 I was late to the game ... I bought Logos my first year in seminary , and though I certainly do n't regret doing so , I wish I 'd purchased this alongside it . Those who know anything about Bibleworks and Logos know what the relative strengths and weaknesses of each product are , so I 'll skip that discussion . Instead , I 'll just repeat what others have said better
 Bibleworks 7.0 is hands down the best software available for Bible Study . Customizable satellite image maps of Israel , incredible number of original language texts , lexicons and numerous resource material galore !! Also , do n't listen to the review about poor customer service !! Customer service is excellent . I 've had nothing but a positive experience with customer support . I also personally attended a full day of conferences where they send out representatives to help you learn how to better utilize the powerful program that you have -LRB- they have these in several locations across the country , just check out their website for more info -RRB- . However , if you are not going to study the original languages , you may want to look elsewhere . Sure you could use the program and get a lot of help from it , but it really is original languages oriented . Also , Bibleworks has helped me to teach myself -LRB- with the Lord 's help -RRB- Greek and Hebrew . It is well worth its price , if you spend a lot of time studying God 's Word.UPDATE -LRB- 2-15-2011 -RRB- I upgraded to BibleWorks 8 as soon as it was available and have been using it daily . BibleWorks 7 blew me away with its ability to cut my study/research time by leaps and bounds and I could n't even envision it getting any better other than add-on modules . BibleWorks 8 has done that ! I just simply ca n't speak any more highly concerning this software program . Several new additions as far as resource grammars for Aramaic , Greek , and Hebrew as well as the Early Church Fathers , and a new feature that allows you to copy search results and other selections directly to Word without first going to the editor then copying it over , etc. . I could go on and on about BibleWorks 8 . Again , there is no product available that I would recommend any higher than this program for serious Bible study that focuses on original language studies!UPDATE -LRB- 09-02-2011 -RRB- Well , now I have BibleWorks 9 . I will not add anything to the above reviews that I have already done and just briefly comment on how incredible the new features in BW 9 are ! First off , the CNTTS -LRB- Center for New Testament Textual Studies -RRB- apparatus is incredible ! You can also view high resolution photos of major Greek manuscripts because of the BibleWorks Manuscript Project , even contains overlays to show you where the verse begins and ends -LRB- a lot of New Testament manuscripts had no punctuation or chapter/verse separations , so this is a great feature that can be turned on or off -RRB- , and you can even mess with the color settings and make the manuscript more readable !!! Also included are searchable companion texts to the manuscripts that are viewable in the BW Manuscripts Project ! Also , in the main BW window you have three main windows , the Search window , Browse window , and Analysis window . You now in BW 9 have the ability to add a fourth window to your workspace , which can be very handy , especially after watching the tutorial videos -LRB- included in the program itself -RRB- on how this can help your studies ! Also included is the New Moody Bible Atlas , complete with printable high resolution photos and maps , that really help when putting together a presentation/lecture !! BibleWorks still continues to blow me away with each upgrade !! Worth well beyond the asking price , you wo n't regret this purchase if you are in the market for what it can deliver!BibleWorks 9
 There is a reason leading seminaries use BibleWorks
 I have been a BibleWorks user since version 4 and have always been amazed with the commitment that the programmers have to making the program meet the needs of the users . They have an ongoing commitment to correcting bugs that might come up and have proven customer service in such situations . There is a very broad range of reference tools that are included in the ` standard ' program , these tools can only be appreciated as you use the progam and become aware of the ease with which you can do multiple things while at the same time doing very basic searches or doing very specific grammatical searches . I admit I have personaly just scratched the surface of the power of this program , mainly due to my lack of a knowledge of the languages and just because of insufficient time . The designers have not only made the program capable of making vocabulary flash cards but they have included many grammar and language tools to actually help the user teach themselves the biblical languages . The resources have been made even easier to access in version seven by the use of tabs which quickly uncover many standard tools and some new additions to the program . If you want to do serious study in the biblical languages and possibly compare many various translations you can do that with much greater speed with BibleWorks .
 BibleWorks is the premier software for the serious linguistic study of the Scriptures . Comes with Greek , Hebrew , and Septuagint Bibles , as well as translations in English , German , Spanish , and many other languages ! This is the best of the best for serious Bible Study of the Masoretic text of the Old Testament.I have been a loyal BibleWorks customer for years , since version 3.x , and have routinely found their support to be excellent whenever I needed assistance .
 I am a Seminary student going into the pastorate and I purchased Bible works to help me translate Scripture passages , do word studies and examine various English translations . It is a phenomenol resource as it allows you to word searches in English , Hebrew or Greek . It also gives you statistics on how many times a particular word is used in the both the New Testament and Hebrew Scriptures . As you examine the Greek or Hebrew in one window I keep four English translations open in another -LRB- and you can pick which translations you wish to examine -RRB- side by side with the original text . There are various lexicons for you to choose from , and Bible works even gives you a summary of each translation and lexicon 's publication . Bible works parses every word for you in Hebrew and Greek , but I would caution one to double check some of Bible works parsings as Bible works does not seem to recognize a deponent verb , but rather simply lists it as in the middle voice in the Greek text . If you know anything about Greek or Hebrew though , it is a resource which you will find invaluable in your studies . I use it daily and would highly recommend it . Well worth the money .
 I bought my first copy of BibleWorks in 2007 -LRB- version 7 -RRB- . The strength of BibleWorks , in comparison with other Bible programs , is that it focuses on the study of the biblical text itself . I 've used the new version -LRB- version 9 -RRB- for about a month now , and have found that it continues to improve on this strength.The most noticeable improvements are in the analysis window . One nice feature is the option of opening a second browse window within the analysis window . This allows the user to view an entire passage in two different versions , or to view several versions in one window and the entire passage in another . I was also impressed by the new manuscript tab in the analysis window , which contains high resolution photos of Codex Sinaiticus , Codex Vaticanus , Codex Alexandrinus , and a few others . This tab is very user-friendly , not to mention fast -- the user may click and drag the manuscripts , zoom in and out , and quickly switch references . The interface is better than the Sinaiticus website , in my opinion . I 've used this feature in the last week to study a few textual problems in the New Testament , and I plan to eventually use it in my Greek classes . Finally , I should note that the analysis window now splits into two panes , giving users the ability to view two analysis tabs at once.Beyond these improvements , users will continue to benefit from the standard assortment of tools which give the ability to quickly compare multiple versions of the Bible , search for words and phrases , and view translation notes along with Greek and Hebrew tools . I regularly use BibleWorks to read Greek and Hebrew and to study lexicons and grammars . I also use it to quickly look up cross references and related passages of Scripture . It even comes in handy when I remember a phrase of Scripture but ca n't remember where it is from , because I can perform a phrase search.All in all , version 9 is welcome update to an already fine product!Kevin W. McFaddenAssistant Professor of New Testament & GreekLouisiana CollegeCaskey School of Divinity
 This review of BibleWorks 9 -LRB- hereafter BW9 -RRB- is written from the perspective of Biblical Hebrew instruction . Therefore , the usability , efficiency , and original language capability are considered the most important criteria for review.Upon opening BW9 , one is confronted with what appears to be an extremely complex interface . Three main windows , along with an array of buttons and tabs , may intimidate the new user . However , a number of instructional videos accompanying the software help the new user to become accustomed to the BW9 interface . These videos , covering topics such as `` The Search Window , '' `` The Browse Window , '' `` The Analysis Window , '' and `` The BibleWorks Editor , '' are indispensable for quickly learning how to harness the BW9 interface . Each video addresses specific topics by means of a video recording of the BW9 interface along with voice narration . The videos are easily accessible and are extremely valuable tutorials , allowing the new user to quickly and easily learn the mechanics of BW9.After watching the videos , the BW9 interface becomes both usable and effective . One can easily browse a given text in the `` Browse '' window . For example , when the Hebrew text is open , and one wants to examine a word , simply moving the mouse over the word in question will bring a up box that will fully parse the word . For instance , in Genesis 44:16 , where the hithpael of ` tsdq occurs with metathesis -LRB- a potential stumbling block for the beginning Hebrew student -RRB- , simply moving the mouse to that particular word reveals exactly what the word is . Then , if one feels obligated to investigate this word further , the analysis window parses the verb , but also allows the user to study the desired material in detail . Thus , using the aforementioned example from Genesis 44:16 , one can see the references and definitions in Brown , Driver , Briggs Hebrew and English Lexicon as well as Holladay 's Hebrew and Aramaic Lexicon of the OT . Double-clicking on the word in question will bring up the references of that word in the `` Search '' window.The searching and cross-referencing capabilities in BW9 present one of the strongest components of the software program . For instance , one of the first rules that the beginning Hebrew student learns is that a guttural can not take a dagesh . However , when a student comes across Ezra 8:19 , the student will come across an alef with a dot in it . After making Hebrew searches vowel sensitive , if a student parses this verb with the software , the dot in the alef remains unexplained . In the analysis window , however , the student can click on the resources window to see if this particular verse is referenced elsewhere in the BW9 resources . The student will be relieved to find that Ezra 8:18 is cited in Gesenius ' Hebrew Grammar , and a simple click will bring up the relevant section of the grammar , where the dot is explained not as a dagesh but as a mappiq.Another example of the usefulness of BW9 's searching capabilities , from an English perspective , surfaces in the case of Psalm 22:21 -LRB- English -RRB- . A reader of the KJV may be surprised -LRB- and confused -RRB- when coming across the word `` unicorns '' in this particular verse . To investigate this , one can toggle on the browse mode where other Bible translations of the same verse appear -LRB- the versions of choice may be changed depending on the user 's preference ; English , Hebrew , and Greek versions may be selected -RRB- . One can then investigate the Hebrew -LRB- and the Greek LXX -RRB- behind the KJV 's seemingly curious translation . Furthermore , double clicking the KJV 's `` unicorns '' will show other KJV passages where this word occurs.A comprehensive overview of every feature and resource of BW9 is not possible within a single review . However , a few deserve special mention . Among the resources available in the BW9 package , Gesenius ' Hebrew Grammar , Jo&uuml;on - Muraoka 's A Grammar of Biblical Hebrew , and Waltke and O'Connor 's Introduction to Biblical Hebrew Syntax , represent three of the most important reference works for those who work with Biblical Hebrew . Paradigms are available for Hebrew , Greek , and Aramaic to help those who need to sharpen their language skills . The `` Vocabulary Flashcard Module '' helps students study and retain vocabulary words -LRB- Hebrew and Greek -RRB- . Notes , searches , and studies may be saved for later reference . The `` Diagrammer '' allows one to break down a verse into its component parts . The `` Map Module '' allows one to create maps . A simple click of the parallel Hebrew Bible/LXX will open Hebrew Bible and Greek LXX of whatever passage is on hand . A great feature for New Testament studies is the `` Synopsis tool , '' placing parallel passages from the Gospels side-by-side . Of course , BW9 has a wide array of Bibles in English and many other languages , as well as other primary sources -LSB- ... -RSB- BW9 is a software package which combines lighting-fast search capabilities , comprehensive cross-referencing , and usability to provide a fine tool for the analysis of the biblical text . BW9 is for those who want to examine the Bible in its original languages , investigate contemporary translations , and enhance Bible study . In short , BW9 is a fantastic tool for those who take the Bible seriously .
 I am an interior design student and I have bought over 5 home design softwares including Punch pro home design . Out of all the home design softwares that I have had , I kept this one . Sierra home designs have current up to date furniture that you can find in anyone 's home today . It 's also easy to import new colors , wallpaper designs and objects . If you are just starting out , I would reccommend this software to help you create the plan that you are looking for . It also carries a couple of plans for apartment living also .
 Manual is difficult to read -- type too small , less than great printing , printing no better than draft appearance .
 This is a very good product . I have used it many times already .
 Timely arrival . Mail packaging was fine . The product packaging was slightly crushed , but the product was not damaged . All-in-All , I 'm satisfied . Thanks !
 -LRB- updated 09/20/2008 -RRB- I am an experienced family researcher and currently have just under 35,000 names in my database . I have been a Family Tree Maker -LRB- FTM -RRB- user since 1998 and have purchased every upgrade since that time . I administer two surname DNA projects and routinely help others with their family research . * FTM v16 is currently , without question , my genealogy software of choiceLike many others in the faithful legions of FTM users , I routinely ordered FTM 2008 before it even came out on blind faith that each new version had been even better than before . Like so many other FTM 2008 users , I was truly shocked to find they had dropped approximately 39 core functions from the previous version , FTM v16 , and found that I could no longer do many of the very basic reports that experienced researchers do so often . I quickly returned my copy of FTM 2008 in total disgust and went back to FTM v16 which now continues to fully meet my many needs . Not learning my lesson , I recently installed the new FTM 2009 on blind faith that surely , given a `` do-over '' , they would restore the full functionality of FTM v16 , and it 's predecessor FTM 2006 . They did n't . * I heartily recommend FTM v16 as your `` go back '' version for anyone who ordered FTM 2008 or FTM 2009 , returned either version in total disgust , and are now looking for a fully-featured version of Family Tree Maker . -LRB- Some users had `` upgraded '' directly from FTM 2005 to FTM 2008 , for example , and had missed the fully-featured FTM v16 version in the process -RRB- * I also believe that FTM v16 compares very favorably with RootsMagic , Legacy , and other comparable genealogy softwares . * If you are a Vista user , all you need to do is download a patch from FTM to make FTM v16 fully `` Vista compatible . '' * I also strongly recommend FTM v16 to novice researchers who are purchasing genealogy software for the very first time . It is very intuitive , starts you out very gently in a guided fashion , but then also has the more sophisticated functions you will find very useful as your experience grows.There are more sophisticated softwares out there , but in some cases , their learning curves are just not worth the trouble . I want a software that works for me , rather than me having the feeling I am instead working for the software . * Bottom line , I was loyal to FTM v16 before `` upgrading '' to FTM 2008 and then trying again with FTM 2009 , and now that I have returned back to FTM v16 , I truly appreciate it 's simple , clean , reliable , straightforward performance even more than ever before . * Without hesitation , I fully recommend FTM v16 to family researchers of all experience levels.CHT in Virginia
 After many years of the same look and marginal upgrades , Family Tree Maker finally made a serious change to the look and feel of the product . There are still some awkward navigation issues , but overall , I think this is worth a look if you are a long term user and have n't upgraded in a while or are just starting out.Having used the available online services that this company offers , I was pleased to find a new feature that integrates some of the online search functionality . Although the integration is a bit superficial , it is useful and made some of my online searches of their databases more productive . I think this is a big step in the right direction and hope they continue to add to the power of this feature as it makes the treasure trove of data they have more accessible.Too bad they do not make a Mac version , as I prefer this to the Mac products available and so I have to use it with Parallels , which is not so convenient .
 I fell in love with another genealogy software years ago and was not happy with any newer ones when support and updates stopped for my original version . When Ancestry updated this year I decided I had to try a new software package again that was compatible with the cool things you can now do on Ancestry so purchased this version . I was very pleasantly surprised and happy . I am still learning the best way to do things and occsionally get frustrated correcting info I have entered incorrectly but I would certainly recommend it . The online checking it does and ability to attach the records found online is pretty awesome .
 The software is better than the previous Family Tree Deluxe version I bought . It allows you to better classify potential matches and decide whether to look at them later or tag them if not interested . The merging process of two databases is easier and allows you to pick what info to merge or whether to keep some info as secondary .
 Family Tree Maker V. 16 is still a major software purchase for the family tree enthuiist . Simple to use , many printable reports and family tree outlines . You are able to record and save all your data and it is uploadable to online-family tree site in the GEDCOM format . I have used it for many years and will continue to do so . A must buy !
 I can never understand why others would want to use anything else , I have tried four others and this one has been the best of all . I now have been using this product starting about 1989 , I upgrade about every 3 to four years
 I 've been researching my family tree for twelve years and I bought this program when it first came out . I 've tried other programs in the past but FAILY TREE MAKER is the one I fell in love with . The pedigree chart is customizable so I got it to look the way I want it to . My only problem with this program is the book feature . I ca n't create it the way I want to but that 's a minor thing because I have the creativity to create my own book by other means . FAMILY TREE MAKER is great for organizing your family . For ten years I was so stressed and overwhelmed by all the names I had collected that I could n't find a way to keep them organized the way I wanted to . FAMILY TREE MAKER took that weight off my shoulders . I 'm thinking about the upgraded version but according to the reviews I 've read it does n't have many of the features `` 16 '' has . This is the one I recommend and will stay with until I 'm shown a version and can out match the one I 'm currently using .
 This is the first genealogy program I have purchased . I tried Roots Magic because they had a free trial version but purchased FTM 16 from Amazon because of the good deal I was able to get . It is easy to use and I have imported files from an old version of Family Origins that a relative had . My computer is 6 years old and has XP and since a review for FTM 2008 claimed it to be a memory hog I decided Version 16 would work for me . My brother has version 2008 and does n't like it . I do wish it would show when a divorce is associated with a marriage when you view that persons page . I am very happy with FTM 16 . Get it while it is still available .
 I have really enjoyed using this program . It 's easy to enter information and figure out relationships . It is also easy to navigate the program . I especially love the feature where it will search Ancestry.com from the program .
 I purchased the Version 16 of the Family Tree Maker and was extremely pleased . It loaded without any glitches and captured all the data and notes I had entered in the 1994 version of Family Tree Maker . I could not remove the old version but V16 loaded anyhow and has no conflicts . Its a great program .
 This program is easy to understand and use . It allows you to `` see '' your family history . There are many print and view options and the on-line help is always available . It is a valuable tool for any researcher .
 This is my first Family Tree maker . I 'm glad I read the reviews before hand . This is the version to get .
 This product is a great way to build your family tree , it includes online support as well as customer service people .
 I am an amature but this software works wonderfully & is easy to navigate.I would recommend this to novices
 I love it !! It 's so easy to use and very helpful . I highly recommend this product.Family Tree Maker Version 16 Standard
 FTM 16 is good stuff , but note that a new version is coming out in August , FTM 2008 . They do n't have any upgrade deal . I did n't know this when I bought FTM 16 in June . I wish I had waited .
 Family Tree Maker Version 16 Essentials -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB- One of the best programs for working on you Family Tree .
 The thought of doing this was scaring me . I found it very intimidating because it is not very simple ! It could be because I do n't like to read instructions . But as I keep practicing I love it more and more.It tied in family members that impressed me . I want to give gifts of the results that I find for Christmas.I would recommend this to anyoe . It was and is , worth the price .
 I have used the Broderbund Family Tree Maker since version 6 came out . I love the way it is set up and all the freedom it gives me to input family files and history along with scrapbook items and photos . It lets me as thourough as I want to be and keeps everything very organized and when I am ready , I can print books , charts , canons or any number of family-related information . Seeing as this is the last Broderbund version , this is probably the last one I will buy .
 I previously used version 3 . When I purchased a new computer with Windows Vista , I had to update . I am still learning this version and to date , I find it harder to navigate . Perhaps with time , I may change my opinion .
 This is the first software of this type I have used and I found it very easy to get comfortable with . I got this version after reading all the bad reviews of folks who had been using FTM all along and then tried the 2008 version . This one works just fine with vista after you get the update from their web site .
 Although not the latest version of Family Tree Maker , it solved the issues I was having with FTM 2005 . It installed easily and the interface with the internet works well . Will try FTM 2008 when it shows more promise .
 I had a previous version and this has many more report possibilities , a nice improvement . I have been using this product for many years , I upgrade about every 3 to four years
 I had been using FTM 2005 for quite a few years , and really thought I was happy with it . I heard so many on my list talking about how wonderful FTM 16 was , so I thought I 'd try it . I have no idea why I 've waited so long for it !! It 's wonderful ! I love all the features . In fact , I have FTM 2008 waiting to be installed , and from what I hear , I 'd better stick with FTM 16 . Thanks Jean S
 I read other reviews of this product and made my choice for them . I 'm having a great time with the newer version .
 I like the results of the Family Tree Maker reports , however , I found this edition I upgraded to a little more complicated to use . Nothing I was not able to overcome but the ease of use in the older versions caused me to pause when starting out with this edition . I am using it fine now and have adjusted easily .
 I was pleased to find Family Tree Maker No. 16 available on Amazon . I had been wanting to get started on my family history again after I lost it a couple years ago . This updaated Family Tree Maker is good to use and even better I did n't have to go out shopping for it . I will use the service again .
 I 'm using version 16 , which appears to be the last best one that is fully functional -LRB- versions 17 and 2008 do n't measure up to 16 's level -RRB- .
 I was ready for an upgrade on my old FTM and so glad I read the other reviews . I am not disappointed ! This version is quick , easy , and uploaded all my information from my old version in a snap ! Expanded categories to record your research and really personalize your ancestors .
 My original Family Tree Maker program was so old , -LRB- version8 -RRB- I had problems with -LSB- ... -RSB- and had never learned to use the program efficently.I have not had time to actually use Version 16 , but I really like the method of viewing the families with much of the relevant inforamtion on one page.I think I will enjoy this program.I had read many reviews of the most recent Family Tree Maker program and decided that version was not ready for prime time . Version 16 seems to be a good fit for my needs .
 I have found that Family Tree Maker is very user-friendly and easy to manipulate . I know my whole family will enjoy what I have done so far and will easily be able to add and/or edit as they see fit .
 Software product . Family Tree Maker , was received in a timely manner and in excellent shape .
 I was thrilled to find a copy of this Family Tree Maker software . My computer crashed and I did n't have a CD so I could n't open all the saved files which involved several hundred people . Family Tree Maker , since this is an old program , does n't have a copy of it even on a dusty old corner shelf.I did n't like the new platform that was offered recently . I had tried it and found that I would have to re-learn how to add information ; being almost done with 4 sides of the family , I decided that I 'd rather stick with what I know and like . Also , they had eliminated the opportunity to create your own book on your computer and printer.This package also included a DVD which I have not used -LRB- do n't have the hardware -RRB- but assume that it is a how-to ; so I was not disappointed that I could n't use it.Thank you sir , for having this program .
 I do not have FTM yet , but was going to purchase the v16 . Can someone tell me the difference between FTM Version 16 , OLD VERSION , and Family Tree Maker Version 16 ESSENTIALS -LRB- OLD VERSION -RRB- ? And will the FTM import data from Generations Grande Suite 6 ?
 I have been tracing my family history for almost 40 years . I thought my first edition of FTM -LRB- about 10 years old now -RRB- was the best ever . Then I began thinking about upgrades and almost bought the 2009 version . I 'm glad I read the reviews first because I really like the Version 16 Essentials . It installed quickly and easily . The only thing I had to correct was to delete one of the short cuts on my desk top . I think this version will do me for another 10 years .
 I like FTM Version 16 Essentials . I like it better than Version 2008 I purchased last year so I switched back to Version 11 . However , I do not like it better than Version 11 I previously had loaded . The one thing I do like better is that you can enter birth and death information for all children on the family group page and you do not have to go back and forth . The one thing I did not like is that on Version 11 I had a lot of notes for a lot of people and when I updated my notes did not transfer to Version 16 along with the people .
 I am a long time Linux user and this so far the best release byRed Hat.Installing is a breeze , desktop is very nice . Default install mostfeatures for average user . You can add more programs later thrupackage manager , which is very easy to use.Updating the system is easy with `` up2date '' , which notified you whenupdates are available . OpenOffice works like a charm.For advanced power users there is tons of tools for programming , editing , developing etc.Burning CD 's and DVD 's is easy as click and drag.For photo editing users there is a GIMP , very powerful editingsoftware.My system is running very fast and stable with this Red Hat release . I did not have one single crash yet since I installed itin Nov-2003 . If someone is looking for alternative operating system , this onedeserves to try .
 I love the Linux/Unix environment for programming and its power , but had trouble connecting to the internet in SUSE through my new home network with a DSL modem , a router and my wife 's Window XP computer . But with this product it connected with about five mouse clicks and is working great.Here 's how to do it for a network Hub configuration -LRB- as I understand it -RRB-
 IT WORKS ON THE HP VECTRA BUT DOES N'T SEEM TO LIKE VIA EMBEDDED CPUs . THE GHz IS TOO SLOW@600 MHz
 If you are looking for general business listings -LRB- non geography or industry specific -RRB- then this CD-ROM is great . I was looking for a very specific database , and in hindsight , I would have been better off buying from their custom data service . I did find a nice amount of listings for what I was looking for , but I have since spoken to their customer service department who confirmed I would have gotten more records matching my needs had I spent my money on a custom list .
 I had a few questions about the product and my campaign , so I called them to see if someone could help me out . Someone in customer service spent about 45 minutes on the phone with me . They were fantastic . Not only were they patient with me , but I couldnt believe when the guy called me back three days later to see how my work was coming along . I really got the sense they cared . Its nice to see from a company these days .
 This is a great cd-rom . Alot of data for my needs . I printed right to mailing labels.Very easy.Esto es una gran CD-ROM . Alot de los datos para mis necesidades . Imprim&iacute; a la derecha a las etiquetas que enviaban . Muy f&aacute;cil .
 I bought the American Business Listings product almost a year ago . My wife and I used it to find new customers in our state for our costume jewelery business . The product gave us a handful of customers and we have done alot of business .
 Great company , but I bought this product and should have bought the other one they are selling . It was pretty much my fault , as I did not properly understand the difference between both offerings . This one , the one that I bought , is 1 Million listings , which is GREAT if you are looking for GENERAL listings as you have 1 Million to choose from . BUT , I was looking for specifics -LRB- Doctors -RRB- and the CD simply did not contain enough for me . The OTHER product that Infochase sells , has a database of 15 Million businesses plus . When you spend the 350.00 , you are prepaying for 3500 -LRB- or in the case of their 429.00 product - 4500 listings -RRB- ... this would have been a better purchase for me , becuase it would have been better for me to search the WHOLE database , as opposed to only a database of 1 Million.In summary
 I have been doing direct marketing for my small business going on 15 years now . I have pretty much mastered the process of creating effective direct mail campaigns , and putting together the right kind of mailer for my target audience . Where my frustration comes from , is that for small businesses , its difficult to find a good clean list at an affordable price . There are one or two giants in the industry that sell data , but prices are very high , and to be honest , the quality of the data isnt much better from one to the next.Than I found these guys . Trust me when I tell you that you wont do better . I dont know how they sell the data at the price that they do , but after three or four campaigns now with their product -LRB- I have also bought custom data -RRB- , I have had great success .
 I was really pleased with this product . I got a very high count on the industry and location i was looking for . I also had some questions about the kind of campaign I was going to run , and I called the company to ask some questions - they were very helpful . A good experience .
 Bought it , used it , loved it - Ask about their custom data service too ... bought more leads through it .
 I have now used the American Business Listings product to run three seperate campaigns . I couldnt believe how easy it was to use , and how quick it was on searching for new leads . We have done a fair amount of business as a result of using this program . I would highly recommend it !
 I 'm not the guitarist/musician ... I 'm a small business owner who has the same name as a famous musician.I 've done a few campaigns for my small business with them now , and have had good results with their program and their data.I recently began putting together the pieces for another campaign , and called the company to see when their new product is coming out . They informed me that they are launching a portal this summer and all leads will cost just ten cents , and will be downloadable in real time . I 'm yet to see this type of offer from anyone else . There are a couple other companies that are selling data online , but nowhere near these prices . Call them and ask about their portal . My call resulted in me getting 100 leads free and being included on their beta testing team . Good deal !
 hello there . i just want to say that i have tried just about every piece of software of this kind . i do alot of direct mail for my business and have found that this product far out performs the others . it is very easy to use . the data is very good . and i especially like the fact that i can buy more data through the cd . these guys really built a user friendly , affordable product .
 I find the product good and useful . I extend my business monies and customers by using them . They are not expensive and the cd-rum is eezy . Thanks you .
 I run a business in California and was given this product from a friend who had used it and had good things to say about it . I found it very easy to use -LRB- i 'm not the techiest of people -RRB- , and the data was very accurate . I did a search for dealers in the state of California and was quite impressed with the results . We also used their custom data service to buy additional leads , and found them to be of top quality at the most reasonable price we could find.I 'd recommend .
 Great product for the price . Affordable . Easy to use . Got me good results .
 Just as I had before . Mine was borrowed by my neghbor and then he died -LRB- Bummer for him !! -RRB- and I had to replce it .
 I recently purchased a sony clie -LRB- my first pda -RRB- and have been happy with it so far . I think the docs to go program will be excellent but as yet i am still struggling with syncing and installing problems after a month of working on this . The website is marginally helpful and to talk to a person requires payment .
 I got this book for free but it turned out that it had a few things in there that I never knew . Being an IT pro this book was a good refresher !
 Not bad for a free book.Good for the beginner , an easy read for someone wanting to know more about securing home networks . I read it in about 2 hrs .
 An undervalued feature of this software is its ability to let you read and write a Mac formatted iPod in Windows , both through its native XPlay interface and iTunes for Windows . Granted , the extra translation layer -LRB- borrowed directly from their MacDrive software -RRB- slows the process down a little but the flexibility is well worth it if , like me , you have both Macs and Windows machines . -LRB- NB
 I installed it and that is all there is too it . Within a minute of installing XPlay I was transfering music to my iPod . It was as easy as using any other disk on my Windows XP computer . I can do everything I did with iTunes , but it just feels better , more `` Windows '' with XPlay . It really is one of the easiest programs I have ever used.Also , a friend of mine uses XPlay with his Windows Me system . With XPlay we were able to copy music off his iPod and save it to his PC . Pretty cool !!! I was leary when I first read reviews on here about both XPlay and Mediafour as a company . I am not sure what experience others had on here , but for my money this is a first rate program .
 I received a IPod Nano as a gift . I 've been listening to music on my Dell Axim so I keep my music library -LRB- mostly paid Yahoo subscription music without the drm anymore -RRB- on Windows Media Player 11 -LRB- latest version -RRB- . The IPod is great as it is , far faster than the Axim , which uses a flash cards . However , the Ipod is an Apple product and Apple does n't allow any synchronization outside of Itunes . To me WMP provides a far better shuffling environment onto my nano , so I was able to stick with WMP thanks to Xplay.Pros : - Xplay allows Windows Media Player to send music onto the Ipod , and allow them to be recognized.-Xplay converts any wma files into mp3 when you shuffle music onto ipod since ipod can not play any wmas.Cons-Apple continues to update their software and block Xplay from working -LRB- their nasty hatred of microsoft -RRB- . So make sure your Xplay is up to date and do n't let Itunes update your Ipod or software.-There are no clear instructions , but Windows Media Player 11 and 10 work great for me .
 Remember , this product is not VISTA compatible . That is coming out later this year .
 I use both a Mac and PC -- This made my Ipod a lot more fun .
 I have a previous review on this product . I love it , except my new laptop Vista , so i have to wait for XPlay 3 . If you have Vista , wait until Feb 2008 when Xplay3 comes out ! Other wise , this is a great Drag and drop program for IPODs on your XP or later Operating System , and from what I read ... Mac aswell.Enjoy
 No need to look further . This is the software to fix all of your ipod problems .
 I do image-editing more as a hobby and to make my `` blog '' more annoying than other people 's , so my needs are not as extraordinary as other people . I found this fun little disc in the discount bin , and I 'm quite satisfied , especially with the very , very attractive brunette woman who appears in so many of the photos . It works well with the `` smart select '' function in my `` Nova Photo Explosion '' program , so for my limited purposes , this is a great buy .
 This game was given to my son who is autistic . He was 4 at the time the game was given to him as a gift . He truly loved it and learned from it . He learned how to recognize the numbers , he learned how to wait for the next customer , he recognized fruits , clothing , and the people . It truly was a helpful tool for him to learn . The disc eventually got scratch 's all over and was unable to play . I then found it under Amazon.com and purchased another . We truly do love it and it should be brought back in to the stores .
 Not sure about the other review here but this software runs fine on XP -LRB- assuming you have a relatively modern version , which would indicate XP printed on the software disc . It DOES require a key terminal with a licensing card -LRB- which plugs in by USB -RRB- - this applies to any version of the software or of Windows.The software itself is very easy to use and great for laying out and printing cards . Best used in conjunction with the Epson card printer . With this you can print your own professional ID cards , gift cards , etc. and it provides means to adjust each card individually , such as incrementing id numbers or codes , etc. . Easily adaptable to any use , this is a good program .
 I have worked with over a dozen accounting packages over the last 15 years , including beta testing such products as Open Systems , Great Plains , and Profit . I have used Peachtree versions 2 - 2002 for my own company and I have set up the program for innumerable clients over the years . Peachtree is the BEST program for smaller businesses - bar none . It has a terrific payroll module , good a/p and a/r , and the ability to evaluate your business standing right now , not next month when your CPA finishes the books.The key to the program is to have the program set up by an expert and to have occasional maintenance on the system . After setup , my customers have me out about twice a year to perform updates , create permanent backups , fix minor problems , and answer questions.Just because the software costs less than ... -LRB- multi-user versions -RRB- , does n't mean that you can get by with only spending ... for a class to become an expert . Look for someone to come in and tailor the program to your exact needs . This is a more expensive process , but considering that Peachtree 's real competitors -LRB- NOT QuickBooks -RRB- start at thousands of dollars , you are still better off financially -- and you will have REAL financial information to boot ...
 The Peachtree accounting package is a very comprehensive piece of software for the small or medium size business . It gives great control of whats going on in your business and is easily networkable , but a word of caution . You absolutely MUST have a good understanding of accounting to set this thing up . If you do n't , have your accountant do it . Once it 's up and running it 's user friendly and very easy to use . I especially like the security features and audit trail . It let 's you control who does what and lets you see who did what.My only problems with the Peachtree system is that they could have given it a little more versitaly with the reporting functions and its inventory control features are cumbersome and rudimentry . But you ca n't have everything in a low price do it yorself system.Overall a very good system and a great value .
 I purchased this program to handle all of my accounting for my Web Design and Hosting business . For the tasks that I need accomplished , this program is awesome . It is easy to use and very user friendly . I will tell you , though , that it is not a cheap alternative to the full blown Peachtree program . Too many people fall into that trap , and think that they will get all the features the full version has . This version is targeted towards the small business owner who keeps track of his own accounting data and does n't need to do complicated search tasks . If you are looking for a small program that wo n't cost you a fortune and can out perform Money 2002 , Quicken , etc , and you do n't need a lot of complicated features , this is the program for you . I love it !
 In the quest to find a decent accounting solution for my sole-proprietorship -LRB- start-up -RRB- , I tried and evaluated several trial versions of accounting software . Of the commercial accounting packages I evaluated , Peachtree accounting 2002 is most inexpensive , given the features . Unlike QuickBooks , it uses heavy-duty double-entry accounting.Unfortunately it is not always the most intuitive accounting package to use . I would go so far as to say there is a degree of difficulty in using this package . Luckily , Peachtree includes a tutorial and several help files . I found myself referring to them often in the beginning , then less frequently as time progressed.Using the included setup wizard , I was able to setup the books in about 30 minutes . Unfortunately , my business does n't neatly fit into the example companies , so I had to do some customization . In any event , I was soon able to generate purchase orders , with a minimum of effort . Like QuickBooks , it can print out deposit slips.Peachtree Accounting 2002 is a full-featured accounting package , with better inventory management than QuickBooks . It has good scalability and can grow with your company , but be warned , time will have to be invested in order to conquer the learning curve before you can become productive.But do n't take my word for it . You can download a trial version from -LRB- ... -RRB- to try it out yourself . I would recommend spending a day putting in the numbers and seeing if it is right for you .
 I first encountered Peachtree Accounting -LRB- then called PAW -RRB- in 1995 when I started off a company . Being NOT an accounting major , I found it pretty handy and was pleased that it provided us with good info about the company -LRB- so were other shareholders -RRB- . I pulled out from the company shortly , and my partner , an engineer by training , picked up the accounting work with my several hours ' tutoring and several sheets of additional manual . He survived and got not much problems with auditors.This year I started my own company distributing appliances . I chose Peachtree Accouting 2002 . With 2 weeks ' dedicated working -LRB- to back tracked two months + of transactions -RRB- , I finally set up the system , putting all company activities , including inventory movements , into the system . It went very well . Now that I felt truly comfortable , knowing I can get timely and meaningful insights of the company . Truly a worthy-of-praise software . If they are talking about ERP , I think that 's it . We tried to use some ERP software in my former company , we bumped onto difficulty just trying to work with one module.Like any good software , Peachtree Accounting is great . What causes failure is the implementation . In my last company , I asked the financial controller to use Peachtree with a newly established subsidiary . She and her accounting manager tried to persuaded me to wait for a soon-to-come heaven-sent ERP system . I stood firm , nominating an accounts supervisor to champion the project . She ended up giving us the year end financial report two working days after closing . So do n't let your kingdom-builder accountant talked you out . How good it is you can get timely information from the system , without having to ask your accountant who could store his/her precious numbers down in scattered Excel files ? Ask them , `` If they can make it , why ca n't you ? `` Lession learnt
 I have a financial services company that includes bookkeeping and have used Quickbooks and Peachtree extensively . For the smallest businesses either product will do the job . However , Peachtree has in my opinion a much stronger product for the price . I have switched several customers from QuickBooks to Peachtree but never the other way . I am not surprised the person had conflicts with his network installation . I did find a few bugs with the newest version of Peachtree -LRB- mainly related to G/L reporting -RRB- and will watch closely to see how quickly they have updates . In the past they have been really good with updates , however , with new ownership I do caution what kind of tech support and `` customer first '' service you will receive . The person that wrote that its competition is NOT Quickbooks is mostly right . It is the OTHER product in the price range and the `` best marketed '' and will do the job for most mom and pop operations -LRB- though after seeing what people do in QB that have no bookkeeping skills you could be better off with using a paper system , believe me -RRB- Quickbooks is poorly designed and set up in comparison . I consider QB a PRO version of Quicken in its design and use of `` registers '' . Peachtree is much more powerful and offers alot more to people that want to expand there accounting system in the future . However , both programs slow down considerably over the network when your company size gets very large -LRB- Over 20 MB etc. -RRB- . Another Caveat is Complete accounting is not compatible with the other 2002 versions . I have some clients that do n't need the extra features and network compatibility BUT I set up there books on my Peachtree , backed it up and brought it to them to restore and WAS INCOMPATIBLE . Not sure if that effects anyone else but just a mention . Overall it is comparable to the features you find in products I 've seen bought for $ 10,000 + + + . The only thing you really get for the extra thousands is the ability to handle more than 5 workstations and better database management . Also learning Crystal Reports can take some time but with it you can do anything with Peachtree as to reporting . By far best value in the price range .
 I have worked with over a dozen accounting packages over the last 15 years , including beta testing such products as Open Systems , Great Plains , and Profit . I have used Peachtree versions 2 - 2002 for my own company and I have set up the program for innumerable clients over the years . Peachtree is the BEST program for smaller businesses - bar none . It has a terrific payroll module , good a/p and a/r , and the ability to evaluate your business standing right now , not next month when your CPA finishes the books.The key to the program is to have the program set up by an expert and to have occasional maintenance on the system . After setup , my customers have me out about twice a year to perform updates , create permanent backups , fix minor problems , and answer questions.Just because the software costs less than $ ... -LRB- multi-user versions -RRB- , does n't mean that you can get by with only spending $ ... for a class to become an expert . Look for someone to come in and tailor the program to your exact needs . This is a more expensive process , but considering that Peachtree 's real competitors -LRB- NOT QuickBooks -RRB- start at thousands of dollars , you are still better off financially -- and you will have REAL financial information to boot ...
 In an earlier note about Peachtree I expressed displeasure that PCA 2002 no longer permits editing the `` Global Tax Tables '' . It is true that this option apparently has been removed . However - one CAN still edit `` Company Tax Tables '' -LRB- Peachtree maintains two sets of tax tables - Global and Company - in case books are maintained for multiple companies , some of which require different calculations for the SAME type tax . If there is an entry in the Company tables with the same name as a table in the Global tables , the system will use the Company table . -RRB- And one CAN use these tables for all payroll computations , therefore , my original ire at Peachtree has moderated . Will install PCA 2002 after all . -LRB- My guess is that it is the custom of the majority of users to just spring the $ $ for the payroll tax update service rather than try to figure how to update themselves . For me , I want the option to do it myself for nothing . -RRB-
 I 've been teaching computer to first through third graders and have tried every art program out there . This program is the answer to a three year search ! It is the perfect tool for teaching young children art in a fun , relaxed , interesting and exciting way . It can be played through for fun , or easily broken down into assignments and lessons . The famous art included is excellent , broad in scope , and well described and presented . The tools are easy to use , and the printouts are great . No need to have to switch to different screen settings to use it either -LRB- thanks so much kid pixs -- did n't tell us that one on the box didja -RRB- . The program even includes ready made lessons in the idea starter section that teach principles like positive and negative space , texture , pattern , color mixing etc. . It is a truly awesome program from my point of view , and the kids love it to !
 This is probably the best begginers art program I have ever seen . My daughter who is five plays this game constantly.It is not only fun but very educational . My daughter saw a reprint of a famous picture the other day and said `` daddy thats Mona Lisa by Divincci '' I was amazed . You can make movies , pictures with paint , stamps , crop , build objects , and tons of other activities . Watch out Photo-Shop six my five year old is comming .
 Featuring art curriculum based on the National Standards for Arts Education , JumpStart Artist introduces students in kindergarten through third grade to the elements and principles of art , art history , the cultural significance of art , art production and display . Featuring drawing , painting , quilting , puppets , and collage activities , students are drawn into the diverse world of art as they develop understandings of basic art concepts using a collection of more than one hundred famous artworks , folk art , and cultural crafts drawn from around the world . There are fun activities introducing students to such fundamental concepts as line , shape , form , texture , value , space , color , symmetry , pattern , focal point , contrast , mood , symbols , and style . A True Color , 32-bit palette enables students to experiment with blending tools for achieving realistic color-mixing effects for their own creations . There are three levels of complexity that provide students with progressively challenging experiences . JumpStart Artist is ideal for homeschooling , and strongly recommended for traditional classroom art appreciation curriculum supplementation .
 My son really liked this artist program . We first rented it from the library , and then he liked it so well we bought it . This program is different from a lot of the other artist programs out there becaue it teaches art fundamentals -LRB- i.e. what is texture , introduces kids to the color wheel , asks kids to re-create a pictures that are already drawn by causing them to match patterns , introduces them to mixing colors , etc. -RRB- It has a movie area where the pre-drawn pictures you color come to life in a movie.It teaches foreign language . One of the movies is about a pinata , and it teaches the Spanish words for big and small . It is extremely enjoyable for preschoolers -LRB- age 4 -RRB- , yet it is complex enough that a young grade school child would not think it was too easy or too young for them .
 This is an excellent example of what childrens software should be . This product could hold my childrens ' attention for probably hours , by having them to use their own imagination instead of just `` finishing '' someone elses ' idea . They have even found ways to play with three of four children at a time . We have had this product for over a year and it is still the one they reach for first . Jump Start products are always way ahead of the rest and this one is no different .
 She took to it right away and it was difficult to get her to do other activities once she popped this CD into the drive . She is artistic by nature and this program is a BIG HIT with her!Plenty of variety and rewards for her effort to boot !
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 4 . She is now 5 . From the start this was one of her favorites and she still plays with it once or twice a week . She likes the colors and textures and variety . I like the fact that it is a creative toy that captures her imagination and it does not contain people or situations that I feel are inappropriate for small children . ** Edit - My younger daughter now has this program and it is one of her favoirtes too . Even though newer material is available to her she uses this CD as much as her older sister did !
 This is one of our favorite jump start programs . I was not sure who likes it the best
 Bought this for my five year old for Christmas . Have n't given it to her yet , but I have yet to be dissapointed in a jumpstart product . They are pretty much awesome . It also arrived in a timely manner
 I bought this for my 3 year old daughter . First of all I was concerned because we have Windows 7 , and not all software that is older works with it . No problem , though , this works great on Windows 7 . You will need the disc to play this one , so keep it handy . One thing I noticed right away is that the characters in this game talk a lot . They kind of go on and on so prepare to click through it . Aside from that this has some great features.My daughter loves `` making movies '' and showing them to anyone who will watch . There are lot of ways to make art and I was surprised at how much you can really do . This game has pretty much any art form you can think of and educates at the same time about different art . It is a very versatile game .
 Hi , I 'm StoryMaker . I 've long been a fan of Knowledge Adventure 's JumpStart products , and JumpStart Artist is no exception . In fact , it may just be the best JumpStart out there ! It teaches basically anything a kid might need to know about art using JumpStart 's signature games , songs , characters and reward system.Enter Kisha Koala 's art fair - an interactive , fun place where kids can be creative to their heart 's content . There 's only one problem - Kisha could n't manage to complete her rides . In order to earn pieces to create the Texture Merry-Go-Round , Collage Fun-house , Line Roller Coaster , and Painting Ferris Wheel -LRB- OK , maybe that 's not what it was called , but memory fails me -RRB- , you must play 5 interactive games that teach all sorts of things about art . Eleanor Elephant 's game will teach about creativity and art styles using a painting game filled with tons of fun features and tools , CJ Frog 's game will teach about art from around the world using a simple but fun and creative adventure game , Frankie 's game boosts creativity by letting you paint pictures that really animate for a movie , Casey Cat 's game teaches about famous masterpieces and different aspects of art using a creative new way to do concentration , and Hopsalot 's game lets you learn following directions for creating artwork.Yes , there 's a lot available in this one program . Better yet , all of this learning about art is fun and the songs are superb . By building the rides , you are rewarded with a fun music video that teaches about art . I love the tune to the texture song , and it 's hard not to learn something from listening to these . My only slight quibble is that the collage one is rather weird ... it says you can put `` poodles and people '' on collages . I suppose they probably mean pictures of them , but it was a little unclear . Plus , it shows Pierre Polar Bear -LRB- he does n't have his own game in this product but makes numerous cameos -RRB- glued to the ceiling of a fun-house ... huh ?? However , the song is still -LRB- or maybe because of such -RRB- very funny.Overall , this extremely fun game not only entertains to the max but teaches as well . So much about art is taught very , very painlessly , and it gives kids a chance to be creative . A winner for kids ages 4-8 ! Signed , StoryMaker . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! '' P.S. I recommend other JumpStart products , such asJumpStart Explorersand their grade-based products .
 My five year old got this for christmas and she absolutely loves it . It 's colorful and playful format keeps her engaged for quite a while . Even now , two months later , she still loves this program . She loves to draw and this program gives her another medium to create while teaching her various art related concepts . A great purchase for the little artist in your family .
 This is a great program ! I was thinking it was going to be some cute little paint a scene or coloring book type deal . I checked it out and it has so much ! It has mixing colors , textures , lines , games , collages , puppetry , sewing , etc ! There is so much more than just coloring !
 The software is very user friendly , in fact my two & a half year old is able to navigate it and enjoys the activities . It teaches alphabet and words and has stories but does not really teach PHONICS per se . Great beginning tool for 3 to 5 year olds but would not expect a first grader to gain much from this product . The Jump Start products have met our expectations so far .
 Jump Start Math Mastery is an excellent tool for reinforcing math skills to students . The program contains math lessons for grades K-2 . The math lessons are fun and interesting . The software 's graphics are colorful and accurate . During each lesson , explicit and easily understandable directions are given to the player . All of the material in this software program is age and subject appropriate . I highly recommend this software program to teachers , parents , and guardians who want their students and children to practice their math skills in a fun and exciting way .
 I bought this for my nine year old daughter who is a devoted Sabrina fan -LRB- are n't we all -RRB- for Christmas . She started it at about 10am Christmas morning and had finished it by Boxing day evening ! Initially she was n't confident but once she got the hang of the simple operations she very quickly worked her way through the levels . She particularly liked making up spells to zap the creatures she met on each level . From a Mum 's point of view it is good to see a game with such a positive female role model and I think it will be a very good introduction to other games .
 It was very enjoyable and fun to try to find all the ingredients for the potion . I was on the edge of my computer.It was n't very hard once you had figured out how to do it.I enjoyed finding Amanda and going into the other realm . Salem was funny especially by the remarks and jokes he made . I played this game over and over again and I never got bored . Out of all the computer games I have played this is by far the best.I would give it five stars .
 At first when I got this game for my birthday I thought it would be extreemly easy like the first one . It is very challenging but remember you need to have spells at all times or you 're in trouble . I thought that I would be done with it in a week . Come to find out it took me about 1 in 1/2 months to complete it . At the end it just stops and goes to the main screen . But after all that time andhard work it all payed off .
 This game is great ! you have to fine Salem who has stolen the benie of ultimit power or the witches counsel will turn you into a cat ! this is a must buy ! I stayed up until 2:00 in the morning and did n't realise it when I played it !!
 what can i say . . i LOVE this game.its great in so many ways . esp . if your a truesabrina fan like i am , you will never want to stopplaying this game . and im serious.-great quality-sound is terrific-level of difficulty is medium-puzziling but in a fun way-and so much more.this game is awesome and my most favorite gameesp . for a 90 's game .
 tHIS IS A COOL GAME U GET TO MAKE SPELLS AND FIND SALEMAND ITS REALLY HER VOICE , SALEMS VOICE AND HER SISTERS VOICE.IT IS HARD TO ZAP THEM IN TIME THOUGH .
 SD memory card , City Navigator NT , Spain & Portugal . Detailed map coverage for Spain and Portugal containing full coverage of Spain , Andorra and Gibraltar and these cities in Portugal
 This product was great . Driving around the country roads in England , I did ' t need to worry about finding my way . can give an address or just a city and follow the directions . When returning my rental car to the airport , it found me a gas station and then back to the rental return . Only improvement is that when going into a roundabout -LRB- lots and lots of them in England -RRB- , it said exit 2 and street name but the signs were the street numbers - A24 , etc. . Not a big problem if you just listen to and follow second exit though . It also gave an idea of how long the jouney would take so that was helpful too .
 I purchased this for a road trip that I took in Scotland in late July . Installation was as simple as popping the SD card into my Garmin Nuvi GPS . The maps were accurate . The interface was exactly the same as for US maps . The only thing was that sometimes it directed me to some smaller roads instead of main highways , but that sometimes happens with the US maps , too.Overall , this was a great help on my road trip all around Scotland .
 Pros
 I purchased this just before my trip to the UK in March . I have lived in the USA for 17 years and I go back every couple of years to visit family . As the years have gone by , the roads have changed a little and my memory of how to get around has faded . My last trip , 2 years ago , I got lost so many times , it spoiled my visit . I decided this time to by the UK map for my Garmin . Best thing I could have done . I popped in the SD card and I was ready to go . This trip was so much better , not having to think about how to get to places . The price was very good too and when I called the company with a question , I got a real person on the other end who answered me right away . Very happy with this purchase .
 The maps were great just type in venue in Rome and walk directly to it . We traveled thru italy and england never got lost , worth every penny
 I have this my Garmin Nuvi 205W . It does pretty well at getting me where I want even if miss a turn and it has to recalculate . The problem is that sometimes it will take me down dead end streets -LRB- places that there was never a path ever ! -RRB- . I have been taken to the wrong place a couple times and sometimes it even waits a little to long to say turn . Overall though it does quite well and about 92 % of the time it is right on and about . Another 6 or 7 % it waits on turns a little too long . That extra 1 or 2 % it does get you in a weird predicament -LRB- I have only had it for about a month and it has done this 2 or 3 times -RRB- . Probably more on the 3.5 star side because of the price and that fact that it gets you lost sometimes where you have to turn around and that was its original path .
 Worked great during a trip to Germany ! A perfect time saving tool , esp if you need to drive solo . Wish the things where not so expensive .
 I was so impressed by the way this SD card worked . I went to Europe for a month and this SD card loaded with European Maps guided me throughout . I love when things work the way they are supposed to .
 This product is well worth the expense spent . I would have been lost without it . I highly recommend this product to anyone traveling in Europe . It will get you where you need to be !!
 THe only downside for this is the cost . As I have no idea what it costs to make -LRB- the physical pieces are very cheap -RRB- I only took it down to a 4 .
 I drove around Germany for two weeks without once having to look at a map . It delivers the same incredible Garmin experience I 've come to expect from my nuvi 350 , but with funny-sounding names.I 'd buy it again at twice the price .
 Used this SD card throughout western Europe for two weeks
 I purchased for a recent trip to Ireland . It was excellent . Sometimes would take you on some very scenic routes , but always made it to our final destination . Driving on the opposite side of the road in Ireland , this allowed me to concentrate on the road rather than messing with maps .
 This software for our Garmin autopilot GPS system was wonderful . It is very easy to install . We could not have navigated around the UK without it . I will never drive in Europe again without having a navigation system along .
 I used this on a recent trip to southern France . I thought it was fantastic and it completely won over my skeptical husband.We travel a lot and normally rent a car . It has often taken us many hours -LRB- and many arguments ! -RRB- to find our hotel . -LRB- One time in Rome , we gave up , turned in the rental car and took a taxi to the hotel ! -RRB- On this trip , the Garmin found every hotel on the first try -LRB- 4 hotels -RRB- . It saved us a tremendous amount of time . Not only that , but it made us more adventurous . We had no fear about wasting time gettng lost so we visited lots of attractions we may have bypassed.It was a risk because it was an expensive purchase , but it turned out to be worth every cent . I ca n't say it was 100 % perfect , but it was darn close , so I am giving it a 5 .
 For a recent trip to Ireland , we purchased the SD data card , Europe for our Nuvi 660 . We had rented a car to drive around Ireland and explore . We simply typed in the destination and it took us there , and told us when we would arrive . If we took a wrong turn , it would tell us , in a nice way . There was complete coverage everywhere we went . It even knew about roundabouts ! I would never drive in Europe without it .
 First thing 's first . Garmin gets a big award for ease of use with this . I just stuck the Micro-SD Card into my Garmin Nuvi and it was ready to go . When I landed in Brazil it immediately recognized where I was . AWESOME.We visited a number of places on our trip , including Rio , Salvador and some areas way off the grid -LRB- Lencois in the Chapada Diamantina -RRB- . I have to say , the further you get out of the big cities , the less accurate this get . For instance , if I had truly followed the directions to Lencois -LRB- a tiny town 6 hours inland from Salvador -RRB- , I would not have made it . But it was able to keep me going on the major roads until I encountered signs alerting me to the correct turnoff.If you 're trying to get into Pelourinho in Salvador , this unit is a little bit of a disaster because it 's surrounded by above-ground highways but the unit assumes everything is on the same level . The beauty of the GPS units is if you keep driving it keeps recalculating and you eventually get where you want to go . The description only promised detailed maps in Rio , Belo and Sao Paulo , so I could n't fault it too much.Directions in Rio were pretty flawless as promised . I have always been incredibly stressed out driving in Rio since the roads are incredible confusing . This unit helped take 90 % of the stress away -LRB- Rio drivers kept it 10 % stressful ! -RRB- . I will never drive in Rio without it again . It gave us a lot of confidence to explore new areas of Rio we 've always been afraid to visit simply because we were worried about getting there . This paid for itself over and over again on our trip !
 I purchased this add-on a few weeks before first driving over in the UK - Scotland to be exact -LRB- I 'm from the US , never driven on the left-side of the road before -RRB- . It arrived over a week before I left . I fiddled with it before I left the US . The only harrowing issue occurred when I first got off my plane in Edinburgh - my Garmin could n't pick up a signal . Turns out that no GPS 's pick up a signal right near the airport . By the time I got to the rental car , the signal was there , as were the Scottish roads and directions to my first destination . This add-on was fantastic - really essential and alleviated the stress of driving in the UK -LRB- especially the windy Scottish countryside -RRB- for the first-time . Perfect for roundabouts if you 're not used to them -LRB- tells you ' 1st exit , second exit , ' etc -RRB- . And whenever I was in a town or village where I wanted to do some sight-seeing or walk around , I turned the Garmin to ` pedestrian ' mode and found all kinds of places to eat , shop , drink , and visit . One should n't be that excited over technology , but honestly this little add-on made my time in Scotland even more enjoyable . Highly recommend , especially for ignorant Americans like myself who are first-time UK drivers !
 The chip is a well worthwhile investment , I was able to get mine for a great price , and made my traveling so much easier , From Germany to Austria to Poland/Slovakia/Czech , also was in Switzerland , no matter where I was throughout my trip the card was such a help . With rest area places to stop and eat , hotels/motels , and most of my traveling was on the highway but in the smaller countries like Slovakia the new updated map was amazing ... I was suprised that in those small towns I was still able to get navigation help from the chip . 5 stars without any doubt at all : -RRB-
 I 've never used a GPS unit before , but with a two-week driving trip to the UK coming up , I thought it would be a useful tool . I was wrong ; it was an INDISPENSIBLE tool . We got the UK map add-on , popped it in and we were ready to go . We changed it over to the British voice for fun and was a god-send . Seriously , if I could give this thing 10 stars I would.It saved my life on numerous occasions and lowered the stress level of driving in an unfamiliar country -LRB- on the left side of the road , with roundabouts instead of intersections , driving late at night and on rural roads ! -RRB- to a minimum.One time we ran into some emergency construction work in Cardiff and we were unable to turn where it was directing us . However , it recalculated quickly and we arrived at our destination only a few minutes later.What I wanted was something to get me from A to B in one piece with a minimum of stress . This did the trick and then some . Considering that without this map we would STILL be wasting our vacation time arguing over paper maps and missed turns and trying to figure out the unfamiliar UK road system this little guy was worth twice the price I paid for it .
 This little SD card saved our vacation . Typically we tend to rely on maps and self navigation , and it makes for a tense vacation when we 're arguing over roads that are n't there , places that are impossible to find , etc. . This time , we bought the SD card for my Garmin nuvi 660 . This little gem got us to the most remote areas of southern England imaginable ! Not one of our coastal locations was a problem to find . In one case , we stayed in a `` town '' that was literally three houses amid the moors . No road signs , one-lane roads , and no problem at all with this map ! It 's worth every cent . We found another retailer who sold it for much much less , but knowing what I know now , I 'd not hesitate to pay what retailers here are asking for it !
 When traveling inItaly this summer , the Garmin European NT maps was indispensable to help get in and out of those cities with smal streets and difficult addreses . It helped us get everywhere . On occaisin , it did not pick the best route . It did however , have a great knowledge base of places to go and other items .
 The card worked great with my Garmin Nuvi . I simply inserted it in the SD slot and that 's all you need to do . I was concerned initially the Nuvi did n't recognize the card so I e mailed and then called the garmin technical support staff . Turns out I was n't zooming in enough on my screen to have all the road detail appear.The card worked just as well in Europe as it does in the US . I love my Nuvi .
 I seriously debated whether purchasing this card was justified for a trip to London , especially when the Nuvi would only be used in pedestrian mode . It was money well spent . Time is valuable when you are trying to see as much as you can , and countless times I used my Nuvi with this card to navigate the streets . The card contained some of the markers for the monuments in Hyde Park . You could zoom out and see the side streets to navigate to the closest tube station . Nuvi never lost a signal on the downtown streets either . The four star rating is only because I can not vouch for its directions while driving , as I only used it in pedestrian mode .
 I just returned from a trip to the Alps , and this Europe street map card proved an invaluable asset . Essentially , it makes the Nuvi as useful in Europe as it is in the U.S. Aside from some laughably bad pronunciation -LRB- which was quite entertaining in its own right -RRB- , this add-on is spot-on accurate - from big crowded cities to remote alpine roads . Highly recommended .
 I have only used the European maps once for a week in Koln on business . The card was `` plug & play '' - worked flawless . It has the same features as the North American maps . I used it for driving , walking and also in a taxi . The later was probably the best feature ; I speak little German and fortunately most German 's are gracious enough to help me along in English . One taxi driver spoke as much English as I spoke German , so we looked at each other for a few helpless seconds . I pulled out the Nuvi360 put my destination in , changed the language to Deutsch . The taxi driver laughed , then smiled and we were off .
 The card worked great in my NUVI 350 all over Italy . I could not have made it without this item because the streets of Tuscany are quite unique . There are few maps detailed enough to be of use . This saved me a lot of time and frustration on vacation .
 Just returned from 10 days in Italy and the maps on the Data Card were great . A few mis-turns based on a bad route , but I could count on getting to my destination.I recommend this for anyone that wants to navigate europe easily without concerns .
 My title is really a reflection of the NUVI , not the card . The card provided detailed map and location information for the 10 European countries I visited in July . I could find museums , pubs , art galleries and theaters with details on how to get there with , of course , voice instructions . So the card was good . One needs to recognize that the Nuzi is designed to be used while moving and in particularly moving in a car . My use as a foot tourist caused it not to work super good . When one is standing still the unit ca n't really know where north is and hence figuring our a direction is a little tough . On the narrow streets of London , Bruges , etc sometimes it put you on the wrong street ... this is to be expected with GPS accuracy . We ended up using it in conjuction with a hand held map and it was a good adjunct . It was a lot of fun on our cruise boat as we could see our speed , direction and identify the nearby land . Just remember that for 300 bucks it is an expensive toy unless you are driving , in which case it will be great . After reading this maybe I should change to title to great .
 Bought this SD software for a recent trip to central Tuscany , Italy . Operated right from the start at home and was able to pre-plan various treks even before leaving the U.S. I have a nuvi 350 , and the combination of CN Europe and the nuvi enabled perfect driving to and from my various visit points . It does show all the roads , big and small , and even when I thought it was wrong , it was right !! With a little research and the Garmin system , I was able to navigate from Rome to Tuscany to a small town , my accomodations and various sights . I heartily recommend the Garmin system of GPS and software to all travelers !!!
 The Garmin Navigator SD Data Card for all of Europe is great - we travelled through Great Britain -LRB- Wales and England -RRB- , Northern France -LRB- Calais to Cahmapagne region -RRB- , Belgium and South of France -LRB- Cote D'Azur -RRB- without a problem . It kept us straight for ONE WAY STREETS , ROUNDABOUTS , ETC. . The only problem we had was getting the time set correct for the different time zones.For taking the headaches out of driving in Europe - this is a GREAT addition to any GARMIN GPS if travelling in Europe .
 We recently drove through the northern lakes area of Italy and found the gps an invaluable tool for us particularly because street names are not always detectable in Europe . It not only helped with finding our location but was also helpful in planning how long to allow for us to get to our destination . An essential if one plans to drive on their own on a European vacation !
 This map set is fine but as others have pointed out , you get either too little detail from the basemap and then suddenly when you go in beyond 5 miles you get too much detail from the mapset . On a car navigation unit like the excellent Nuvi 760 -LRB- Hertz NeverLost system -RRB- this is not an issue , but if you are using a handheld personal hiking unit it is very irritating , for example the Garmin CSx 60 . It limits the usefulness as a map.Also I noticed that on the N13 in Normandy some of the interchanges had been redesigned and the map was out of date . And the POI was really out of date . Otherwise though , you have be touched in the head not to travel with a NAV unit in Europe as you will waste time and money not finding locations . Also , navigating around road closures is much easier and this happens in France all the time . Money well spent !
 This data card made it easy to get back on course after going through construction areas and detours , etc. . If you miss your planned turn , the unit recalculates and you do n't need to worry . We did get on one brand new section of road that has n't been added to the map yet , but it was n't a problem , since the card let us readjust when we got back to the old roads .
 GARMIN 010-10887-00 City Navigator Europe NTI would have wanted to be sure before the purchase , that it will work on my Garmin N&uuml;vi 660 . -LRB- Discontinued Model -RRB- . As it turned out it seems to work.Once I come back from Europe this Summer I will have a more detailed Opinion.Thank you ,
 I purchased this sd card for a trip I had planned to Scotland . This little SD card was the best thing I bought for this trip . We spent 3 weeks driving around Scotland and it always got us to our chosen destination . If it hadnt been for this little card we would have never been able to see as much as we did . Having the GPS took allot of stress out of driving in a foreign country . I also used it in pedestrian mode while we were in edinburgh to get to places there . My husband and I would have never survived our trip still speaking to each other without this wonderful tool . If you are planning a trip and you will be driving just spend the money and enjoy your trip . It is the best money you will ever spend .
 We just used our Garmin Streetpilot C340 with the Europe maps fortwo weeks . Our tour included the cities of Amsterdam , Brussels , Paris and Geneva . I would have been lost without our GPS . The major roadsand highways are generally well marked from city to city . Once yougo into the cities or looking for specific address this is the way to go.I would never travel without a GPS . The maps were about as accurate asthe US maps and POI was good . The real joy is not to worry about lookingfor street names or where to turn . Our only issue was in the city with narrow streets and loss of signal , but this happens in anywhere . Cost vs. peace of mind -- It 's not cheap driving in Europe . Just program your locations and have fun touring Europe .
 VERY GOOD PRODUCT , BEST WAY TO NAVIGATE EUROPE , SAVES TIME AND MANY VERY USEFUL FEATURES . MUST HAVE
 Used this on a week long trip to France in October 07 . Went to Normandy , Mont St. Michel , Chinon , Chambord , and back through Paris . Was very useful , and saved us the nightmare that we encountered using paper maps through Ireland.The female voice that we use on the Garmin did struggle some with the pronunciation of the street names , although I use the visual turns on the unit more , especially on the roundabouts . Had no issues getting anywhere with this card.I do n't know what I would have done without it while driving through France . It saved me some serious stress time in driving .
 I 'm currently in Schwienfurt , Germany and I wanted to put the card and the Garmin NUVI 350 to the test . I would drive to various towns in an `` attempt '' to get lost -LRB- thats `` guy speak '' for I 'm really lost , but wo n't admit it -RRB- and find my way back to the town and the place that I was staying . So , I would hook up the system and after a few errors -LRB- I made wrong turns just so I could get it to recalculate ... right ! -RRB- it got me out of the town and home . I would just add destinations , but had no real address and it got me there . I tried the other features and they worked to some degree . Reasturants were lacking . I think its best to ask people where to eat and rely on additional resources to identify attractions/sights to see , but over all this is a great addition . I didnn ' t have to do anything but slide the card in and I was ready to go . Worth what I paid.One suggestion is to practice going short distances initially to get the feel of how it gives direction .
 I have a Garmin LMT 1450 . Unfortunately there is not enough memory built into the GPS to hold these maps and the US , so I got the SD card . I installed it before I went on my trip to the UK/Ireland and the maps came up , no problemo . However , I ran into problems when I tested it again in London prior to driving the following week in Scotland . It would not synch with the satellites . I check for a solution online and found that I needed a clear view of the sky . I walked to a park and waited until the battery ran out without any luck.I then called Garmin UK support and was told that I had to clear all user data if I wanted the unit to work in Europe . And I would have to do that again when I went back to the US . This would cause the Garmin to find the local satellites . Unfortunately your home address and recently found locations are erased as well . This information is not sent with the maps and should be!Here is the procedure on my unit , look at your manual under Erase User Data to find out your secret way to reset the Garmin to the local satellites :1 . Turn off your Nuvi .2 . Hold your finger on the lower right corner of the Nuvi screen while turning on the Nuvi . Keep your screen finger pressed until the pop up window appears . May take 30 seconds , so be patient with that finger . You will be prompted whether do you really want to erase all user data , or asked if do you really want to start up in maintenance mode .3 . Press `` Yes '' to clear all user data.I did that and when the unit came back on it synched up in about 10 minutes or so . After that it behaved as it did in the US , usually ready almost immediately.So how was the map experience ? Very , very good . Literally all roads but one came up and that was a fairly new 20 mile section of expressway in Ireland . It almost always took us the fast way . The arrival time estimates were always too optimistic as the posted speeds on those small roads in Scotland and Ireland were begging for a head on accident . Often the speed limit was 60 mph on a two way road with blind turns , overgrown stone walls on both sides and farm tractors zipping your way.Roundabout directions were very good with a lot of advance notice . `` Roundabout in one half mile . '' Sometimes a roundabout had a blocked road that had never been finished and you had to guess whether to count it when it told you to , `` Enter roundabout and take third exit . `` A couple of tips for roundabouts .1 . Most large roundabouts have two lanes going in . If the unit tells you to take the second or third exit , it is usually better to be in the right lane , because the left lane is often dedicated to the first exit .2 . It is pretty reliable to count the exits to get the right one using the Garmin . But a good double check is to glance at your unit -LRB- or ask your copilot -RRB- and see what road you should be taking next as you exit the roundabout . The roundabouts are incredibly well signed with very clear arrows . Just look for the arrow going towards the road the Garmin tells you to be on , count the exits and take the one leading to your next road . Piece of cake even in large cities.We drove in Edinburg , Dublin , Galway , etc. and felt comfortable that the unit worked well and the maps were almost 100 % correct.We found one major error as the unit could not find Bunratty , a popular little town in Ireland . -LRB- Best Irish coffee ever at the Bunratty Hotel ! and try the Lamb Stew at Durty Nelly 's pub across the street from the Castle . -RRB- Also , I did not find how to enter latitude/longitude coordinates into our system . I suggest you figure that out because many small hotels or B&B s ; do n't have addresses you can enter . Often they use a nearby town and perhaps a road . Or their websites will list the lat/long . Overall these maps greatly reduced our stress level about driving in the UK .
 This worked great all over Ireland including all the small back roads.And all I had to do was push it in and it started working . No real installation required .
 This little chip saved us so much money and so much stress on our Europe vacation . If we would not have survived driving in Europe or walking around the towns without this . We always marked our starting destination and then went walking around the cities . We always were able to find what we were looking for and get back to where we needed to be . I would recommend this to anyone going to Europe . Also , it is almost $ 20 a day to rent a garmin in Europe , so this was a way cheaper option .
 I purchased this card for an upcoming trip to Norway . I installed the card in my Garmin GPS and it immediately became available - viewed several placed in Europe and typed in several addresses for reserved hotels . The addresses were located immediately . I marked these and will use on the trip . I expect the map to work well .
 We are going to the United Kingdom for a week and was renting a car . I got the detailed map for my Garmin and for less then the price of renting a GPS from the rental company , I have my own . It loaded easily and recognized the addresses that I imputed . Hope driving on the left side of the road is a easy as this is !
 Great price for all you get ! It 's even better than the one my friend purchased for $ 100 . I definitely recommend !
 This chip was absolutely worth it 's weight in gold . Actually , more than that . We would have been hopelessly lost on numerous occasions without the GPS , and the European chip was phenominal . If you put in shortest distance for a route , this guy will take you over hill and dale and on roads only barely wide enough for a small car , so it 's best to use fastest route or , as we did , put in towns that are near to your present location and a road that you wish to travel . We also used the GPS while walking , and it worked flawlessly . I will never travel again without the GPS . Friends that we visited in Germany were awed by the accuracy of the GPS and are going to buy one .
 I purchased the Garmin City Navigator Europe for a trip to Ireland . It was definitely a good investment . Driving without it would have been a nerve wracking experience . It quickly recalculated a missed turn , and had all the little lanes and roads on the map . My only complaint is that when I loaded it after purchase -LRB- 9/2009 -RRB- , it said that it was not the most current version , and that I should update on the Garmin website . I did n't bother to do that , and on the trip I found myself on some new roads that were n't on the map . It did n't cause me any trouble , but I would recommend updating for anyone who buys this product .
 The Euro version of the Garmin worked well for us in France - with the same caveats as US - GPS can put you in major cities when you should be avoiding them , particularly during rush hour.After a confusing issue returning to US , my wife called and found out how to re-boot the Garmin and we got it to work back home again .
 We purchased the Garmin Nuvi 660 fourteen months prior to our current trip and felt that it has become an essential tool for American travels . So , we had no hesitation to purchase the City Navigator Europe NT . During fifteen days usage , we spent approximately 80 % of the time in rural areas of France , Switzerland , and Germany . In rural roundabouts , the next village or town is noted on the sign posts , but the Garmin referenced the landmarks as street names or route numbers . For this reason , I reduced the rating from five to four stars ; otherwise , we were very satisfied . The detour feature was valuable , and the traffic delay warnings saved us several times .
 I bought this US/Canada card for our Garmin Nuvi that was purchased in Hong Kong and it worked perfectly ! What a lifesaver when driving in a new area .
 Bought this Europe card as a present for my son for use on his trip to Ireland . He stated that he plugged it in and drove all over Ireland with no problems . Hee said it was great .
 The card is truly `` plug and play . '' But a few directions would have helped . Neither the card , no the owner 's manual with the GPS gave any instructions as to what had to be done to install the card.But literally , once you figured it out , it was really `` plug and Play . ''
 works very fine in Brazil . But to search is better know the name of the places you want to go .
 `` Sylvia '' as our navigator is named , loves to find some of the narrowest streets to get from point A to point B. However , she is always right and only locals know more direct ways of getting places .
 We used the Garmin City Navigator NT SD Data Card on a recent trip to Scotland and Normandy . We had no diffuculy finding any of our destinations in the very rural areas we visited in both these countries . The card had an amazing amount of information , found the smallest of country lanes and gave us information about restaurants and attractions , even in tiny country villages . We could not have traveled with as much ease and confidence without it .
 We are on the Italian Rivera right now ; we just did a whirlwind tour of Tuscany ; yesteray we went to Pienza ; with the chip and a Nuvi 350 we drove right to it ; with a map , you 'd never find it ; this thing is amazing ; set to pedestrian mode it walked us to the AMEX office in Florence , up on way streets the wrong way as it knew we were on foot . Typical
 The card arrived in 2 days ! When I arrived in Europe , I just plugged it in and was navigating within 2 minutes . It worked perfect .
 This map along with the NUVI 200 saves our lives every day in Sao Paulo , and also our marriage.We realy on it to go almost anywhere , just type in the address and it takes us right where we want to go . Only led us astray once in 6 months -LRB- two roads with the same name -RRB- . Sao Paulo is a huge jumble of streets and can be impossible to find an address for kids birthday parties , other events.Doesn ' t alway take us the fastest way throught the city , but we get there with very few wrong turns . Almost all of the one way streets are correctly identified as well.Outside of SP it is useless . Hopefully Version 4 will be even better !
 Could not be simpler . Plug the SD card in and it works ! Shipping was fast . Garmin advised me that new maps were coming out next month -LRB- should be out by the time you 're reading this -RRB- but these are very current ... at least for Raleigh and NC.I have a Tomtom Rider and tried to get maps for Europe before we left on vacation . After 3 weeks I still did not have my maps so we bought the Garmin Nuvi in Rome . It 's awesome ! Ordered these North American maps when we got home and got them in two days .
 Used the expansion memory card in Gdansk , Poland ; Frankfurt , Germany ; Paris , France ; Birmingham , Luton , and Brighton , UK.Excellent for walking around each city , especially when lost and trying to return to a hotel in central Paris . It does take a little longer to acquire the satellites after changing countries , but once the location is set , the GPS was flawless.I discussed some of the Parisian restaurants that were displayed in the POI list with various hotel and brasserie staff , and the lists were current and spot on.I will never travel abroad without the Garmin - reliable and very convenient .
 I bought it for someone traveling to the UK and they were very pleased with the map . . it was used in a Garmin Nuvi 680 .
 We used this card in our Garmin during a recent 10 day trip to Ireland . We drove over 1400 miles and it kept us from getting lost numerous times . Our only criticisms are that , as tourists , it would have been nice to have directions to more attractions and that it tended to take us on very narrow roads when there was sometimes a much better road going to the same destination . After a few days , we routinely checked its directions against the map . It was , however , invaluable driving through cities and towns and I would definitely use it again .
 I bought this SD Card for one of my friends in Brazil . He is right now very happy while using it with a Garmin nuvi 1300 . It makes really a great pair . Very good value for money .
 The operation is perfect for some Brazilian cities , especially So Paulo , with identification of radar , and many other points of interest . Installation is simple , just put it in and out using GPS . Very good ! Thanks !
 The Garmin Citz Navigator Data Card that I ordered for my nuvi760 is working perfectly . I am presently in Germany and it has shown me the correct way wherever I have wanted to go . I can say it is idiot proof .
 The data card worked flawlessly from Farnkfurt to Bramberg and throught out the city and the to Austria.Thanks
 We have just returned from 2 weeks of driving in France . The European SD card with the Europe maps for our Nuvi 260 was the best travel investment we made . I was able to drive with the confidence that if lost I could count on the GPS -LRB- we nicknamed the voice Molly -RRB- to get us to our hotel or our goal that day . Also it made driving in Paris to return our car far less stressful . If you are driving in Europe I would strongly recommend one . They were offered with our rental car for an extra $ 20 a day so the investment in our own was worth it.Monte Montana
 Very useful product throughout the southern German countyside . Showed amazing detail and saved quite a bit of time getting around . A must have if you are directionally challenged .
 There were times where it was difficult to get the satellite reception near tall buildings but it made it nice to walk around the town -LRB- London -RRB- when we had the reception .
 The chip came fast as promised -LRB- even over the xmas rush -RRB- . I had to get Garmin Tech Support to get me up and running -LRB- said it was plug and plug -RRB- , but due to the fact you could dupe/copy this card , you have to call Garmin to unlock it . If you are Canada , you have to pay the `` LD '' , but tell the Receptionist at Garmin and she will put you to the front of the Cue . We are going to Europe this summer , that is when I really want/need the City Navigator to work .
 Perfeito pra quem mora no Brasil e traz o GPS de fora.Funciona muito bem , pode comprar sem medo .
 This is why you really need a portable GPS Navigator.Going on vacation in europe and this will make my life so much easier!I have used it before and knowing you will never get lost when you are away from home , makes vacation so relaxing and stress free !
 Simply the best Garmin City nav ever it found everything we asked for everytime , in the US and Canada , city or one-horse town . It even showed loging roads in the Algonquin that had n't been used in years and were completely overgrown - and it would navigate you there . You can use this SD card on any number of hand units , having used it on my Oregon and my eTrex . Outstanding !!!
 The maps work well in my Garmin Nuvi 350 . This was a nice transaction .
 Works perrfect in Brazil . In Recife , where I live , its poor regarding restaurants/POI . Delivered quickly .
 I used my Nuvi 200 with these maps in Spain , France , and Italy over the past two weeks . The maps were always accurate , and the POIs were fairly easy to search despite language barriers . I often had difficulty getting my unit to find the satellites , but I do n't fault the maps for that . Just be aware that my unit had much greater difficulty getting signal in Europe than it 's ever had here - your experience may vary .
 The Garmin City Navigator SD data card for Europe was an excellent addition to my garmin . The maps were up to date and I had no problem navigating around Germany using the Data Card . Great buy !! Jim
 Was very useful Germany . It guided us around roundabouts , and even had tiny one lane farm roads in it . Was not entirely up to date but that did n't cause any problems . Can set the Garmin to `` pedestrian '' to use in the city .
 The City Navigator worked perfectly on our recent trip to Spain . It got every road right and found all the shortcuts . There are two issues
 Worked flawlessly and simply on my Nuvi 350 on recent trip to Germany . Very little to add to reviews provided . Used both in car and as pedestrian . Devices like these are indispensable when traveling .
 I recently purchased the Garmin USA SD card maps for a trip to America . What a great product . It plugged straight into my device and worked instantly allowing me to travel exactly where I needed to go . It was so prescise with it 's directions that it lead me to the door of the addresses I had put in . I am very impressed with this product and highly recommend it to anyone .
 I JUST GOT BACK FROM SPAIN AND WE WOULD NOT HAVE ABLE TO SEE WHAT WE DID WITHOUT THE GPS HELP . WE WOULD NOT EVEN HAVE FOUND THE RESORT THAT WE WERE AT WITHOUT IT . I WAS THANKFUL TO HAVE THE INFORMATION THAT THE CARD PROVIDED . IT MADE LIVE MUCH EASIER .
 We went to Spain and had used this product . It was very helpful in keeping us in our direction and schedule as well ...
 Brought my Garmin Nuvi to Austria with a Europe card in it . Honestly , it made my trip so much better . First , I did n't have to keep referring to maps or stopping for directions . And ... I never got lost ! Well , once , but for a 2 week trip ... that 's pretty good.Also , because the Nuvi goes into pedestrian mode , when I parked our car , I was able to save it in Favorites and easily find my way back when the time came . But as for having the Europe card , it was so much more productive to know exactly where to walk to see different sites.Also , the sights and restaurant suggestions were pretty good and up to date.One criticism is that sometimes when I put in a smaller town to drive to , there were several towns with the same name and while I could logically figure out which one I wanted by the distance , some of the regions and countries were mentioned in foreign languages which made it confusing . In other words , all of a sudden , when they would name the country the town was in , they would use the Austrian word for `` Austria '' for no apparent reason at all . A minor disturbance forA product that really helped me travel.Myles
 The product worked great - I jumped from country to country - it took the Satellites a bit to catch up , but the product worked well . I had preprogrammed my locations before arrival and had no problem navigating Germany , France & remote areas of Scotland .
 This card is great got me and wife all over england and ireland with no problems
 This product was excellent ! We flew to Geneva , plugged it in and off we went . We drop around Switzerland , then headed to Paris , with stops at French castles along the way and thank goodness we had the GPS ! If you miss a round about , it easily recalculates . I love my Nuvi and this was a great extension to an already fabulous investment . I 'd highly recommend it . We also used it in London .
 I have only used this within the city of Sao Paulo , but it works ! The only fault I 've found is that , sometimes , it will bring you to the correct point in the road , but expect you to turn left to reach your destination , which is mostly not allowed on many majors roads ... requiring a sometimes lengthy detour .
 January 2007 . We used this in Lisbon , Madrid and Barcelona in pedestrian mode , and on a 2 hour drive in Spain . It takes a lot longer to acquire satellites than it does in the US , and it had trouble getting them at all if there was not a clear view of the sky . When it does , it works well , though the maps do not include smaller streets and the maps are not up to date with some of the newer road construction . When it has a clear view of the satellites it is very accurate.Overall , it was useful and gave good directions . I would recommend it if you dont mind supporting Garmin 's bottom line to the tune of $ $ $ $ .
 I used it is Spain , and I have to admit that it is very good . The maps are very well updated , and even in the small streets of Valencia it was very accurate . However , it is not as well updated as the US maps are , so I ca n't give it 5 stars . For example , do n't expect to find all the restaurants that you will look for , or do n't expect to find all sightseeing places through Garmin . The oldest and most accurate way to get around is by asking . : -RRB-
 My wife and I , like so many others , hesitated at spending several hundred dollars for the Europe maps . But after a 4 hour drive into London , where streets swerve crazily , roundabouts are numerous , and street name signs are non-existant , we quickly realized that this was a life saver.Later in our trip , we headed to Bath , England for our bed and breakfast location . Garmin and the maps took us right to the front door with just the postal code to guide us . The owners told us that no one before had a GPS that took them to their place . The other car that was meeting us there spent 1.75 hours trying to find their way around Bath to the location ... and were so frazzled they never saw any of the city!If you go to Europe and wonder if the maps are worth it , believe me they are . Is n't arrival at your destination with you and your wife still happy worth $ 200 ??
 `` Sylvia '' as our navigator is named , loves to find some of the narrowest streets to get from point A to point B. However , she is always right and only locals know more direct ways of getting places .
 We used the Garmin City Navigator NT SD Data Card on a recent trip to Scotland and Normandy . We had no diffuculy finding any of our destinations in the very rural areas we visited in both these countries . The card had an amazing amount of information , found the smallest of country lanes and gave us information about restaurants and attractions , even in tiny country villages . We could not have traveled with as much ease and confidence without it .
 We 've had the NUVI 660 since the end of June and have used it extensively all over the U.S. I bought the Europe card to use on a recent business trip to Eastern Germany . It worked like a charm and was very accurate . I 'd still be lost in Munich wtihout it . The card was expensive -- way more than I anticipated -- but it has paid for itself already .
 Extremely helpful on our recent trip to Spain . The data base was not quite as current as I had hoped it would be .
 I just got back from Europe ... The maps worked perfectly . I so not know how I ever traveled without it.What a delight to have had along . Eased my mind .
 I am from England and travel on business and vacation in the USA . This USA map for my Garmin Sat Nav has been fantastic . It has saved me lots of time and hassle . Recomended .
 This really takes the stress out of driving in Europe . You miss a turn , it tells you how to recover , no matter what the one-way streets , etc. . Worth every penny ! Some inaccuracies with newer roads , but nothing that really interferes with its functionality . We used it very successfully in Italy and in Germany . Buy it if you 're driving in unfamiliar areas .
 Just returned from a three week trip to England where we travelled much of the time in Norfolk and Suffolk to trace ancestry . The Garmin City Navigator Detailed Maps microcard was the best purchase that we made . Easy to follow directions especially on very small back country roads giving us peace of mind in arriving safely at each destination . I highly recommend this microcard for ease of travel resulting in a more enjoyable vacation
 The software worked great and got to our destination without much difficulty . The only `` problem '' that we experienced involved the English pronunciation of Italian names , which made identifying some streets a challenge . Overall worth the cost .
 We have two `` special '' grandsons . One has Asberger 's Syndrone and the other is Autistic . One of the things that both of these boys love is trains . This game will probably have to be replaced at some point because they play is so much when they are here . We are so fortunate that there are special ed programs that are helping these kids so much . They are great guys and we love them to pieces . This is an excellent source of pleasure for them . Also train videos and we take them to model railroad museums and on as many train rides as we can . We are really lucky to have these boys . And they are so fortunate for what is out there for them . Trains being a BIG thing .
 My 2.5 year old and I love this software . Bear has so many levels and activities that it is truly the only one -LRB- thus far -RRB- that my husband and I do n't get bored with ourselves . Bear and his friends are extremely interactive , leaving a young child with the impression that these characters really do come alive right in your home!With so many games , exploratory activities , and pop-ups there is always something new . We have had this software for nearly 2 months now and still find something new in it from time to time.Pip n ' pops matching game is PERFECT for teaching the youngest users about mouse usage and point and click.We especially liked that elements from the program such as `` Oh hello you smell like ... '' and Luna and the goodbye sequence are featured here . Toddlers do love that repetition!I highly recommend this software to anyone who has a child who loves Bear in the Big Blue House . In fact , it is such fun software with a wide variety of activities that I think even children who never watch the show would enjoy the characters just on their own merit in the software .
 My girls 7 & 21/2 just love this , they have a ball playing it and the opening song and video is just like on the show ...
 Jump Start Spanish is a very good game for my daughter . She loves it and I am glad that I but this for her .
 Great program , this is a older computer program , still works great and it a huge plus . I use it for my daycare children and they love it and have learn the basics of Spanish !
 Each year , I 've had several students want to join my Spanish classes in January , meaning , after a semester of classes has already passed . I am always hesitant to allow this , because the new students are so far behind the other students in their Spanish speaking ability . I know now , that if the parents say `` We do Jumpstart Spanish , '' then most likely , they will be able to join in quite easily!The accent is good , the teaching methods are effective , and the software runs smoothly and keeps the child engaged . Motivation is KEY for language retention.The new students do not , of course , have the breadth of vocabulary when they miss the first semester , but they are able to join in conversations and games without feeling stunted in their basic understanding of Spanish.I personally prefer one-on-one learning , or group -LRB- the interaction between humans just ca n't be reproduced by a computer , no matter how good it is -RRB- , but as far as software goes , I do recommend this as a good , solid computer learning tool for Spanish as a second language.Sra . GoseMother , Teacher , AuthorFlip Flop Spanish Series
 I purchased this for myself , an over 55 traveler , for help before a trip where we went to Spain and later to Mexico . I did not need a conversational Spanish class , I just wanted to be able to `` get-by '' , and time was of the essence . IT is wonderful . This year one of my grandsons has a mandatory Spanish class . They just moved to NC from NH -LRB- where Spanish was not required in middle school -RRB- , and he is having problems picking up the language from scratch . I KNOW THIS WILL HELP . It is fun and actually makes you want to learn and earn `` aquarium items '' . Thank youGrammy
 This is an exciting program . It teaches numbers ; things in the bathroom , kitchen , bedroom , and living room . It teaches body parts and colors . It teaches clothing and even some simple conversational topics like Hi how are you ? What is the weather like ? Feelings , etc.There is counting and clicking and matching and hide and seek and coloring and dress up and music etc.When the children get 5 stars they get to pick something for their aquarium.It is a great introduction . It will not teach children full Spanish , but it will give a good start.Plus as an added bonus it can be switched to learn English instead and the Instructions come in French , German , English , or Spanish .
 We purchased this computer program about 2 months ago for our 31/2 year-old daughter . This program has gotten her excited again about learning Spanish . She used to take a class taught at her preschool by an outside teacher , but the classes were cancelled . Before buying this program , she complained when I spoke to her in Spanish . She doe n't like the extra work to understand me and she is a bit of a perfectionist and complains that she `` ca n't '' say the words . Having Hopsalot the rabbit teach her removes some of the pressure . The activities remind her of her Reader Rabbit program -LRB- we do n't own yet the JumpStart programs , but I may look at them now -RRB- . She loves the songs . She was driving Mom and Dad crazy singing the `` De Colores '' song over and over again , and asked Mom to show her the song in a Spanish songbook we have . She has n't learned all the days of the week yet -LRB- she already knew her numbers in Spanish -RRB- , but she asks me to sing the song to her in both Spanish and English , and she now learned all the days of the week in English . She still does not know enough Spanish for me to worry yet about the lack of grammar and conversation in the program . My only complaint , is that when you click on an item , it says the word , and a box with the word appears , but then disappears too quickly to repeat the word aloud without having to click on the word again . I had asked my daughter to repeat the words aloud , and I had to click on the buttons for her so she could see the text while repeating a word . My daughter could not click the computer mouse fast enough in this situation . It meant that when she was exploring the house or the neighboorhood , I had to be there with her while she played the game . She was able to do the coloring , video and radio activities all by herself . Like the other reviewer I would urge JumpStart should try to get a new product out , with interactive every-day conversation -LRB- Greetings and introductions , school and home phrases , Please and Thank You , etc -RRB- . Perhaps at some point they could also do a Phonics program in Spanish !
 This was the first program I bought for my daughter -LRB- then nearly 4 -RRB- to start teaching her some Spanish . I was impressed even from the beginning , but did not truly appreciate it until I tried to branch out into additional programs for her . I have bought a number of other kids ' Spanish programs and been hideously disappointed by all of them . Nothing even comes close to Jumpstart 's . Jumpstart Spanish is bright and lively . The best thing about it is its continual rewards . Kids get immediate rewards for correct choices in the form of cute actions on screen . They are rewarded again with stars for completing sections , and are motivated to keep collecting stars because they can use them to put fish in an aquarium . If they do n't get the right answer , the program is very gentle in telling them , and if they miss repeatedly it lights up the correct choice for them to pick . -LSB- ... , -RSB- I see it as a great feature . It lets kids jump in and play without undue frustration or negativity , and lets them learn as they go . Yes , they can guess their way to a star , but I think being shown the answer lets them learn that answer better than it would to let them get more confused with endless wrong choices . This is after all software for young children!The main drawback to this program is that it really only teaches nouns . Kids learn colors , days of the week , household items , articles of clothing , body parts , and things around the neighborhood . They may pick up some phrases from the directions and praises given , but they really do n't learn and grammar or sentences -LRB- hence my search for more programs -RRB- . Here 's hoping Jumpstart is working on `` Spanish 2 '' ...
 I read one review from Oakland and she said the sound was muffled . Well it must be your hardware because my kids who are 3 , 5 , and 7ys old can understand and repeat everything . They just love it . They spend hours on the computer listening to Spanish . I really like the vocabulary as well as the fact that they ask questions in spanish so they can also learn how to ask a question as well as answer it . It is great . I 've tried many spanish tapes and software and this is the only one that they were really interested in using .
 My daughter has this software and she loves it . It basically teaches the names of objects we see and use each day . It also teaches some basic phrases like , `` My name is ... , and What time is it ... etc. '' . It does n't get into any type of grammer or sentence structures . You can set it so the directions are given in English or other different languages . You can also switch the game and have it all play in English first , then switch it to SPanish . My daughter is 3-1/2 and she can do this herself , so that should say how easy it is for a preschooler to use . It uses songs and music to learn the days of the week , months of the year , numbers , etc. . I would definitely recommend this for both English-speaking children who want to learn Spanish , and for Spanish-speaking children whose parents want a good learning game in their own language to help speech development and learning the basics in their own language .
 The program is well made -LRB- for the most part -RRB- . The numbers section gets a bit slow , but other then that , I like it . It 's Latin American Spanish . This is great , if you 're taking a Spanish class , and want to expand you vocabulary . The conversation section is poor . The Click and explore stuff is much better . Learn the items in the bathroom , the bedroom , the kitchen , den , clothes , buildings around town , days of the week , and body parts . They even have a little game machine where you can test yourself on ANY category , instead of clicking on the doll house , or the map , or something else . It says everything in English after saying it in Spanish , and it displays the spelling of the word . I got it for Mac . The sound seems fine . I use it on my ibook , while I 'm doing laundry , or waiting around between classes.Use this program in conjunction with `` Spanish for The Real World '' , these two make up for each others flaws .
 I have a 3 year old and she 's been using Jumpstart Spanish since she was 2.5 years old . She just loves it , it keeps her entertained in a productive way . The colors , sound , graphics , songs , and characters are excellent . The only section of the program I am not satisfied with is the conversation section . My daughter does not seem to mind it though . She enjoys coloring and singing songs and playing games that teach her because it 's so interactive . The BEST part of all this is that she is her Spanish is getting better and better ! I like this program so much that it will be my nephew 's birthday gift this year ! Thank You `` Jump Start '' !
 I have three kids , ages 2,3 and 8 that literally fight over who gets to play this game . My 2 year old boy would sit and play this game for hours if I would let him , it really captures his attention with the bright , colorful graphics , and catchy songs . My daughter who is 8 , gets ready for school extra early just so she and her 3 year old sister will have time to play this game . Not only is it fun for them , they have really picked up alot of Spanish words from playing it . I only wish they would make a Spanish 2 !
 This is an excellent product for my 4 year old girl and I highly recommend it for any beginner . It offers several areas of study -LRB- colors , numbers , days of the week , and many household items -RRB- . It 's easy to change from one subject to another when my child becomes bored . The screens are filled with a variety of color . Additionally , it allows you to earn `` stars '' as you learn . Five stars allows your child to add an item to the aquarium -LRB- fish & other moving objects -RRB- . My four year old loves this feature . I ca n't say enough about this product . I only wish JumpStart would make the next edition !
 This is a pretty good game . My two year old likes it fairly well -LSB- though she definitely prefers some of her other games -RSB- . It is a good format for helping build a beginner 's vocabulary , in my opinion -LSB- my husband is learning some spanish just from playing it with our daughter -RSB- . I think it could be better -LSB- specifically the section with `` videos '' is n't so great -RSB- , but I 'm so grateful to have something out there to help my daughter with very basic Spanish that I appreciate this software even though I 'm not really that excited by it . The concept of how the game works it good , I think it could just be a bit better in the execution .
 My three year old daughter loves this program and can sing all of the songs in Spanish . My five year old son was bored with it rather quickly until we discovered that you can change the level of difficulty . Now he wants to play it all of the time . This program is a great introduction to the language .
 My son was just under 3 years old when we started with Jumpstart Spanish , and could barely work the mouse . Now not only is he identifying things in Spanish , but he has learned to click & drag ! He dances along with the characters , and I can hardly get him away from his iMac . There are many different areas , so it does n't get boring for him . I highly recommend it .
 My 5 year old daughter sometimes gets bored with software that is too difficult or too uninteresting . This one is right on ! She 's learning -LRB- and we are too -RRB- while she 's having fun painting , counting , etc. . Simple but interesting games that hold attention and introduce Spanish words .
 My daughter age 6 got this for christmas . She loves it . She plays with at least once a week . She is truely is learning to speak and understand spanish . We love to graphics and music . They have fun games to play .
 I bought this as well as Hooked on Spanish box set . Jump Start Spanish is much more fun and the kids keep going back to it again and again . They actually enjoy it !
 I love this product ! My son is in a Spanish immersion class at school . He has a hard time in school learning Spanish . He loves to come home and jump on the computer to play this . He would rather play these then video games . He loves the games and singing . They put together a great game that kids keep interested in and learn . I will buy more products on Spanish learning from this product .
 I remember when I was 2 , I was just getting interested in computers and computer science , seeing as my mother is Mexican , and I am half-Mexican and had a fetish for Spanish culture , my parents decided to purchase me this game , despite these impediments . In just three months , I was speaking Spanish FLUENTLY and PERFECTLY !!!! Great game for kids of all ages to learn Spanish !!!
 Jumpstart Spanish is fun for the children while they learn Spanish . The characters are cute , and they make learning fun .
 We purchased this for my then 3-year old to go with his new computer . The software installed easily on his Windows XP computer , and we were up and running in 2 minutes.The interface is the inside of a treehouse , where users can click on different items to go to games/activities that help them learn the names of items in Spanish . There is an option to keep all dialog in English , or in Spanish.The interface is intuitive , and we let our son navigate on his own for the first 30 minutes or so . Then , we let him give us a tour of what he has discovered . For some reason , he gravitates towards the activites that have catchy tunes involved . For example , he can now count from 1 to 10 in Spanish , but he will sing them , just like the song on the application . He does the same for the days of the week , too.His two most favorite games involve learning the colors and learning the names of clothing and apparel items . The varying levels of difficulty work together to limit frustration , yet the activities are kept challenging.We believe this is a fine application , because our son has definitely learned things , yet he thinks it is all fun and games . 4 months after purchase , he still enjoys the game , and even his mother and I have found ourselves humming all the catchy tunes .
 Not only do the children enjoy learning but the adults as well . It holds a child 's interest based on the creativity of the CD as well as the educational factors . I would recommend this to anyone interested in learning Spanish as a starting point .
 My son has been using Spanish Jumpstart from 21/2 until 31/4 and likes it a lot . It has captured his attention for many hours of fun and learning . I like the diversity , as there are many different activities . His favorite part changed over the months , and he especially loved the mouse that dances with the De Colores song and the monster that has funny things happen to its body parts . I wish there were a sequel or it were even more diverse , as he has gotten bored with it now . It would be nice if there were more than three songs , more conversations between characters to watch , and more interactive games . It is a well designed program , and very user friendly .
 I need to learn a very basic spanish to communicate with my employees . I purchased Jumpstart just for fun , and have learned much more than I had expected . This CD is perfect for children , it 's fun , and as an adult , I too use it as my personal teacher ! A good investment .
 We bought this as an introduction to spanish for our 3yr . old son . I loved the price and was relieved to find such a good program cheaper than the programs advertised on T.V. . It teaches vocabulary , games , and cultural information as well . The progress report helps me to know what area he needs help with . I also love how you can earn fish for the fish tank by completing activities . The only down side it that is it too easy for my son to change the levels therefore he 'll play the game before learning the vocabulary . I love this product and think it is wonderful !! A must have for all preschool parents and homeschoolers .
 Because we know almost no Spanish we are learning a lot . We have fun using the words throughout our day . What I do n't like is when you get something wrong the game shows you the correct answer to pick . Then you still get rewarded for it . I think it would be better if the game would make you keep guessing or start a new word . You ca n't truly know how good or bad someone is progressing because the answers are given after two wrong guesses . My final analysis is that this is a good learning program for just the basics of Spanish , especially for my three and a half year old and my five year old .
 Preschool age children love this program . I know because I use it with several of them . It has the color and variety that attracts them , and it can be configured for basic level learning or immersion style .
 My daughter is really enjoying learning Spanish in a very kid friendly way . Since I do n't speak Spanish , I am glad she is increasing her vocabulary while having fun at the same time .
 I thought that Jump Start Spanish was a really great program for my son . I noticed that his accent really improved after playing it a lot , and the rewards of funny new creatures for the clubhouse aquarium really motivated him to do the activities . He literally dragged me over to see each new fish . I liked the songs , they really got stuck in our heads . Unfortunately , my 2-year-old used the disc to go surfing on a hardwood floor , so the game is now only frightening birds away from my mom 's persimmon tree , but I would highly recommend it for all non-surfing Spanish-learning kids .
 I bought this for my 41/2 year old niece last x-mass , she loves it ! She was taking some Spanish in pre-school , so I thought this might help ... now the teacher wants to use this in the class ! My neice loved the reward system of collecting stars by sucessfully completing a task , then once she got 5 stars she could select a fish to add to her fish tank ! This was highly motivating to her . She has used other software in the year she has had this ... but she always comes back to this one . I consider this a sound investment ... now I 'm looking for one that is a little more difficult for her birthday .
 I purchased this product after reading reviews ... . I could not be happier . The programmers and even the Iambic 's president seem to be interested in what their customers think . In their discussion forums at ... , they discuss program options amongst suggestions and any bug reports . Great software , and excellent support .
 I got this program for free with my Visor Edge , and although it was a great freebie the Edge already came with a datebook the was equally as good as this one . Still for the time I had it , it worked great and did n't give me any problems while transfering my addresses and other pieces of data from my computer to my handheld . So I recomend this to someone who has an old PDA that does n't have a great datebook .
 My daughter has had a lot of fun with this game . It is filled with lively cheerful music and adorable characters that she even likes to pretend to be when not on the computer sometimes . She was about 21/2 when we got it and it was just about right . It is mainly filled with letter recognition games in the form of matching . It is not a great brain teaser but it does give them an objective to work their way through . They have to find out who left their juice in the caboose through process of elimination . They get a clipboard with a passenger list that they can even print out along with a magnifying glass and a thinking hat . The final reward is slow in coming and it can lose their interest along the way . But it saves the game for you and you can spend days acheiving it if you like . They also make a video tape that mimics the game and is a great motivator to complete the game and see the ending .
 This software delivers great bang for the buck . My son is almost three and he loves this program , which is designed to help children learn the alphabet . He calls it Juice Caboose . It has numerous characters that are fun and the music is charming . The exercises are challenging , but not impossible.I believe that interactive learning software is a much better way for children to spend time than watching TV or videos . This is a good program because it holds the child 's attention and creates a fun learning experience . I recommend it highly .
 My son really enjoys this software . He loves the cartoon characters and the fun songs that they sing and dance to . I like the way each word lights up while the characters are singing songs . That way you can follow along . He learned to recognize his letters by playing this CD . It 's a good way for a young child to develop listening skills and to follow directions . My son really likes playing the sled race while finding words that begin with the same letter . I like the fact that there are three levels of play . -LRB- easy , medium , hard -RRB- . When you master the easy level you can go on to the next level . I would recommend this CD to anyone with young children ages 3-5 , because they will learn pre-reading skills in a fun and motivating way .
 My 31/2 year old loves this software . It has helped him learn abc 's , upper/lower case , matching , finding , letter sounds , etc. . I was very happy with this . The only disappointment was that after he 'd mastered the 3 different activities , there was n't another level with new activities . Still fun , though !
 My 4 year old son loves this game and I do n't even think he realizes that he is learning as he plays . It is exactly what I was looking for . This gives him the ABC recognizition that his preschool teacher told me to work on with him . Another wonderful thing about it is that it was easy enough for him to comprehend and figure out what to do and now he plays on it all by himself .
 Excellent learning tool for toddlers , especially mine living , as we are , in a non-English speaking environment . I would like to order more but living outside the US forbids me to do this . I therefore have to rely on friends - who are mostly inconvenienced by my intrusion . Is there no such thing as a center which could send on to me software products purchased through Amazon ? You may publish my e-mail address . Thank you .
 My teenage boys are tempted to view things online that I would n't approve of . By installing Net Nanny , they have been discouraged from even trying - and actually thanked me for providing a safeguard to help them discipline themselves . I have had zero problems with compatibility with other programs , it is easy to use , and does n't slow down my computer . I highly recommend it .
 Net Nanny 4 was developed in response to concerns about `` the worst '' of the Internet and is an essential software application for your PC . It has the capability to monitor the Internet , standard email , IRC chat programs , newsgroups , and offline applications in a fully customizable , user friendly environment . Net Nanny 4 gives the parent or administrator complete control over what is being accessed from your PC . Net Nanny 4 is the solution for your family . Requirements
 My kids -LRB- ages 5 & 21/2 -RRB- just love this game . We have over 40 kid CD Roms , and this is by far the most popular . I even love it and I 'm 33 . There are activities for older kids , but best of all there are two activites my 21/2 can do by himself -LRB- bone builder is his favorite -RRB- . This is a new version , the older version I would only give two stars . Well worth the money .
 Both my just turned 3 year old and his older 6 year old brother love this software . They have learned so much about dinosaurs and the games have been great for developing logical thinking skills . I thought I was buying a game , but I got an educational tool that my kids LOVE !
 My 4 year old son and 6 year old daughter have played this game over and over and over and over and ... It is my sons favorite computer game.He started playing this when he was 3 , with a little parental help , but can now go at it alone.A earthquake has causes all the eggs on dino island to get lost.You need to help Rolf find all the eggs . Oh , there 's a small problem , a T-Rex is on the loose too , and Rolf needs to hatch these dino eggs so the babies can help him defeat the T-Rex . Travel around the island to the different periods , Triassic , Cretaceous , Jurassic , and help him complete puzzles and games to earn hatching crystals . Keep your eyes open for hidden eggs along the way . Answer questions to reveal the eggs.When you find and hatch all the eggs , you can then beat the T-Rex ! Games include Connect-A-Cave -LRB- logic puzzle -RRB- , Bone Builder -LRB- build a dinosaur out of bones -RRB- , and Scrambled Eggs -LRB- matching -RRB- , and more.The game automatically levels up for each individual puzzle as the child progresses . You can also easily decrease or increase the level of play manually , allowing ages 3-8 to play.Click on dinosaur and other items to learn important facts that help you learn and progress in the game.The game is non-violent . The T-Rex pops up and growls every now and then , but that 's the extent anything `` scary . '' There is NO BLOOD SHED.I can not go on enough about how great this game is . It is educational and fun ! A definite must for your dinosaur fan ! Of all the computer games we have , this one get the most use , and was clearly the best buy !
 My 4 year old son loves this software . The graphics are stunning , the material about dinosaurs is terrific and the progression of levels and different games , makes this software a must have for any youngster . This software requires thinking , yet it is not too difficult to master which is imperative for 4 year olds with little tolerance for frustration . The developer of this software spent a lot of time coordinating the activities together with the `` learning vignettes '' . This is well worth your money and would make a terrific birthday or holiday gift . Highly recommended .
 The kids adored this program , they played it over and over and have not tired of it yet . The kids have enjoyed finding the eggs and the excitement of hatching the eggs and trying to guess which one they have found . The games included are suited to a wide age range with games the three year old can accomplish without adult help to games that challenge an adult . The games come in a variety with puzzle games , an arcade type and build a dinosaur skeleton . The 3d world is well done and fun to move around in . Especially flying between the three sections of the world . The children enjoyed the short dinosaur movies . The only fault is that some of the dinosaur information seems a little out of date . This is a game I would recommend to anyone looking for a quality game that the children of all ages will enjoy and learn from .
 My son is only 2 , and yet he can play some of the games included in this package , such as the bone-builder . He ca n't play many of the games yet , which require more skill . Yet , this is one of his favorite computer games , because of the excellent graphics , educational content and the user-friendly interface . Clicking on an animal on the background , brings up a small video-clip with narration , describing the specific animal .
 I am constantly looking for quality software for a 3 year old and this is AMAZING ! My son can play almost every game on level one and when his 6 year old cousin comes to vist he plays the games on level 3 . We love to play the games , collect the crystals and hatch the eggs ... we take turns guessing what kind of baby dino we are going to hatch ! There is even a cinima section where your child can just click on pics of Dinosaurs and hear info on them . As if all of this were not enough it revolves around a volcano that erupts lava ... we all know any true dino game should include a volcano !!! One more plus is that a 3 year old can play this with littel or no help from a parent ... I use it when making dinner . I am unable to do this with any of the big name pre-school software . I am so pleased with this purchase ! Buy this ... you will love it !
 If your kids love dinosaurs , like my 5 year old does , get them this game ! It is so wonderful , I bought it because we owned the earlier version of it . I was disappointed to not find that same version but after reading the reviews , decided to give the new one a try . I will never regret it , my boy has been playing it since it arrived ! It is so cute and interactive , with many games to play , it 's not easy to get tired of it . When my kids were taking their bath , I even snuck in and played the `` cave maze '' ! It 's a definite winner !
 If your child -LRB- ren -RRB- like -LRB- s -RRB- dinosaurs this is a MUST ! My 5 and 21/2 year olds love it ! My five year old can name all the dinosaurs on the CD . He can sit for hours -LRB- if I let him -RRB- and do nothing but the CD . It is really great . . and teaches many skills unknowingly to the children . It teaches listening , problem solving and much more . All the while making it very fun for your children .
 We bought this game for our 4-year old boy to give him a plain old `` fun '' game for his PC . He has 3 other games that are purely educational -LRB- yet fun -RRB- - Jump Start Spanish , Reader Rabbit Phonics , and Blue 's Clues 1-2-3 - so we thought he should have some old-fashioned fun.This game is much more educational than we anticipated . Although it is chock-full-of-games , we have been impressed with the level of detail in the artwork , and the fact that our son is able to rattle off the names of several dinosaurs , AND tell you whether they eat meat , plants , etc.The underlying story behind the games -LRB- collect dinosaur eggs to save the island from T-Rex -RRB- is pretty weak , but the games and the educational value of the game are very strong.Our son thinks the game is great . It is definitely his favorite - he asks to play all the time . Something about dinosaurs that just gets kids going , I guess .
 You ca n't go wrong if you buy this for your favorite dino kid .
 My 51/2 yr old daughter received this as a gift 21/2 yrs ago and she still enjoys playing it . There are different levels for each game to make it harder or easier to play and she learns a lot from it as well . She loves dinosaurs and now knows many of the scientific names of the different dinosaurs and can pronounce them correctly from listening to the game . It also gives facts about each dinosaur and she remembers them ! I highly recommend this game ...
 My son loves this game . He is 6 and can easily play on his own for a great length of time .
 My 4 year old daughter plays this non stop . She was a bit scared at the intro , but it quickly because her favorite game . She likes it better than the reader rabbit stuff.As a CS person , I expected 3-D to mean 3-D interactive . Not poor quality pre-rendered movies . But my kid loves it , and that is what counts .
 Got this for my 2 year old last Christmas . It is now April and he is still playing with it . He has learned alot of Dinosaur names and traits . He knows more than I do . For the money a great piece of software . Highly recommended .
 Dinosaur Adventure 3D is a very interesting piece of software . It 's full of activities , games , videos and lots more ...
 I bought this hoping my four year old would like it . He LOVES it ! It is full of interesting dinosaur facts with action on every screen . It can hold his interest like nothing has before , and the goal -LRB- finding and hatching all the hidden eggs -RRB- is not attained in just one sitting , so it gives hime something to work towards .
 My son -LRB- age 3 -RRB- really enjoyed the game , although the T-Rex can be a little scary for a very young child . This game is great because he can focus on the activities that he likes the best and there are levels of difficulty so that it does not get too easy too soon . There are also a couple of games on this CD that I enjoyed playing when my son was not around !!!
 My kids have had this software for a couple of years , and they keep going back to it . Of all the computer software I have bought -LRB- and there have been many !! -RRB- this game has the most lasting power . And the nice thing is that it keeps the interest of both my 8 year old AND my 6 year old .
 I am a mother of a 3 years old hearing boy . I am hearing impaired and I get frustrated trying to follow other software storylines.But this 3-D Dinosaurs really helps me and my son to share the game together without feeling unhappy.The software has beautiful special effects and a lot of interesting dinosaurs facts that I did n't know.My son loves it and he calls me everytime he play the program .
 MY 4 YR OLD SON LOVES THIS GAME ! ... I bought it a year ago , and he has had so much fun . We 've tried many other dino-related games & sites ... but none compare to this game . It 's different every time he plays it . He can easily play it by himself . It 's exciting , educational , challenging and fun . This game is a real find !
 My 6 and 8 year old daughters love this CD-ROM . I like it too . The pictures are beautiful and it 's easy to figure out how to play the games . My 5 year old finds it a little hard to collect the eggs that are the point of the game overall , but she still likes to play it .
 We LOVE this CD ! We bought this for our 4 year old son at Christmas and he and his 5 year old brother have played it just about every day since ! Sam took it everywhere we went on Christmas day ! I went through the program once with them , they did n't need mommy anymore , except to tell me all about Allasourus ... no idea if I 'm spelling that right ... but Jake and Sam would know , and all the other prehistoric facts that I did n't know ! It is amazing to me that my 4 and 5 year old sons , who knew nothing except T-Rex , can now identify practially every dinosaur and all three periods , and all kinds of other facts ! They enjoy all of the many games -LRB- there are three levels of difficulty -RRB- and the reward at the end for collecting and hatching all the lost dino eggs . We definitely got our money 's worth with this CD rom ! Oh ... and the graphics are great ! I would recommend this to any young dinosaur fan .
 My son loves the activities in this software . Although some of them are skill building , the fact that its all presented in a dinosaur context makes it extra interestsing for a 4.5 year old . There 's also a lot of interesting scientific information .
 I got this game for my 4 year old son . He has not stopped playing it for weeks ! I also have a 51/2 year old daugther in kidergarten who just loves the games . They could both use the software with no directions from us . It has good games , very good sound effects , and best of all
 My son is 3 years old and he loves this game . He has learned the names of all the dinosaurs featured in the game and can identify them . The activities are suitable for kids younger than 4 -LRB- the minimum age on the box -RRB- .
 My 3 yr old son & 5 yr old daughter both love this game . This is one of the few games they have had that the 3 yr old can use completely on his own -LRB- I have to start up the computer & he can take it from there -RRB- . They love it so much that I have had to put serious restrictions on the amount of time they spend with it - they could stay at it all day!It is filled with all sorts of learning opertunities -LRB- my son told me all about diplodicus on the way to pre-school this morning ! -RRB- Each child can play their own session , and there are 3 levels of difficulty on the activities , so the game can be fun & challenging for a variety of skill levels.This is a great game for any kid interested in dinosaurs !
 My 31/2 year old loves this game . She has been on it for hours a day -LRB- no tv ! -RRB- . The graphics and sounds are great . There are games , movie clips , or educational tidbits everywhere . Even I am learning all about the many dinosaurs . My daughter enjoys moving around the landscapes and watching clips as much as actually playing the games . A 4 year old familiar with a mouse can accomplish most all the games on level 1 . The work book is a great idea ! JC can color or work puzzles thereby allowing ME to use my computer!For the critique , though , my 3 year old says there should be more than 1 way to beat the T Rex . I agree . So much effort was put into this program . It seems anticlimatic since there is only 1 ending . Maybe next version ! Hint Hint !
 My 4 year old daughter has so much fun with this program . Some of the games are a bit challenging for her , but she 'll grow into them . She really loves the dinosaur 3-D movies and learning all about the different species . She can name and describe just about any dinosaur because of this program ! She can also name the three prehistoric periods -- and she 's just barely 4 ! It 's a lot of fun and very interactive .
 This product is educational ! It does n't teach math or English but it does develop other skills . Bone builder works with spatial orientation . It 's putting togethor a 3-D puzzle . There are three levels to make it more difficult -LRB- Enstead of an entire leg segment it will be broken down into individual bones -RRB- . Very good for developing mouse skills as well . There is a maze game were the start and finish places are shown and the player must place straight pieces and elbow curves to connect them -LRB- there often can be more than one answer -RRB- . This develops reasoning skills . There is also a pair-matching game with a twist . There must be a free side of the egg before it can be matched . There are other games that are like video games that help eye/hand coordination . The cool graphics and sound effects are a great reward for my three year old . He will keep trying enstead of getting frustrated . He can play these games with very little to no assistance from me . -LRB- Which is helpful when I have to leave the room to care for our newborn -RRB-
 Our Audrey has been a `` Dinosaur Game '' fanatic for more than a year . For a four year-old this is unprecedented affection for a computer game . Bone builder is her favorite but she also loves Scrambled Eggs . The dinosaurs are just scary enough to maintain attention without freaking her out and she is beginning to enjoy the animated videos more . Many so-called fun learning software is neither fun nor educational . Dinosaur Adventure is both . This is one of the best gifts Audrey has ever received .
 What a great game ! I wish they had something like this when I was a kid . This game brings dinosaurs to life for young kids -LRB- 4-8 -RRB- . Unlike the ` Land Before Time ' videos and other kid geared dino stuff , this game actually teaches about dinosaurs while making the learning fun . The interface is well geared for the recommended age group and the quality of the game is outstanding . If your kids like dinosaurs then this game is not to be missed .
 My daughter has played this game and loved it for 2 years now . Yes , once everything is figured out , it can get boring for older kids ... but there are great graphics , videos , and games . My 5 year old is still challenged at the higher skill level games . Our only complaint is that the newer computers -LRB- ME , 2000 etc -RRB- are too fast for the program . The audio skips often which can be annoying when you are listening for a clue . I hope they will upgrade this program . If you have a newer system ... be mindful that this game will have some problems .
 This game is excellent ! Two little boys aged 5 and 8 have not stopped playing this . It keeps them entertained for hours , it 's easy to understand and they love it . It is also a learning game about dinosaurs and also teaches them to be a team as well as playing on their own . Out of all their other toys you can guarantee this gets the most attention and fun and I have to say it is well worth the money .
 My 2.5 year old knows his dinosaurs and I owe it all to Dinosaur Adventure 3-D . It 's very educational as well as fun . I was amazed at how many different places you could visit on Paleo Island . Bone builder is by far my son 's favorite . Not only does it allow him to build dinosaur bones from scratch , it also builds his self esteem as he is challenged to do so by racing against the clock . This is great software and I would and do recommend it to everyone .
 I always enjoyed this game . I had the original , -LRB- MS-DOS Based Version . It had some great games in it , such as `` Save the Dinosaurs ! , in which you were given a time limit in which to save 15 Dinosaurs , from 3 different time periods , before a Giant comet hit the earth , making it impossible for dinosaurs ot stay alive . There was also an encyclopedia area , in which you could look up the various dinosaur facts . There was an puzzle where you had to guess which Dino you were looking at . And another one , where you had to work out the answer to the question , `` Which reptile is this a part of ? '' , where it showed you a Dinosaur , and some pictures of dinosaur parts . There were many moreA windows 95/98 based version of this game came out , that was exactly the same , exept that it needs Windows , and wo n't run on MS-DOS . This one that I have now , is more animated than the original , and does not have my favourite puzzles . I preferred the original version , because it gave facts in a more realistic way . Kids aged 4-8 may like the latest version , but the original , though much scarier for that age group , is still the best.Is there a new game out , that has all the features mentioned above ? It does n't have to be from Knowledge Adventure.Other than that , it 's cool .
 This game was written for Windows 95 and slighly updated for Windows 98 . I installed it under Windows 2000 -LRB- recent version of DirectX -RRB- with excellent results , so I 'd expect it would be fine under XP.Some of the images are dark and muddy , but overall it 's a fun game with some reasonable educational content . We have n't run into any major bugs , and it does n't demand much in the way of drive space or CPU/video performance.It appears to be out of `` print '' , in fact I think the entire Knowledge Adventure line is probably in limbo . A real shame , it 's hard to find good software like this any more . Not only are there no equivalent `` modern '' competitors , if they existed they 'd be very demanding of machine resources.I 've not tested the Mac version .
 My 4 year old daughter has been playing this game constantly for over a year now . It really surprises me that she can play it again and again , but she does , and loves it . It has some fun games for her and is somewhat educational . Unfortunately , I just bought a new PC with Windows XP , loaded it , and it does NOT run at all . I called their technical support and they said they have NEVER put out a patch for this game , and it does not work on XP , and they are no longer supporting it because it is so old . I tried it on different compatibility modes and could n't get it to work .
 I wanted to give this program 5 stars because my four-year-old girl loves playing the games like `` connect-a-cave '' and `` bone builder '' over and over again . She often plays the different acitivities even after there are no more `` crystal '' rewards because she enjoys them so much . She also loves clicking on the various dinosaurs to see their video clips and hear more about them . The game is motivational . However , I had to give it 4 stars because it was too difficult to initially figure out how to find an egg . Nine eggs must be found and hatched to win the game . I like to assist when she gets stuck in games , but with Dinosaur 3-D I had to `` take the mouse '' for a few minutes to figure out how to find the eggs . Other than that problem it is truly motivational learning about dinosaurs and extinction .
 MY 3 YEAR OLD GRANDSON AND TWO OF HIS FRIENDS , 5 AND 6 YEARS OLD , ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS SOFTWARE . . FUN , GREAT GRAPHICS , ENTERTAINING , EDUCATIONAL , LOTS TO DO . THEY NEVER TIRE OF IT . TO TELL YOU THE TRUTH ... I LOVE IT TOO .
 Dinosaur Adventure 3-D is great ! It is fun ! You can play 3 games in each period . You are suppose to collect Dinosaur eggs and get a T-rex off of Dinosaur Island . You can also collect prehistoric movies !
 On new years day my son broke his femur and had to be put in a body cast , this game has helped me keep my sanity . I can set him in front of his computer and this game and we both have a good time playing it . It teaches him all about Dinosaurs and he says now he wants to be a Paleontologist when he grows up !
 I purchased this for a friends son for christmas , it states buy ` new and used ' but from others not specifically amazon . I decided to save a few bucks and go with a ` new ' from someone else . Well , it did n't come wrapped , it was open the case was marked and scratched . I was expecting a new item . this was not . wo n't be buying anything like that again.otherwise , all these CD 's are great for children , mine love them .
 This title is third in the Jumpstart series of learning games -LRB- it starts with Toddlers -RRB- and is typical of the high quality , fun learning games produced by Knowledge Adventure . The characters are engaging for the designated age group , and the activities are both fun and encourage learning . The game increases the levels depending on your child 's skill -LRB- not by a preset formula -RRB- making them more or less challenging depending on the individual , and the progress report helps you see exactly what areas your child needs help in . This software is a great compliment to the Jumpstart series of workbooks . Highly recommended !!
 Both my 18 year old daughter and my 5 year old son have enjoyed this product . My daughter had all the Jump Start programs from kindergarten to the 8 th grade . She would do them a year ahead of the year she was enrolled in her private school . My son is in public school so he is right at his grade level . The games are fun and with some easier and some challenging . This variety gives him the chance to select what he is ready for at the momement . After using it a few times he is now independant in navigating throughout the program . It 's highly interactive with great sound to accompany the visuals . I feel it has helped him with his critical thinking skills more than anything . He 's so proud when he finishes a game or task . We love it !
 My 3 year and 5 year old like the game , after reading all the review I chose this one , it teach them a lot .
 This is a must have . It works great . My son loves it . It is easy for the kids to catch on to
 This game helped my litte brother over the summer so he would not forget what he learned in preschool . It helped with his math and his reading which was a struggle for him . Overall it is a great game .
 I really enjoyed this game when my older kids played it . It provided a nice go to when we were homeschooling and I either did n't have the time for a proper lesson or they were begging for computer time . Now that my youngest is five I wanted the same for him so I bought `` Jump Start Kindergarten '' at Target . The new version is not nearly so well made as this one ! So save the aggravation and the money and buy this one instead .
 My daughter is 5 and heading into Kindergarten this Fall . She uses this software in her pre-K class and loves it . The item arrived in a much quicker time than the shipping method we selected and we 're very happy with it
 The kids like it and it helps them to learn . They used it for a couple of weeks , then got bored of it . It got them interested in letters and numbers though . It 's a good change of pace from hand written learning activities .
 I have purchased almost all of the `` Blaster '' titles -LRB- Reading Blaster , Math Blaster , etc -RRB- and they are all excellent ! You ca n't go wrong with these ! These are truly `` Edutainment '' . Games that just happen to teach at the same time . My daughter loves them and with their help is reading at a fourth grade level - and she 's in 1st grade . All the games in the Blaster series keep the same recognizable characters . All have great songs that the kids love.A + + In my book !
 This teaches children good math skills in a fun sort of way and does not make it feel like a homework . My daughter likes zoo animals very much , so she really likes to play with this software.She loves the feeding time and bath time for the animals , loves chasing the animals arround.What I like as a parent is the parent traker option where I can track the childs progress . This is a must have Software . Really fun and good graphics and setup.Must say the Blaster series have done a good job again .
 The Jump Start series is very entertaining . My son started with Jump Start Toddlers when he was three . He has since gone through the Pre-school , Pre-k and Kindergarten . At five he is busy with First Grade and with Second Grade , although Second Grade is still too difficult.The children are introduced to basic skills , in this case addition , subtraction , fractions , measuring , quantities , telling time , parts of speech , phonics , reading comprehension , basic science , music , art , synonyms and antonyms , counting money . Each skill is learnt with a game , Spelling Soup , Vending Machine , Lost and Found , and Bean Bag Science to name a few of the many activities . Each game is well constructed , has three levels , and the ability to track progress should this be desired.Typically each Jump Start has a meta-game , in this case , clues for a treasure hunt . The treasure hunt is slick and adds to the enjoyment.Though we have spent many hours on first grade reading and first grad math , we spent more time on first grade than on both these other activities together . Lots of fun , lots of learning .
 I have enjoyed Jumpstart programs for years . This is my most recent purchase . My 5 year old daughter enjoys it , but is frustrated at times . A few things that bother her are
 We started out the JumpStart series with the Toddler version and have been hooked ever since . It 's really the only series that my son has asked for by name . He got the 1st Grade version for his birthday this fall and even with alot of false starts due to computer problems -LRB- our old hardware is faltering resulting in several re-installs after he had barely gotten started -RRB- , he is still absolutely hooked on it . If he had his way , he 'd be on that computer all day playing ! And he 's learning too ! The game starts you out in the classroom where you can play either the science bean bag game or a game dealing with opposites and synonyms . It took him awhile to find the other games -LRB- you have to leave the classroom -RRB- but soon he was in the hall learning to tell time by stamping hall passes and then on to the kitchen to learn about measurements and fractions , the playground where he worked with numbers and words -LRB- would you believe he 's already learning about nouns , verbs , and adjectives ! -RRB- , and finally into the lunch room to dish out some alphabet soup -LRB- spelling -RRB- and his ultimate favorite , the snack machine where he 's learning math . At barely 6 years old and only in kindergarten he 's now up to doing addition on 2 digit numbers -LRB- with some help from mom , but still ... -RRB- ! This is definitely a great learning game !
 This software is great both my kids love this . The topics of study include
 This is perfect for 1st graders who want a fun way to practice the new skills they are learning , and it is a nice way to introduce new concepts to younger children.I bought this program for my son who is just finishing Kindergarten . I was looking for something to prepare him for 1st grade and have been very happy with the many different activities that the software includes . However , I will say that unless your child has been exposed to 1st grade concepts , such as fractions , parts of speech , or counting change , you may want to walk your child through each activity before leaving them to explore the game on their own . My son has found the game easy to navigate , but the activities are a bit challenging given that he has not had prior experience to some of the concepts . This is by far is favorite game and I have seen him make great progress in the few short weeks that we have had this software . My daughter , who is just finishing up her 1st grade year , has had no difficulty at all with this game and enjoys working towards the incentives ! Well , worth the money !
 This software allows three different levels to fit each child with quite a few activities ranging from music , reading , math , and geography . It rewards a child with a token to play another game and collect more tokens . My son loves this game and has played it for many hours all ready . It improved his reading and math skills until he is in the highest level in his grade . I strongly recommend it for all 1st graders and some kindergarten children .
 My six year old daughter was having trouble reading . Each night she would come home from school with a new reading assignment . As horrible as it is to admit , I have very little patience . And despite my best efforts , I did n't seem to be helping her . So I searched the internet for some reliable software that could do what I just could n't . I came across the Jump Start series , and immediately purchased 1st Grade . She could n't wait for me to load it into the computer !! And afterward , she spent countless hours playing with Frankie and the others . Then much to my surprise -LRB- and relief -RRB- her reading grades went steadily up . It was a bona fide success !! And as an added bonus , when she had trouble counting money , Jump Start 1st Grade was there ! I 'm so pleased with the results that I 've purchased the 2nd Grade , and Typing games as well !!
 It 's tough finding something for kids to play while not spending a fortune and wasting brain space on senseless games . The Jumpstart series are great because they offer great ways to learn while keeping things simple and fun in a cartoon-like format . The software is easy to install and I found that my 1st grader could easily navigate the program without getting stuck . She sat on it for hours !! I was surprised to see the fun she had with the program and look forward to purchasing further copies . I was surprised that fractions were used , but it was in a kitchen setting where kids could bake cakes , cookies , etc. , while being told to add 1/4 cup , 1/2 teaspoon , etc. . I found that interesting and a good way to get into that form of math .
 My girls are 11 , 6 , and 3 and all three girls play this game!My 11 yr old of course knows most of this info , but it still holds her interst because it is so Fun !!! I bought it two yrs ago for my then 4 yr old when we bought our computer.Our computer has been used more for that ame than anything else .
 I for one spend time with my sister . and ever since she was four , she spent a lot of time playing with this game . The first time I saw it , I thought
 The entire JUMP START series is an awesome learning experience . My sons have loved the computer learning games for years ! My 3 year old learned patterns as well as so much more ! It 's a learning tool that the boys think is just a game !
 Our son loves to play Jumpstart and it is challenging him as well . Even though he is n't ready for all the content , there is enough to keep him interested .
 I purchased this product as a gift . I have used this product in the past with my older child . This product is excellent if your child is having problems or you just want to give your child a head start on their education . Going to purchase for my young child .
 I am a huge fan of these video games . They are wonderful tutorials for young children and they make it fun to learn . They are plug and play which means that you put the disc in the computer and you are ready to go . If your child needs tutoring , these games may be the answer for you . My grown children used them and now I have purchased them again for my granddaughter . I do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
 As a homeschooling mom , I love this game . My older son loved the game but aged out of it quickly at almost 6 -LRB- but he 's very bright -RRB- . My second son does n't enjoy video games as much as his brother , but he still prefers the game over bookwork . At 41/2 , he is improving in most of the areas fairly well . He gets frustrated easily with a few of the games that require more motor skills . I love that there is a skills test that shows his scores in each of the subjects so I know where he needs more work .
 THIS IS A GOOD INTERACTIVE GAME WITH GREAT ANIMATION FOR CHILDREN JUST STARTING OUT IT BUILDS CONFIDENCE AND ENCOURAGES LEARNING .
 I have purchased about 20 pieces of educational software over the last 4 years for my daughter . For most of them she grows tired of after 30 minutes , and this is not an attention span issue . Generally this occurs because either the controls are too difficult for her to master , the educational games are too counter-intuitive , or the product is simply uninspired.With that said , my daughter loves Jumpstart 1st Grade . We limit her computer time to 1 hour max oer session , and we literally have to pull her away from the computer . The games are easy for her to follow , and challenging . What a great way to learn.The only aspect I find a little off to this game is the currency adventure . It becomes too difficult too quickly once you get the first couple of problems correct.I would recommend this product to a 5 year old who is an early reader , and a 6 year old .
 Join Jo Hammet , kid detective as she captures Dr x. before Hooverville is destroyed . Put on your thinking , playing and excitement caps ! You will play a crossword -LRB- Geography and arts -RRB- at Hooverville Museum then you will proceed to the station to pick a math lock -LRB- Math -RRB- and get in , to eavesdrop on a fill-in-the-blanks speech by henchmen of Dr. x ! Skate over -LRB- you will control Jo 's skateboard and run away from the henchmen , if you get caught by them , you will go to jail . You will sequence the boxes with the biggest under and escape from the window ! It 's math skills you require here . -RRB- to Bertie 's Juice bar to work on fractions and prepare sodas to get stuff from Bertie . Go over to Jimmy 's Junkyard and arrange the tangram like the picture above and get something you need to disarm the bomb Dr x is preparing . Then it 's over to Maggie Mead 's underground artifact place ! Be careful of the rolling stones . You have got to buy this CD ! It 's educational too ! I have it , IT 'S COOL ...
 I installed the PGP on Windows XP and it works pretty well . Does n't work for Windows 7 . There was a book as well .
 Product quality is it 's rating - `` used good condition '' . Package was securely wrapped and arrived quickly . It arrived in its original box and contents are in good condition . Great value .
 My 2 year old loves this . It took him about 2 weeks to get the hang of the mouse . and now he thinks he can play anything . I love that it keeps up with his progress and I can check to see what he needs help on . My 5 year old loves playing it too . Also you can set the levels for each childs progress ...
 My 2 year old son has gotten pretty good at using the mouse , and was getting tired of programs that work by any random click , so I tried this title to find something a bit challenging . He is really enjoying it . Most of the activities are probably a bit above his learning level , but the program is great at gently helping so that he can make things happen and learn at the same time . He especially likes the alphabet connect the dots that makes a cake with a moving picture , and his 5 year old brother that generally has no interest in computer games liked that part a lot too . My younger son also loved the reward area you get to go to when you have 4 stars for completely activities . You get to place moving stickers in a park area -- it 's quite simple but easy to use and very fun for him . I do think it can be a bit easy at times to finish activities sort of at random , and like many titles like this , if you have a click happy child , they tend to stop the explanation of how to do the activity before the talking is over -- I always wish the program would just finish telling you what you have to do even if your child starts clicking madly ! However , in general this is one of my favorite beginning learning programs .
 Anyone with children and a computer should own this software . I am unable to use the computer because my daughter is always on it playing . She at first could not get use to the mouse but now she is a pro . It has put her in the top of her preschool class from the things she has learned . This software will help increase any childs learning ablity .
 My son is 3 yrs old and absolutely loves it . Once he played on it so long that he fell asleep on the computer . Great games and fun activites .
 This is a great program for my 4 year old . We homeschool and we needed a preschool program . I refunded on Jumpstart Preschool because it contained magical things that I do n't allow into my household.This Jumpstart Pre-K was not available at any of our local stores . The only complaint I have is ... . the rewards are stickers in the park -LRB- it will make sense when you see it -RRB- anyway , my 4 year old got so many that the game said the park was full and we would have to start a new game to get more . The only way I could think to do this was to put in a nickname . We decided not to do this because he would lose all previous scores and stickers . So , he works without rewards and still he loves it . I say buy this and explain the problem when they come to you and say ... '' My park is full of stickers '' . I bought this at AMAZON .
 Great fold out resource giving an excellent summary of the Protestant reformation . Especially helpful for finding facts , people and events quickly . Very useful if you have children . Take your time to get through a good Church history book , but this is a great quick reference when you need it . _________ I was provided a free copy of this pamphlet from Rose Publishing for a free , unbiased , honest review .
 This is a great pamphlet for a visual learner . It is printed on high-gloss paper and measures 5.5 '' x 8.5 '' and folds out to about 33 '' . The Reformation Time Line pamphlet begins in the year 1215 with the signing of the Magna Carta in the Pre-Reformation Period . It continues through the Reformation period , beginning in 1516 and goes through the Post-Reformation Period to end at 1698 . There is a chart on one of the sections that lists the denominations that arose from the reformation . It does n't list all the denominations , but most of the major ones like the Methodists , Lutherans , Calvinists , Baptists , and others . There 's also a map -LRB- of Europe -RRB- on the back that shows the areas of the reformation.This pamphlet is very visually engaging and would be very helpful to have handy in a Bible class or in your own personal study .
 This is the best faxing and messaging program ever it works best with xp pro . I have vista and it just wont work . I will try the other version but I 'm scared as heck might wait for Vista service pack 1 to see if this dynamite program will work on Vista the operating system that suck big time .
 WinFax PRO Version 9.0 , SymantecThis is `` The # 1 choice for hassle-free faxing '' . It can be used in Windows 95 , 98 -LRB- and Me -RRB- , NT -LRB- and 2000 -RRB- . This long established program has been around since the early 1990s -LRB- for DOS and Windows 3.1 x -RRB- . This will work with Class 1 , Class 2 , Class 2.0 , and CAS compatible or fax capable CAPI 2.0 ISDN board . It allows Network sharing . If you are using Win95 , 98 , or Me choose ` Accessories ' from ` Programs ' , then ` Communications ' , and then ` Phone Dialer ' . Enter ` 000 ' for the Area Code , then for ` Area Code Rules ' check ` Always dial the area code ' . This will force WinFax into using the complete ten-digit area code when dialing the number . Else only the seven-digit number will be used for dialing.To install the software place the CD in its reader and close it . The installation screen will appear . Choose the `` Install Now '' icon . Select the default options , like ` WinFax Pro ' for the Program Folders . You may be asked to insert your Windows CD so the printer drivers for WinFax are loaded . Then the program files will be copied to your hard drive . Select the ` Finish ' option at the end . You must then enter your station identification -LRB- CSID -RRB- to identify your computer , your fax number , and your voice number . Then identify the fax modem for this software . The software is configured for your choices . Next you need to restart the computer so the changes can take effect . The ` WinFax PRO Message Manager ' icon is on the desktop . Selecting this icon allows access to the many options available . You need to install the Adobe Reader software to view the User 's Guide on the CD.You can turn off the ` Automatic Receive ' option . The DELTEST program is in the Symantec \ Common folder . It tests the status of your modem -LRB- s -RRB- . I liked the report in the older version . The DOCS folder on the CD contains four manuals . The four manual are : Fax Sharing User 's Guide faxshareNetworks -LRB- 16 bit -RRB- User 's Guide wfpn16User 's Guide wfxpugMultiple Computer Installation Guide wfscriptYou can copy them to your hard drive for reference .
 My students loved this game . They were eager to learn the math in order to complete their tours . This game really helps students to strengthen problem solving skills . I would recommend this to any K-8 student and teacher . Also check out Grammar For The Real World .
 I had this game years ago , around the late 90s . It was so much fun . I 'm about to explode trying to tell the Amazon crowd about it . What can I say ? I had trouble with Math . Using this helped to strengthen my ability to use quick , mental Math . It was a great way to spend my weekends . The games made it so much fun . The problems with adding up food tabs , adding weight , etc. , they come in handy . So when someone goes shopping , they can round up and pretty much get a close estimate of how much they owe . it covers everything from Area , Gas budget , decimals , division , and a a pie chart section too . I wish I could get another copy to work with Vista . I sadly lost my only copy years ago and am not sure if it will work on this computer . But if you have an old computer -LRB- Like Windows 2000 and under -RRB- , give it a try . This is a staple game for anyone with Jr. . High-aged children who need help in their studies . It 's a good head-start over the Summer !
 I bought this for my 12 year old son so that he might do some math over the summer break . It was so much like a game he truly enjoyed it . I checked out the problems he was having to solve and though they were fairly simplistic -LRB- ie calculating how much the group of kids could all spend in the cafe -RRB- , it was math that is used in `` the real world '' . He was solving problems and enjoying it , so I 'm a big fan of this product . I would love to see this company produce more of the same . Definitely worth more than I paid for it .
 I got this about 6 months ago and i have to say i really liked this program . The lasting appeal wo n't last long i just use it to sharpen my math skills , two things i do n't like about it is one
 Used this game in the past and wanted it for my students . Works great . Very quick delivery .
 This game is of the hook , the graphics are better than in half-life , or doom 3 . The band names are awesome . Mine is beat 2 beat . The back ground is amazing . The video maker is awesome . The math problems are like ones i have n't even learned yet , and i am in College . The best game for all those crazy gamers out there !!!!
 My children both think this is a great program . My almost-10 year old daughter likes it much more than Mavis Beacon that they use at school and my 7 year old son can even use it . They both have improved their typing skills enormously while having fun at the same time . I 'd recommend this program without reservation !
 My 7 year old loves this software . . so do I . The first time he used it . . he went from 6 wpm to 12 wpm . . double . . I was impressed . He was typing the drills without looking at the keyboard . I could n't believe it . All the jump start programs are really wonderful .
 I Loved this program ! I started using it and I soon began to become a great typer . It helped me get to 56 wpm ! My little brother only used it for awhile and he is one of the fastest typers in his class . -LRB- my brother is 9 -RRB- It has fun games and it is challenging to get you motivated . I also know my younger cousins are having fun with the game too . It has funner games than Mavis Beacon .
 I attribute my typing speed entirely to playing this game as a kid.I was always able to type faster than my friends and even my computer teacher because this game made it fun to type.Recommend for parents !!
 the Typing program was as advertised , used but in good shape . the Disc came in the jewel case , and runs perfectly thus far -LRB- we have not yet completed the program . -RRB- the shipment arrived in the timeframe described . In short , I got what I needed on time at a discount . No complaints .
 As a nine-year-old I was delighted to discover that this typing program fetured some of my favorite carecters
 I 'm very happy with the Dictionary , it 's a great product at a very low cost . I received it faster than expected . This is really a great buy !
 Palm Merriam-Webster Dictionary/Franklin Thesaurus is a very good product . It gives clear , concise definitions.The only thing that I have to deal with is that I have an SD memory card that I keep in , so I must bring the dictionary card with me wherever I go . That is not too hard , though , because I carry a purse .
 Its not a bad dictionary , but its only 30.4 mbs and from 2003 . It would be the equivalent of a small pocket dictionary , very limited collection of words . I would say get it if its under $ 10 , but I would not say it is worth the retail $ 30 or so .
 Easy to use , but can not reference the dictionary when in another program which limits its use . A very good dictionary & thesaurus otherwise .
 My daughter outgrew her Quantum Pad so I got her a Palm Pilot TX and loaded it full of educational reference material as well as e-books to read at her level . I made sure to include this dictionary and thesaurus . Now it 's very easy for her to figure otu the correct spelling of words when she 's writing as well as look up definitions of her spelling words . This little program will definitely grow with her to use in Jr. . High and HIgh School . The learning curve to used this was minimal to my 10 year old . The definitions are comprehensive enough for her to get what she needs . My 7 year old often borrows this dictionary for his homework too . I even find myself using it from time to time . It beats the time consuming flipping through pages of a book and takes up such little space .
 I bought this even though the reviews were n't all that good , namely that it was slow to respond . Although I find that it works superbly . I carry it with my Palm in the case and use it from time to time at work and home . It 's much easier that trying to locate a hard copy of the dictionary . It is very easy to use and needs no instructions . Fantastic buy for the price .
 I love Palm Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary and Franklin Thesaurus ; it is the perfect tool to have for tech savey people like myself who do alot of typing , weither it be an email or typing a letter . Is easy to load on to most PDA 's , easy use , and most importantly a big help ! If you have a PDA , and an SD card slot ; this is a must have !
 I personally LOVE this little dictionary . I use it in my Zire 72 . The dictionary has lots of function and i have had no problems using it for every day use in my English 102 class . Its wonderful . It understands my Grafitti perfectly , and like other reviewers didnt make me go back . Its extremely easy to read , easy to move around the dictionary . You can click on one of the words in the definition and you get a little pop up window that allows you to view that defintion and then return to the previous word or name or whatever . There are biographical and geographic entries as well , not to mention the thesaurus . I keep the dictionary in my palm case all day every day -LRB- right next to my MP3 card -RRB- . The software was quick and easy to install , I had expected to fight with it but it just . . `` poof `` ed . I 've had my dictionary since my 101 class where my teacher required it . We rarely used it but i kept it any way and am so glad i did . Maybe I 'm just special , but I 'd like to give some credit to the card !
 I bought the 11th edition and this comes with Mobipocket Reader Pro v4 .7 . I find that the response is fast even though it loads from the card . The icons and user-interface are user-friendly . It would be much more helpful if I can just type in a new word without the hassle of manually going back to the main page and it would have earned 5 stars if there is also a direct link from the word in the Dictionary to the Thesaurus .
 This is a great little dictionary . Perhaps I should n't say `` little '' since it has 200,000 definitions . But I use it on my HP 3115 and it seems little . Easy to read , easy to move around the dictionary . You can click on one of the words in the definition and you get a little pop up window that allows you to view that defintion and then return to the previous word or name or whatever . There are biographical and geographic entries as well , not to mention the thesaurus . It is so handy to have such a great reference work within arm 's reach when you need a bit of information . The occasions for its use are endless . Highly recommended .
 This thing is great ! It comes in real handy when there 's no internet connection . The only bad thing is that I also have the encyclopedia . The format does n't allow you to copy and paste both books on a separate SD card , so you have to keep them both with you .
 I started using Expensable when I started my own consulting company in early 2000 . Still use it and love it . Of course there is much that could be done to update it to 2012 standards , but will use it until something better comes along , preferable with an app to my Iphone .
 I bought the Wordsmart product for my son last year . He had taken the SAT and not done as well as I had expected . He used the program about 3 days a week for around 20-30 minutes at each sitting . It was fun hearing him use new words that he 'd learned and the often funny origins . I learned several new words myself ! When he finally took the SAT he felt more confident having used the Wordsmart program and ended up improving his score by 216 points !
 There is so much that can be said for Microsoft 's new Visual Studio . NET programming platform that I will only mention some of the key points here ... For existing OO developers -LRB- Java , C++ , etc. . -RRB-
 I am a new programmer in the . NET arena and have to share my thoughts on this product . I give it a five , and would give it a thousand if I could for the seemingly unlimited list of features.Where do I start ? The programming environment provides easy access to every tool that most programmers commonly need . I am developing data access applications using C# and SQL Server 2000 and I can accomplish all my tasks from the VS.NET interface - from writing and testing stored procedures to authoring Cascading Style Sheets . I only installed the program this morning and by this afternoon I have a functional test application up and running - and I am a novice programmer ! I ca n't wait to explore the other tools that are available in this program.Judging from the comments in the user newsgroups , it appears that many are having installation difficulty . This had me concerned , so I made sure that I read every piece of documentation I could find before I attempted the installation . Well , this paid off as the installation was flawless . I would encourage all new installers to pay close attention to the documentation.The only negative for me is the price . If you are a serious programmer - think investment , not cost .
 First the bad :1 . Lengthy installation process -LRB- up to 1.5 hours -RRB- .2 . Install process assumes full-time broadband connectivity3 . May break existing programs -LRB- beware , installs MDAC 2.7 -RRB- .4 . Quantum changes in IDE . Steep , learning curve -LRB- at least for me -RRB- .5 . Lack of comprehensive backward compatability for Visual Basic 6.0 . Now the good :1 . Server Explorer - Can register all computers and SQL Servers on your network and have access to their event logs and other resources like performance metrics .2 . Roughly 75 % of SQL Server 's Enterprise Manager functionality . Great features for database developers .3 . Object oriented programming available in all languages .4 . Support for nested COBOL script within new ASP.NET feature .5 . Major new flexibility in calling data records with new ADO.NET technology . Can use distributed transactions to call distributed record sets .6 . Very easy web site and web server development . Quantum leap over Visual Interdev .7 . Connectivity wizard to setup web based data forms.These are the most important features to me and only scratch the surface . Truly a transformational technology , but I have to give it a couple of years for the transition from VS 6.0 to really take hold . It 's a lot to get your mind around .
 Most of you reading this review will have used a Microsoft Compiler before , or a Borland product . If you have yet to experience . NET , you are missing out big time.Interface -LRB- 2 sections -RRB- : First Impressions 8/10 - I started up Visual Studio . NET only to see everything ... EVERYTHING has been changed in some way . The reason why this gets an 8 is because it does not do well with new people coming to this product . But once you learn the interface and can get used to it : Current Impressiosn 10/10 - You will find that it is much more productive interface than Visual Studio 6 . Now if your coming from Borland products , you will find that C# and VB is great , and can compete directly with Borland.Usefullness
 Great , functional IDE for true object-oriented development.However , the UML support is held together by glue and scotch tape with the included version of Visio 2002 . Very poorly done , tedious and will not let you perform continuous round-trip engineering.For an outstanding UML/Editor solution , check out Together Control Center . Although written and focused towards Java , it is capable of modeling and generating C# and VB.NET code .
 The most `` programming '' I 've ever done was a bit of server-side JavaScript - but with the IDE and the online help , I 've had no problem sitting down and just chugging away at C# . The problem someone noted about needing an interpreter is incorrect
 Dataviz has been around for a long time , and I 've used their various software packs over the years . I upgraded to Documents To Go 8 from a version included with my Palm , and I have to say that it 's pretty good so far . It 's capable of handling Word , Excel , PowerPoint , PDF and TXT documents . I can use landscape or portrait view with this too ! You can create and edit these files and also power point presentation files . It handles many of the same features you would find on a desktop application like word count and spell check ! Selective Sync allows you to pick and choose which files you want to sync and also your e-mail . It also does pictures , charts , e-mail attachments , etc. . It handles both large and small files well . Documents To Go 8 is much more stable and capable than previous versions - it just keeps getting better and better ! If you need support their web site has a Frequently Asked Questions section that is particularly helpful . Overall this is a great product - thanks Dataviz !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- The software performed very well , both on my VISTA system as well as my Palm Tungsten C. I have no complaints on either the software or the purchase and shipment of the software.Dick Suetterlin
 If you 're a Microsoft developer , you do n't have much choice . There are some semi-lame development tools out there for the . NET platform but this is your only real choice . Of course , this is Version 1.0 of new technology so I expect vast improvements in the future . Microsoft is not famous for coming out with high-quality stuff in version 1 . I think the visual interface looks worse than Visual Studio 6.0 - not as polished . In fact , it looks kind of like they hired the guy who designed the interface for the Forte for Java thing they push over at Sun - uuuuugly .
 If you 're a Microsoft developer , you do n't have much choice . There are some semi-lame development tools out there for the . NET platform but this is your only real choice . Of course , this is Version 1.0 of new technology so I expect vast improvements in the future . Microsoft is not famous for coming out with high-quality stuff in version 1 . I think the visual interface looks worse than Visual Studio 6.0 - not as polished . In fact , it looks kind of like they hired the guy who designed the interface for the Forte for Java thing they push over at Sun - uuuuugly .
 Visual Studio . NET is the ultimate tool for the internet , intranet and stand alone developer from entry to high end specialized development . This kit , the enterprise kit includes every tool and documentation that one would need to build any kind of application intened for a Windows Platform or . NET framework.Visual Studio . NET Enterprise Architect Edition includes the following enhancements over the Enterprise Developer versionMicrosoft Visio-based database modelingCapture and communicate business requirements clearly with conceptual , logical , and physical database modeling tools.Enterprise template project typeShare best practices and provide architectural guidance across the development team with the new Enterprise template project type.Microsoft BizTalk ServerBuild distributed business processes that integrate applications and partners , as well as quickly establish reliable , secure trading relationships with customers and partners over the Web.Overall , no matter where you want to take your code today , you can build it better , smatter , faster with . NET Technologies .
 This Photo Editing Program may be older , but still relevant . I use this daily for business marketing material . Easy to use and affordable !
 My 3-year-old loves this game . He does n't get the characters -LRB- ah , youth ! -RRB- , but he likes the different cars and that they do different things . It took a few tries to get the controls down -LRB- it is an older game , so no mouse control , all keyboard -RRB- but he plays it almost every day!There are quite a few different race courses to choose from as well as characters , although you can not choose Dick Dastardly -LRB- shucks ! -RRB- One more thing to mention , it does run in windows XP fine as long as you open the properties for the game and , under the compatibility tab , choose to run in windows 95 mode . You might have to do that for the setup program as well -LRB- sorry , it 's been a while so I do n't remember -RRB- .
 Wacky Races is cool . 4 racers are n't in this game . The ones that are in this game are Peter Perfect , Gruesome Twosome , Sergent , Penelope Pitstop , Red Max , The Slag Brothers , and Dick Dastardly and his dog Muttley . Unfortulently , Dick Dastardly is not one of the racers you can choose from , but is in the races . There is a lot of tracks . There are shortcuts in most tracks . You can race in a singe race , a championship , or you can practice . There are weapons and mobility .
 Wacky Races is cool . 4 racers are n't in this game . The ones that are in this game are Peter Perfect , Gruesome Twosome , Sergent , Penelope Pitstop , Red Max , The Slag Brothers , and Dick Dastardly and his dog Muttley . Unfortulently , Dick Dastardly is not one of the racers you can choose from , but is in the races . There is a lot of tracks . There are shortcuts in most tracks . You can race in a singe race , a championship , or you can practice .
 I loved this game ! It is fun for the whole family ... my husband loves it just as much as the kids do !
 This is a great game for both kids and adults , whether your a fan of the show or not . The game stays true to the TV series with colorful backrounds and features 7 of the 10 characters . If your looking for a game that you can pop in and play this is one . Trust me , you wo n't be foiled !
 This one of the best strategy games I have ever play.Cool weapons , several missions , dead match ... but the best is play this against somebody else -LRB- 2,3,4 advesaries , the more the merrier -RRB- . You really get to think your movements , you ca n't just play an Armaggedon , a Holy Hand Granade or a Concrete Donkey , any time or any place , it is a calculated risk , you sould some times make sacrifices for a greater gain later ... This game is just great , the lost star is because when you finish some play modes you should get some sort if ending , I do n't know ... something that says `` You reach the maximun rank '' or something like this.But this game means hours of fun for people from 9 years to 25 and counting .
 This is possibly the best 2-track editing tool on the market thus far , and without putting a hole in your pocket too . Having the opportunity to sample a `` full version '' of Sound Forge 8 from Sony for a 30 day period , I was immediately sold and knew sooner or later I HAVE TO have it . During the time I was evaluating Sound Forge 8 , I came to realized that Sony not only let me tried out the basics but I was granted FULL permission to go skin deep and utilized every tool on this amazing software . In retrospect , I was able to clean up and re-mastered a few songs from my vinyl collection for free - up until the time it expired.So I bought it ! The reasons were all of the above - and then some ... the box included ` CD Architect 5.2 ' & ` Noise Reduction 2.0 ' . One of the reasons that I wanted this software so bad was the `` Scrubbing '' and `` Pencil '' tool . I use the features to scrub in areas where the clicks and pops or `` glitches '' -LRB- shown as unusual high peaks when zoomed in -RRB- and alternately using the pencil to smoothly redraw the waveform , bringing them to a stage where they are totally eliminated , and without causing destruction to the highs and lows whatsoever . These ingenious tools has allowed me to clean up my -LSB- old -RSB- vinyl records without having to use any sort of `` noise reduction '' to cover up the whole song compared to similar softwares on the market . It allowed me the freedom to clean/edit ONLY the parts needed and in contrast , preserved the original sound quality without any loss of frequency - all in real-time and totally non-destructive ! My conclusion
 I 've used Sound Forge to transfer cassettes , records and albums to mp3 format , and to enhance `` old '' recordings.It includes a bunch of `` linkable '' sound processors to fine tune output . I use a `` hiss / pop '' remover with the sound equalizer to make analog music and speech sound respectable , although not CD quality.I 'm fairly certain that if I knew all there is to know about this software I could get much higher quality results , but the results I 've received to-date have been very good.The best feature of Sound Forge is that it 's so easy to use . You can use basic controls to get very quick , very good results.It 's simple to copy , paste , reverse -LRB- good for Beatles songs with backmasking -RRB- and `` fix '' problems in your recordings . It even allows you to increase / decrease the volume of your recordings and add ID3 tags.You can save in a wide range of output formats and levels of quality . Of course , the higher the quality , the larger the output file and the longer it takes to `` process '' and save your results.I know there are hundreds of other amazing features in Sound Forge , but I probably wo n't ever use them , since I just needed recording software to `` optimize '' older music and Old Time Radio shows . It 's been great for every recording use , thus far.I 'm very glad I bought Sound Forge ! I highly recommend it .
 Used it extensively to edit the sound track of the major motion picture release : Fleshpainter 's Silly Naked GirlsYou ca n't always have the voices you want from the actors you use , so sometimes you just have to modify them !
 Excellent wave-editing software . Many excellent features . Needed for the upgrade version of Sony Sound Forge 9 or you can simply purchase the full , latest version . I 've used Sound Forge for many years , starting when it was still developed by Sonic Foundry . Besides all its great features , one feature consistent with all versions is the ability to select individual channels . This is something I 've never seen in any other wave-editing program .
 For those of you that have used WAV editors this product may or may not be great . For those of you who are starting out with WAV editing I do n't know of an easier product out there . I had problems editing -LRB- splices -RRB- of takes until now . The marker feature for labeling the parts to be removed or attached together is great . The CD Architect protion is a pain to use compared with Nero or CD Creator . I would ' t bother loading it . I have not tried the Noise Reduction yet .
 Undelete 5 Professional Edition from Executive Software provides real-time data protection with instant recovery for your system . Many files bypass the Windows recycle bin to be lost forever . But Undelete 5 replaces the recycle bin with a Recovery Bin that captures all deleted files , allowing them to be recovered instantly . Undelete 5 now includes Microsoft Office Version Protection . You can also open and preview files directly from the recovery bin . Additionally enhanced recover-from-disk functionality allows enhanced recovery of files deleted before Undelete was installed .
 Gregory S.M. wrote he had some problems sharing his applications with his friends because of the necessity to distribute some . dll and . blp files.In fact there is a way to create stand alone applications by following this procedure : - Go to the options panel in the Project menu . - Switch to the `` Linker '' Tab and unselect `` Use Dynamic RTL '' - Switch to the `` Packages '' Tab and unselect `` Build with runtime packages '' . Now you can compile your project and you have a stand alone executable , so no need to distribute it with any . blp or . dll file !
 I am stunned that there is n't more demand for Borland C++ Builder developers . I am a software developer/software engineer and have worked in the industry for over 15 years now . I use Microsoft Visual Studio -LRB- only because this is what todays market demands -RRB- , but will ALWAYS use Borland C++ Builder if I have the choice . I find that the same thing can be accomplished much more quickly using Borland C++ Builder than with Visual Studio . My clients are very impressed with the systems I produce -LRB- and pay me accordingly -RRB- and awe at how quickly I get large systems implemented . At the end of the day though , I 'm ashamed , embarrassed , and I feel like a fraud because really it 's Borland C++ Builder that makes me look good . Thanks Borland - you have a loyal supporter here .
 Borland 's C++ products have always been execellent . I use both C++ Builder and Microsoft 's Visual C++ 6.0 professionally , and C++ Builder is a much better IDE for creating windows applications , especially database apps.C + + Builder is simple to use with all objects easily accessed through its properties and methods window . GUI construction is very simple with drag and drop objects , all callback functions are automatically constructed unlike MSVC + + , and deleting an object from a GUI removes removes all IDE generated code , unlike MSVC + + . I highly recommend Borland C++ BuilderSnittselfritzPCLFOO NINJA
 I am an experienced c++ programmer but was a little rusty after several years away from c++ . So first I tried MS Studio . I found it so frusterating to get started I gave up . The next day I tried again and gave up again . Third day same thing . So then I ordered Builder . I was up and productive in about a half hour . What a difference . Admitedly I had Delphi experience which helped but still it seems clear to me that the environment is much easier , simpler and faster . There are some negative reviews - maybe those problems show up later but not so far for me .
 I am surprised at the reviews not showing a picture of a program . Do n't you want to bragg about a pretty program ? I want to know-ish it is windows , like xp . I make a lot of purely home programs anyway , so all I need to know is , is it window-ish or dos-ish . I 'll be back.Thanks-ish . Roggie .
 I am very dissapointed of the reviews that this written to this application . C++ Builder is much easier to learn than f.ex . Visual C++ . If you are looking for A RAD -LRB- Rapid Application Development -RRB- solution , then this is your solution.The RAD environment inside this product is great , and very productive . The producer of this software , Borland also let you choose from several editions based on your needs
 I got this package to learn programming in C++ in Windows for work . One reason I got this edition over a similar one published by Microsoft is that this compiler will optimize - the low-end MS compiler does not . The greatest feature is that the `` Getting Started '' book shows you how to program a simple text editor ! There is very little code writing , and in one afternoon I came up to speed . Likewise , I had a running start on a simple application I want to write.I highly recommend this package ! It helps to have previous programming experience , especially in C++ -LRB- or even in C -RRB- . I am only somewhat familiar with C++ -LRB- but very familiar with C -RRB- , and after one afternoon , I felt confident to embark on my own application !
 So I bought this item . At first he had some difficulty with converting the files he already had , but after talking with the teacher and other students , he now has it up and running . He likes the program , but as he is only using it for his own enjoyment , we did not need to worry about copyrite issues . For what we needed it for , it works great .
 Its good to have and nice to use , but it is a little confusing unless you read the entire manual . I ca n't really complain .
 Just to let you folks in on a little secret.A software user did not buy the full version of Borland C++ Builder but a trial version . There is a difference , a 60 day and $ 60 dollar difference . However I will be ordering the correct version . I have been using older versions of Builder for a while now and I feel it 's one of the better products out there . With Microsoft I am a bit confused as to why they are releasing so many products and trying to push C# like there 's no tommorow . I think C++ still has a ways to go and will be a very solid programming language to come . C# does n't really interest me as that shows Microsoft really trying to turn C++ into something it 's not . Yes I also know it 's there to compete with Java and the like but I do n't care . I have Java and C++ . That 's good enough for me.Thanks Borland for not trying to mess around with C++ . SoulMan
 Go to www.borland.com and download their full featured evaluation copy , time crippled , and decide for youself if this product is any good . And if you are one of the 10 people in the world who do n't have a high speed internet connection then request their evaulation copy be sent to you via CD . -LRB- It 's an option on their form if you do n't want to download nearly 200MBs . -RRB- One reviewer said Borland 's site 's a mess . That 's not true . I just clicked on downloads from the main page , filled out an annoying form , and was downloading within a minute . Furthermore their site is quick . I downloaded at 361KB/S which is probably the max for my cable.I rated Borland 5 stars before reviewing their product since Amazon does n't allow you to leave the rating field in the form blank . Though I am happy they have a download site so I can evaluate their product it does n't get them 5 stars . If Amazon lets me edit this review I 'll do so in a few days after I 've had a chance to use the product .
 Although I can not comment on this version of Borland C++ Builder , the company I work at switched from Visual Studio to Borland C++ Builder Enterprise about 6 months ago . I have to say that I am extremely impressed with the Enterprise version . Have never seen anything like it before -LRB- well , VB was kind of like it , only nowhere near as good -RRB- . Our company has increased it 's turnover thanks to this product , as we 're now completing projects in a fraction of the time.The only thing that concerns me is the ` head architect ' dude who left Borland and went to Microsoft . You can really see his work shining through the new Microsoft Visual Studio . NET environment , and I dare say that VS . NET is much easier to use than VS6.I am also a little concerned about the lack of support there is when it concerns the use of Borland 's MIDAS -LRB- now called DataSnap -RRB- 3-tier technology -LRB- not available in the Personal release -RRB- . In terms of 3-tier architectures , Borland -LRB- IMHO -RRB- wins hands down . DataSnap is brilliant and easy to use . Just need more help on DataSnap for BCB6 -LRB- there is plenty for Delphi -RRB- . A very satisfied customer ...
 Borland C++ builder , makes coding easy.Let me explain . You have a simple console program . You have transferred your concept from paper to a program . The C++ Buider has console project that you can create , to slot your . cpp file in , and then compile . Easy!But you ask
 If your doing Digital Video and transporting files between computers than you need this . As you know DV files are huge and transfer time takes away from development time . The less time you spend transferring files -LRB- i.e. burning DVDs & CDs , Ethernet , whatever -RRB- the more time you can be creative and in tight production schedules this is invaluable . My first transfer -LRB- after hours of trying to get it to work , more on that later -RRB- was a 738MB Avi and it transferred in about 41 seconds , that 's 18MB/sec or 144Mb/sec . Whoa !!! All I can say is that I 'm happy.Now the reason for 4 stars and not 5 is probably due to my little to no knowledge of networking . I followed the instructions and the install went smoothly . I had a connection and everything , but for the life of me I could not get the Windows XP and Windows 2000 Workgroup to function correctly . They could see each other but I would always get a permissions type of error . After many hours of trying this and trying that from posts on newsgroups about workgroups in windows I finally just called the support line and Greg had me up and running in 10 minutes . He just had me Map a network drive on both machines and like magic it worked . If you ' r having trouble do this : - assign IP addresses 192.168.10.1 and 192.168.10.2 to the other.-be sure you can ping the ip addresses -LRB- be sure to shutdown zonealarm on both machines - > right click system tray icon -RRB- - open windows explorer , tools - > Map Network DriveIn folder type \ \ `` ip address '' \ `` folder name `` for example \ \ 192.168.10.2 \ shared-folder-be sure the folder is shared and you 're good to go.I mentioned to Greg that maybe they should include this in the pdf file that comes with the download . Hopefully they 'll update it .
 I tried the demo version of Firenet before I purchased and found it to be so much faster then my Ethernet network that I 've now go my home systems all on Firenet . The time savings on file transfer has been outstanding , esp . with all the audio and video files I have ! Our gaming sesions have even noticed an improvement in lag with Firenet.I ca n't rate it a 5 as the setup did require that I know something about networks , however after a email to their support I was able to complete the install and do my testing .
 This is an impressive product . Assuming that you have Firewireports on your PC 's -LRB- and most high end machines do , or buy a cheap PCI card -RRB- Firenet beats Ethernet -LRB- 10/100 -RRB- hands down.Great for video transfers and gaming . The set-up is a bit of a hassle , otherwise 5 *
 i purchased this product recently and i connected my 3 stations at home.I am using WinXP , Windows 2000 and the third computer has Windows Millenium.The setup was very fast and i didnt have any problems with the cards OR the software.I give a 4 star rate because the setup needs a bit of networking knowledge but if you get it the speeds are really high .
 I admit I 'm a Borland devotee , having used their development products for the past ten years . And while I do n't think the visual basic IDE 's as bad as some people do -LRB- especially the latest version -RRB- , I 'd have to say Borland C++ gives you a versatility VC + + ca n't touch . Borland 's interface is brilliant for GUIs - you just drag your components onto a form , and then alter/optimise the code you need to . Additionally , the GUIs it creates are platform-independent , so all you have to do is recompile to get your program working on another platform . The compiler itself is incredibly fast - this is definitely the best RAD environment available for C++ , and I 'd say the tool of choice for any serious professional developer . -LRB- Having said all this , Borland 's eagerly awaited C++ Builder 2006 is now available , although not yet via Amazon . -RRB-
 This is one of the best programming anvironment I 've ever used . If you like c++ and want all windows , buttons , frames , databases elements ready to use this is just for you . In the box Windows and Linux -LRB- kylix -RRB- version is included . I have not run linux version yet . I did a very large program to analyses internet discission for my MC using it !
 I recently retired from the aerospace industry and wanted to write a technical book . The book would require significant computer code and direction . I had used Borland 's C++ Builder in my career and was always impressed how fast and easy it was to generate computer projects . I should mention that I am not a programmer but an engineer that can program . In my place of business , most people used Microsoft products and did n't use Borland , I never did understand why . I spent about a year looking for a Microsoft product that would take the place of Borland with the thought that it would make my book more sell-able . I looked at every compiler from Visual C++ through Visual Basic and nothing would do . If Microsoft had a C++ platform with the interface of Visual Basic , then they might have a good product . I found the compilers slow and extremely difficult to write windows code . Borland was head-and-shoulders above anything from Microsoft . True , Borland C++ Builder has some short comings , but if you want to get up and running and generate professional looking code in the shortest time you ca n't beat it . After wasting a year looking at alternative compilers , I decided to write my book using Borlands C++ Builder 6.0 Professional compiler , I wanted use the best for my effort . If you decide to go with Borland , I would recommend getting `` Borland C++ Builder How-To '' book by John Miano . The book has some great problem solvers and ways of getting the most out of Borland .
 for building C++ programs in Windows , this is the best route for fast program development in a visual IDE .
 I am a computer guru at the age of 13 and I wanted to start writing my own programs and so i got the Borland C++ Builder 6 Profesionalby Borland International and it was very easy and simple to use , but for some parts i had to order the books for c++ programming . So if you want to learn to program buy this product and the programming books for c++ .
 I purchased this product over a month ago and was very pleased with the seller and the product ! It arrived very quickly , was well packaged . The added bonus was that the product was in like new condition with original box , installation guide , even the warranty card.I 'm extremely pleased with the product and the Seller .
 I bought this MAC OS 9 thinking that I could install it on a G4 that I was told I needed to better manufacture my product . However the G4 I bought was too new an edition to support the software . But from everything I read on the package , from the voice password capability to the Sherlock 2 features , I can understand why this version had such a following.The box I bought had all the original update coupons , and appeared to be in full compliance with the user license agreement . I would have been very comfortable had I actually been able to use the software.But I did not have any trouble re selling it , or the G4 at that.This speaks volumes of the system , and based on its following I give it 5 stars .
 I know the other reviewer said he had all kinds of problems with Adobe giving him a serial number . Well , I had a totally opposite experience . First , my desktop computer finally died a few days ago , and it took my vLog It installation down with it . When I tried to install on another computer , it demanded the serial number . I just went to the Adobe website as directed by the notice I got when I went to Serious Magic 's website . I got on a chat with an Adobe customer service rep , and less than 10 minutes later he gave me the serial number . I thanked him , and presto , I was registered and using the software ! I can not account for someone else 's experience , I can just tell you mine . Hey , this even occurred 3 years after I had purchased the software , and after the software had actually gone defunct and been replaced by Visual Communicator , an Adobe product . I have no complaints at all over this matter . Adobe did well by me .
 I 've used Paint Shop Pro for years , but version 8.1 is incredible ! If you have an earlier version , just the Effects Browser upgrade alone is worth it . It 's powerful , flexible , and - most important - STILL REASONABLY priced ! I 'm amazed at what I can do with this , and I 'm still exploring . Anyone who pays 6 or 8 times more for a competing product is being ripped off . This is all you need !
 After fumbling aroud with Adobe PhotoDeluxe 4.0 Home for eight months , I tried a trial download of Paint Shop Pro 8 . Wow . I was able to edit and print photos without constantly groping through the help menu . Best of all , my wife is starting to think that my digital camera was not a complete waste of money , as I am finally able to doctor up and enlarge some photos of the kids for her . Give this program a try , I think you 'll like it .
 My husband and I teach digital cameras , computers and software to over 10,000 people every year . PSP 8.0 is one of the programs that we both demonstrate and recommend to our workshop attendees.We have used PSP 7.0 and feel the PSP 8.0 is indeed an excellent improvement over version 7.0 . We also do not see any loss of flexibility , output , or features in version 8.0 . We recommend this program because it is far easier to learn than Paintshop and has the majority of the Photoshop features .
 I 'm told JASC PaintShop Pro is the best buy if you want to move up from MS Paint and MS Composer . I use it now for its advanced features such as changing color photos to black and white , scanning , resolution adjustments , etc. . However , for drawing , I 've stuck with MS Paint since I ca n't seem to get PaintShop Pro to do what I want it to do . So , if you buy this program , you might want to budget time and money for a quick class on the program unless you want to spend endless days in the Help files .
 It is great for kid and adults who want to do graphics on the internet or other things like names tags , banners and posters !
 I just received my new copy and improvements over 7 are great.As reviewed the background eraser is super , saves a lot of workwhen doing tubes . I ony wish I could find a new Idiot 's book tohelp . Would recommend to everyone .
 I got the trial and loved it . I bought it on another website for $ 15 though . Also the site closed down . But since im a graphic designer this is the perfect product . Seriously its way better than 9 . It has great features to make your image great , lots of memory , i love using the brushes , i uploaded my own . So i think you should buy this product . Its worth your money , and you will love it . Better than photoshop .
 I upgraded to PSP 8 and love it . PSP 8 has been rewritten from the ground up and it shows . The background eraser , scripting , eyedroppers for black and white points , excellent photo tools and customizable interface make this version the best ever . I really love the way you can change and control almost everything from menus to buttons in PSP 8 , making the user interface truly something you can use . In my opinion , PSP 8 is the only software the average person would need for photo enhancements and/or web graphics . Most of my use is for enhancing my photos from my 2 digital cameras . This new version makes many of my tasks much easier than before .
 Thought PSP 7 was great ? Try this ! I moved on to PSP 7 from PhotoShop 5.5 when PS was getting too expensive . I expected to lose a lot of the functionality of PS but was very pleasantly surprised.Now with PSP 8 , jasc have outdone themselves with a product that shines . We are all used to new versions and I suppose we start to get a bit jaded to get asked for more money for a new product that , in a lot of cases , is hardly better than the previous one.That doesnt apply with PSP 8 . It really is a great improvement on an already great product . For example
 I 've been a user of Paint Shop Pro since version 3 and over the past year I 've used version 7 . I recently upgraded to version 8 , thanks to the very affordable price . Without a doubt , Jasc typically makes great software at a very reasonable price.Compared to PSP7 , PSP8 offers several advantages . One of the biggest is that on complicated images with multiple layers , it no longer takes several seconds to do simple operations like flood filling . The general performance of the painting component is much faster than before . PSP8 also brings with it a new interface more akin to Photoshop . It is much cleaner and more compact . There is a ton of information right at your fingertips now in centralized locations instead of scattered across various floating menus . Indeed , the whole package is a lot more organized than before.There are other minor new features that are nice additions . One great addition is the emergence of a freehand pen tool that allows you to more easily draw with the mouse by smoothing any curve you draw -LRB- similar to Macromedia Flash -RRB- . The sensitivity is adjustable . There are also a few new special effects . Another new function is scripting . For all of those tedious graphic manipulation tasks where you find yourself doing the exact same thing repeatedly , you can automate routine actions using scripting . Again , another great idea . Previous in PSP7 , Jasc offered automatic color , contrast , and saturation enhancements for any photograph . Here , they 've integrated them into the `` one step photo fix '' feature that , as advertised , tries to fix an entire picture in the push of a button . To my surprise , it works remarkably well.However , there is a negative side to PSP8 . It has a host of strange quirks and bugs . Perhaps thanks to the rewrite , some parts of PSP8 are unstable . While the program does n't crash per se , it does n't function like it should in some cases . In several cases , I 've observed the Undo function breaking completely or even undo'ing the wrong portions of the image . In another case , a saved file did not save correctly when using the PNG exporter . And yet the worst part is that these bugs are rather nondeterministic . They occur sometimes and not others . Without a doubt , PSP8 would have benefit from more testing as even with the most recent patch installed , it has n't earned my trust yet unlike PSP7.If you can tolerate the quirks , however , you gain a significant increase in speed when dealing with complex multi-layered images . It 's a toss , really . If you 're like me and you deal with such images , you might deal with the bugs and enjoy the speed increase . For the casual user , though , I would be cautious recommending this one over PSP7 .
 If you 're seeking an outstanding and economically priced graphics editor that competes on many levels for Adobe 's hugely more expensive Photoshop , V8 of Jasc Paint Shop Pro is a great buy ! Whatever you do , avoid the later Corel versions of this masterful product . I purchased the post-acquisition version , Corel Paint Shop Pro X -- as a long time user of Jasc 's excellent software , I was disappointed and felt betrayed by the horrendous modifications made to the product by Corel . Corel has managed to morph Jasc 's sleek , effective , intelligently implemented , high productivity tool into yet another of the many bloated , unreliable `` all in one '' software products on the market that do nothing well and lock up your computer in the process . On my dual-processor high performance P4 system , Corel 's X version takes 30 secons just to load !!! Bottom line ? Get this version . . Jasc 's PSP 8 is and will always be a terrific graphics editor that you will be happy with .
 I have used PSP 8 now for about 1 month . Upgraded from PSP 7 . I 'm still getting used to it , but I can say I like it , and am glad I upgraded . The first thing to do if you buy the boxed version after you load it go to JASC.Com and download all the little fixes for it . The file is almost 25Mb in size so if you are using a dial-up connection it will take a while . But it takes care of all the little problems users have told them about . With PSP 7 I had to do the same thing . But it 's nice to see a company stay on top of these type things with the software they sell . I also purchased 2 books on Amazon to help me get a feel for the changes . '' Paint Shop Pro 8 fast & easy '' and `` Paint Shop Pro 8 zero to hero '' I feel this product is worth the price and is fun and easy to use . Would give it 5 stars if their manuals were writen better . The program itself 6 stars .
 When I was younger and had more time on my hands I was a very serious amateur complete with his own film darkroom -LRB- you remember those , do n't you . -RRB- The advent of the digital camera and imaging software has actually allowed me to get back into the `` digital darkroom '' at a lot less expense and time commitment , and with a quantum leap -LRB- maybe even two or three leaps -RRB- in creativity opportunities . Also , I have a technical background and am very comfortable with software . My first experience has been with software that came with my digital camera , namely Photo Impressions 4 , and with my computer , namely Dell Imager . I found both of these to be really good and user friendly for a beginner . These programs got me hooked on digital imaging . Once hooked , I wanted to move on to software with more capability , but did n't want to go the full Pro route . After researching the subject , I decided to download free trials of Adobe Photo Shop Elements 2 and Jasc Paint Shop Pro 8 . I made the assumption , well supported by other reviews , that either program would have more than enough capability for my needs . I focused on user friendliness , ease of learning , and how likely I would remember how to use the software after a period of a month or so of not using it -LRB- probably typical for most beginners/amateurs -RRB- . This last point is important , because it could become a barrier to continued use . Without going into all the gory details -LRB- see the other reviews - they make excellent points on technical details -RRB- , here 's how I reacted . After using the Adobe product for a few hours , I decided that it is n't particularly user friendly and would take quite a bit of effort on my part to learn how to use it with confidence . Also , I was convinced that after a month or so of non-use , I would have to retrain . I decided not to purchase the Adobe product . After using the Jasc product for about 15 minutes , I got hooked . It 's user friendly , intuitive , fairly easy to learn , and I am sure that I 'll be able to get back up-to-speed quickly after a few months of not using it . This is a no-brainer , I 'm going to purchase Paint Shop Pro 8 .
 I had been using Photoshop 7 for almost a year when I tried a trial version of Paint Shop Pro 8 . This program sold itself to me in about 15 minutes . It is so easy to use and does just about all that Photoshop does and more . The only tool I now use in Photoshop is the healing brush on a rare occassion . PSP 8 fills every need totally . It even has some features not found anywhere else . The scratch removal tool is incredible and works on many things ... scratches are removed one by one , so you do n't have a generally blurred image to get rid of scratches . And it also can remove face wrinkles , blemishes and just about any other imperfection you can find . I like the program so much that I also bought the Xtras 1 and 2 and the Virtual Painter program that works as a plug in . The only thing I do wish would change is their pricing policy . It is very erratic , so watch how much you pay and the current rebates . There is a suite of programs offered at the moment that after rebate is cheaper than the main program alone most of the time . But , as for the program itself , it is the best .
 To be honest Adobe Photoshop is the top pro paint/photo package to use but I find myself turning to Paint Shop Pro very often . Let me list the reasons why . - It is quicker than Adobe Photoshop . - It has enough functions to do most of the things I need . - It is easy to use . - The learning curve is not steep . - The package is smaller in hard drive size that Photoshop . - It can do the vast majority of things that Photoshop can do.In short , if you want to learn a pro package then learn Adobe Photoshop , but Photoshop has a very steep learning curve . If you are looking for an easier paint/photo package that you can almost start producing with right out of the box then this is one to get . It is easier than Photoshop but Photoshop still tops it for functionality.I use this package a lot . An aweful lot . It fits a perfect market niche for semi-pro or domestic paint/photo software users .
 As a pro-am photopgraher I ca n't say too many good things about this gem of an application . PSP has matured over the years into a full featured image editor that can compete with anything Adobe can produce in this price range . I use PSP along with Adobe Elements as they both have their minor nuances . It is unlikely that you will be left wanting any more features or capabilities with this package . Although it is so feature rich that it can take some time to find all of the capabilities ... buy it , spend the time and have some fun .
 The overaall program could be more user friendly . For the price , it is a good buy.photo fixer is really GREAT . The picture tool is also GREAT.The scripts are nice.It does n't have some of the features similar programs have.Could have more filters and frames . A lot could be improved with the flood fill tool
 This is a great program ! it can do it all . much better than other big name products , I had MS image 9 and it stinks compared to this , Pro 8 is so much easier to use , especially good bargain now that it 's the `` old '' version , the new version does n't give that much more for the extra cost !
 A lot of negative critisism here that 's either been sorted or is from those who do n't like any visual changes from version to version IMO . So some defaults are different , tweak them.OK , the button graphics have changed - just customise the toolbars to the same positions as in 7 & your mouse will hover instinctively in the right areas.I prefer the new UI - it took very little time to adjust to it . Most tools now have presets that can be saved . Crop now has Maintain Aspect Ratio . The improvements are numerous
 In addition to all the powerful features -LRB- way more than I could list , but I have n't run into any limitations yet -RRB- , PSP 8 has brought the ability to fully customize the interface and save it for later . I 've made several workspaces that fit the style I want . The ability to record scripts makes it easy to turn multi-step tasks into one button execution . I always get a kick out of those who compare this to PhotoShop . Photoshop is hard to use and really expensive . PSP 8 is , for almost all practical purposes , just as capable , but is easier to use and a whole lot less expensive . If you like PSP7 , try 8 . Take the time to learn the new features and customize it until it fits your style . It 's really great !
 I am not an artist but I have used both Photoshop and Paint Shop Pro . PSP is by far the easier , more intuitive and far cheaper product . I have used version 5 , 6 , 7 and they all are great . -LRB- MS photo editor and other tools are useless compared with this tool . -RRB- I have yet to find something I could n't do . Certainly , some of the editting I have done took a while to figure out . But that was more a matter of figuring out what the operation was called to find it in help . If I was an artist I probably would know the right words . Once I find it in Help , the answer is clear with step-by-step guides.If you want to edit images , this is the tool . Note
 I am not an artist but I have used both Photoshop and Paint Shop Pro . PSP is by far the easier , more intuitive and far cheaper product . I have used version 5 , 6 , 7 and they all are great . -LRB- MS photo editor and other tools are useless compared with this tool . -RRB- I have yet to find something I could n't do . Certainly , some of the editting I have done took a while to figure out . But that was more a matter of figuring out what the operation was called to find it in help . If I was an artist I probably would know the right words . Once I find it in Help , the answer is clear with step-by-step guides.If you want to edit images , this is the tool . Note
 This is definitely the best software around . Of course , it depends what you 're looking for.If you make graphics and animations for personal use , like me , this is great . I usually get pictures from websites , or products such as The Big Box of Art 350,000 or Art Explosion 200,000 . You may want to use Paint Shop Pro 8 for various reasons . You are able to improve your photos in any way you can think of -LRB- i.e. , remove red eye , scratches , add bubbles , improve perspective . distort , etc. -RRB- Or , you can create/edit clipart in ANY FORMAT , and save it in ANY FORMAT -LRB- i.e. , GIF , JPEG , BMP , CUR , etc. -RRB- My favorite feature in this product is the ability to put different parts of a picture on different layers.I hope this review helps !
 The best way to describe this program is to say it 's Photoshop 7.0 's rival that is cheaper , can do everything photoshop can , the only tricky part is that some of the tools do n't handle aswell and some handle better , like the brushes look all sketchy like Microsoft Paint but that can be easilly fixed with some knowhow.This program is great for newbies and children/teens to express themselfs with , please buy .
 I really like PSP8 . I have yet to buy it but I have used the free trial and I love it . Recently I was scanning in very old photographs for my Grandfather . Some of them were in pretty bad shape . First I would adjust the color and contrast of the photos because the scanner tinted them some . Then I would use the scratch remover . This little tool does wonders . I also had to use the clone tool on occasion . I was able to basically rebuild a corner of a picture with this tool . You ca n't even tell that there was something wrong to begin with . I wish I could show it to all of you , but alas , I ca n't . I would recommend PSP8 for all . I even used it to make some wallpapers for my computer . It is a very fun program . I have also tried Photoshop CS . Both programs are very cool and useful .
 Paint Shop Pro 8 is such a wonderful program . It 's not as complicated as Adobe Photo Shop , but makes really beautiful graphics . I recommend Paint Shop Pro 8 for ANYONE , beginners or advanced users !
 Order was shipped and received very fast . My expectations were met at 100 % .
 The delivery was faster than I expected . And just as promised , I received my cd with the registration card .
 If you ca n't afford the price of Photoshop , this is the product to get . Paint Shop Pro can do everything that Photoshop does at 1/4 the cost . It 's a great product that I still use to this day !
 Once you have actually read the tutorials and run some of the videos in the help section , you can do a lot.Plus , I have discovered more than just a few places on the net that explain how to do so many clever trickswith images . This program makes it easy to do things to images .
 I 'm a long time user and like the transparency effect in 8 . I use it a lot on graphics to get rid of backgrounds in photos and graphics so that I can fit more in Powerpoint . It has the usual eyedropper , layering , etc. and is a great program . I do n't know if I 'll upgrade to 9 'cause this does what I want . I 've switched over to Roxio EMC8 for photo editing just because they improved the tools and does what I want . However if I feel the need to do more complex editing , this is the program .
 im 14 and play neoopets 24/7 i love to make guild layouts with celebs on them with this i could make them colorful . . have great effects and have it all come together to look great ! ive heard photoshop is better but PHOTOSHOP iS WAYYYY TO EXPENSiVE ! so i try to stick to the psp 's now i have v. 9 and i feel its worth it !
 Do n't mistake this for a ripper of a review , this is one of the best price/performance graphics programs out there -LRB- okay GIMP is free so if you get anything out of it its p/p numbers are better , but I much prefer PSP -RRB- . That said I do n't think the jump in features and functionality from 7-8 was as defining to me as the jump from 6-7 . I could point to increases in my productivity when I moved to 7 almost immediately , in the jump to 8 things have been less marked . Still , I am glad that I purchased this program and sometimes it is those small touches that make something superior .
 Paint Shop Pro is the best art software I have ever used.It is easy to use for both photos and art projects.Once you have it you will never need another art program .
 Paint Shop Pro version 8.1 is incredible ! It 's powerful , flexible , and a very good price ! If you have an earlier version , just the Effects Browser upgrade alone is worth it . I 'm amazed at what I can do with this , and I 'm still exploring . It contains all you need !
 I 've used lots of graphics editing programs and this one is the best & easiest for the money.I upgraded from PSP7 and PSP8 was a bit buggy but the final upgrade 8.10 finally made it great & JASC mailed me the new CD with final upgrade without me having to even ask : -RRB- Those of you that miss the way PSP7 LOOKED ... just load the PSP7 Workspace on PSP8 and TADA ! There you have it , PSP7 setup again!I do n't know who the heck said all the good reviews are from people working for the company but I know I do n't work for them , I 'm just a stay at home mommy with a love for graphics ... but if you 'd like to hire me JASC , Gim me a call ! LOLI have NO bugs since version 8.10 and it runs fine on my P4 1gb ram WinXP computer .
 I have used Photoshop 5.0 LE and also my daughters Photoshop 7.0 . I really liked Photoshop 7 but could n't find a real copy that I could afford -LRB- I did get sold an illegal copy but luckily got my money back -RRB- and Photoshop CS was way out of my reach . I was thinking about going back to Photoshop 6 and was searching the web for a review of Photoshop 6 and 7 . What I found was a comparison of Photoshop 6 and Paint Shop Pro 7 , and I was impressed with what I read about PSP.I also found that JASC allowed you to download a 60 day full trial version . I downloaded the trial version and was sold after 3 days and purchased a full copy . I mostly want to edit photo 's and this program does everything that I want it to . I am sure that Photoshop 7 has some features that PSP 8 does n't have , but I am not sure what they would be.When you figure that PSP 8 cost about 80 % less that Photoshop CS , I just do n't think you can go wrong with this program . It is sure worth a 60 day free trial before you spend a lot of money on something else .
 I have always loved Paintshop Pro , beginning with Version 3 . For many years I have been using version 5.03 without problem and with great results . When Version 8 came out and I read the reviews , I knew I had to finally upgrade . I am not disappointed one bit . I have used various versions of Photoshop , including Elements , but I still come back to Paintshop and prefer it for many reasons that I will not go into here , except for one
 I just got this program for my birthday , I have to say it is a enormous upgrade from the microsoft photodraw , that program was aggrevating . in micorsoft 's PhotoDraw 2000 it would always put a border around my pictures , and there was no way to save a picture at a different color depth than 16 million colors . In psp 8 all my dreams came true , i can change my color depth to 8-bit in 2 clicks of a mouse button . this program is great for mappers out there , i reskinned some half-life models for my map , and it required a 8-bit texture to work . this program made it easy . Also converting , making , and resizing textures for my map is easier than ever . I love this program , although the way they arranged the stuff is a little awkward at first i got used to it , after i read some of the manual.Since this was the first time for me to use any other program other than MSPD2000 in 4 years , its a definate upgrade from where i was . the last psp program i used before this was psp2 and that was a really long time ago.Also , psp 8 cant do as much as photoshop , but it can do alot of the same stuff ; if you have 1000 bucks go buy your photoshop , but if you do n't buy this . its that simple .
 I 've been a long-time user of PSP going back to the shareware days . Over the years , and with the purchase of a digital camera about three years ago , I 've slowly learned how such programs really work and what is possible . -LRB- Hint for newbies
 This is the last `` Jasc '' version that is notbloated with megs of usless stuff . Works greatand is easy to use .
 I love PSP . I 've used it since version 3 , and I 've always been impressed by what I could do with it . Paint Shop Pro 8 -LRB- and by `` 8 '' I 'm really referring to `` 8.1 '' -RRB- is the best yet . More intuitive , more features , etc. I have only 2 complaints that keep it from being 5 stars . One is that - depending on your RAM and CPU - it can take awhile to load its very large . dll library . It uses a lot of resources to do what it does.The other continues to be a peeve with me
 I 'm a longtime user of PSP 7 , and PSP 8 has lots of little features that make my life easier . Dialogs like Unsharp mask , etc. are resizable , you have a dropper in Histogram Adjustment mode that allows you to get details on your image , etc. ... in other words , the little things that give you fewer and fewer reasons to pay 6 -LRB- or if you 're just upgrading from PSP 7 , ** 12 ** -RRB- times the price of Photoshop!To those complaining about speed
 I love this program . I was using Adobe Photoshop Elements till I got this . It did n't take long for me to adapt to this program . Some stuff took me a litle while to figure out , but once I did I was doing great . Now with Elements and this I can really make cool stuff ! Great buy !
 PSP will please both hobbyists and professional artists . It has dozens of options and features . However , one caveat
 Excellent product for my level . It has many more features for the advanced user .
 I have both PSP7 and PSP8 and I love them both . You do n't need to be computer literate ... if you play around with the stuff , you 'll eventually get the hang of it . I also have PS but this is much easier to use for certain things . Keep playing around with the features before you start complaining on how ` hard ' it is to use .
 I am pleased with most of the improvements over Version 7 , but a little miffed at the sudden difficulty of locating some of the basic tools that were obvious in 7 .
 Kudos to OCVID for their super-fast response time and shipping . Paint Shop Pro is a wonderful product , easy to use , and intuitive . I 'm looking forward to putting together my brother 's wedding album , and my son 's `` life story '' for graduation .
 Photoshop on a budget ! I love it , easy to use , quick and versatile . It is also surprisingly complete .
 Before I finally got the nerve up to order this product I would catch myself imagining all sorts of problems . That was not the case . PPSP9 is an awesome product . And while it is not the easiest thing to use I have ordered/used it was n't the hardest.I would definitely recommend people who wants to do more with thier pics to get this . You will be surprised at how easy it is to use , how much fun it is to use , and how much you can do with this.Yes definitely rates a 5 star .
 Thank you for such a quick delivery and it got here almost 2 days sooner than expected :-RRB- Love the program .
 I purchased this program mainly to edit photos as I had heard it was pretty good at it . The first photo I edited on it was a slide I scanned in that my daughter had picked up at auction and we had no idea what it was . The one-step photo cleaned it up in virtually no time - it was a picture of Paris ! After that , I wondered what else I could do with it , since it looked like it could do more . I ended up having to take online classes - and they are readily available all over the net - and am now making graphics I could have never done before . I do n't consider myself particularly artistic , and I had never used graphics programs before other than to edit photos . Now , I am making animated graphics -LRB- Animation Shop is included -RRB- , and am making some totally awesome graphics .
 The new PSP 8 is a fantastic improvement over PSP 7 , but it still seems to be a little buggy and has crashed several times on me.First the good news . I thought the main improvements for PSP 8 were the scripting capabilities and the background eraser . But in my opinion , the best improvement is the reorganized menu and toolbar options ! Things are laid out much better now , and with the help of the fantastic learning center , it is pretty easy to figure out where things are.I was skeptical of the background eraser at first , but it does work . Of course , if there is little difference in color or edging between the foreground object and the background it does n't work too well , but if there is a clear difference it will quickly wipe out the background.JASC really seems to be putting out a professional tool at a consumer pricing level . I have a professional photography business in my spare time , doing mostly sports-action photography and family and senior portraits . I had been thinking about upgrading to Photoshop , but now that I have tried PSP 8 I wo n't be making the change . Everything I need in a photo editor is done by PSP 8 . Now for the bad news . There are still bugs in PSP 8 that will cause it to freeze up and not respond . I have a Windows XP computer and used PSP 8 to design a 300 dpi , 8.5 x 11 ad for a high school football program . It had between 25-30 layers -LRB- no vectors -RRB- . In the 8 hours it took to design , PSP 8 froze up four times . If it was n't for this , I would be giving PSP 8 five stars.Hopefully JASC will get this fixed .
 Jasc Paint Shop Pro 8 is a great program ! I began using it when I got a job as a technology teacher . The software offers so many options for teachers , students , and anyone who is into design , editing photos , WebPages , and even PowerPoint Presentations.My middle school students love this program ! They have designed so many graphics that it is unreal . The program offers downloadable picture tubes that allow for students to add pictures , drawings , or unique effects to their graphics . I , as well as my students , have designed monthly banners for the school web page calendar that are absolutely amazing.As I was teaching myself , a few things were a little tricky such as the layers , floating images , and selection tools . However , I quickly learned how to use these items to create some wonderful graphics . I really like this program because you can edit existing items . My students changed a graphic by selecting and changing the colors in it and adding some of their own effects . It is really neat that the students can personalize or spice up an already existing graphic.Another great feature is that Paint Shop Pro comes with Animation Shop which is a wonderful program . Students have as well as myself have taken several items that we have made or found and made animations out of them . The animation wizard makes it really easy to load the pictures into the frames to create an animation . It is super easy to add any effects such as changing colors , wheel , rotate . This is very helpful for creating just the animation that you need for your Webpage or Presentation.For the price , this program is the best ! I have had no bad experiences with the software at all . I would recommend Paint Shop Pro to anyone !
 If you are coming to PSP8 from PSP7 . you may have some difficulty since many things -LCB- I understand -RCB- are changed , but coming to it new , as I did , it is more and more becoming a pleasure to use as I learn more about it . There is an excellent one-click `` Enhance pictures '' button and it is also easy to do the various steps like increase saturation and balance colors separately if you wish to do so . Particular things that I like are the efficient background eraser , tubes -LCB- little pictures that can be `` squirted '' onto a picture -RCB- a very nice easy-to-do framing procedure and lots and lots and lots of interesting effects from artistic to just plain weird . In addition , there are some pre-written scripts which do such useful things as putting a border and a simple caption on a picture to converting a picture into a credible facsimile of a watercolor . If you are prepared to put some time into learning this program , it will do everything you need to enhance your photographs and enable you to produce some pretty good graphics of your own .
 It has much to offer , but it will take some time to experience all the effects and features , because they are sort of hidden . I had gotten a 60-day-trial and the trial was half way done , before I had found all the features and how they worked . It is a great buy for amateur graphic designers , if you are not willing to pay a lot of money for Photoshop .
 I had been wanting Paint Shop Pro 8 but the price had been around $ 100 . When I found it at Amazon for 79 % off I could n't pass it up . It is an older version than the Paint Shop Pro X but it works with my Windows 98 . I would recomend it for beginners starting out with photo editing and banners for wanta-be web designers .
 Good product , but I bought this version and LESS than one month later Jasc Paint Shop Pro 9 came out and Jasc wanted to charge the full upgrade price . Just check to be sure Jasc does n't have a new version coming out when you buy Paint Shop Pro -LRB- current version is 10 -RRB- because Jasc will make no allowance for the fact that you JUST bought their older version .
 I was delivered what I ordered . I just became a Mac user and did not realize you ca n't use software with older o/s like you can with a PC . Dah
 This package is wonderful for many reasons , but I 'll give my 2 favorites
 `` Mystery Case Files
 The premise of `` Mystery Case Files
 I bought this game because I love adventure games . When I first started playing it , I thought , what a bummer , it is a hunt and seek game , made for kids , I 'll just play it anyway . Boy , was I wrong ! This game is super fun and addicting , and actually kind of difficult ! You have to find hidden items within a given amount of time , and the artists have done a remarkable job hiding objects within objects . It is an awesome game and if you like puzzles , you will love this game !
 My husband bought this game for me , and he and I spent hours playing as a team - we had a great time together and found it very satifying working together -LRB- it was amusing to me to discover what my strengths were compared with his , and it was entertaining learning to complement each other with those strengths -RRB- to beat the clock and finish a puzzle in time ! We both love the variety in different places to hunt for clues , and the challenge of being in the same scene but having different clues to find!We also play alone , under our own name , and we talk about how much slower it is for each of us to find the clues ... playing on your own is fun -LRB- and competing with someone else to see who can get to the next level first -RRB- , playing as a team is even more fun.I like how this game encourages vocabulary growth ... I 've had to use the dictionary more than once to figure out what I was supposed to be looking for ! I do n't have much time to play computer games , but I 've gotten quickly hooked and sneak a level in whenever I can -LRB- it 's nice to be able to leave at any point and not have to start all over again later -RRB- !
 I just wanted to add a comment for parents whose children enjoy the `` I Spy '' PC games and want to move on to other `` hidden objects '' games . In the `` I Spy '' games you can click over the list of words and the computer will read them aloud to you . In `` Huntsville '' you are just presented with a list , so if your children can not read or are not good readers , you will need to read them the multiple lists . I know that I really appreciate the `` I Spy '' read-aloud feature -LRB- as do my children who get to play independently -RRB- , and I just wanted to point that difference out to anyone who might be wondering if that feature is included in `` Huntsville . ''
 This opens the way to a series of fun explorations of rooms where you must find the objects and then solve puzzles to achieve the final reward of the games . Others have become more elaborate but this is definitely fun , even addictive . If you want a game without kill ` um , slugfest violence , this is a good place to start .
 Love `` hidden object '' games with beautiful graphics . This one was not as difficult as some of the others - such as Prime Suspects , where some of the locations are only seen through a circle of light or a limited area via a magnifying glass .
 Mystery Case Files Huntsville - it 's the first game in the Mystery Case Files series , and the one that created the popular Hidden Object genre . The storyline for this game places you as a detective , trying to solve the case of the missing diamond from the Huntsville museum . You investigate a variety of locations by looking for hidden objects . Each location reveals a new troublemaker , and all of them seem to belong to the same crime ring . At the end of the game you uncover the mastermind , and discover who 's really behind the diamond theft . There are many good points to this game - the storyline is a good one , and the game definitely makes you want to get to the end so that you can solve the whodunnit . Huntsville is full of a variety of entertaining criminals who , you 'll discover through the levels , seem to engage is some bizarre crimes . Perhaps most importantly , the pictures in this game are VERY well done . They 're complex , they 're funny , and the objects are well integrated into the picture - they 're not just plonked on top of a background scene . As this was the first Mystery Case files game , it 's also the easiest . If you 're new to the hidden object genre or looking for a good kid 's game , this is a great place to start , but it 's also engaging and difficult enough that it should please everyone . Highly recommended .
 This game is lots of fun and some times pretty difficult . The mini puzzles in the game really keep you moving . I enjoyed this game quite a bit .
 I downloaded this off a game site mostly because I was beginning to have problems with my memory -LRB- I 'm at that age -RRB- and this game began my fun means of not allowing my little grey cells to give up . It was fun and I 've played this game , as well as Prime Suspect , many many times . I have found all the MCF games most fun -LRB- although sometimes their back-story is lame -RRB- with Madame Fate being a particular favorite because the puzzles were hard .
 Huntsville , while cute and entertaining in its own way , is not the best of the MCF hidden object series -LRB- I would reserve that honor for Madame Fate or Prime Suspects -RRB- . I found myself breezing through this one , mostly because every time I had to re-search a room , I was given the same objects to find over and over again , which takes the challenge out of the search . The puzzles at the end of each round are all the same , in which you have to reorder some tiles to reveal a picture . I did enjoy the rather limited amount of time given for each round , though , and I wish the other games would n't give so much time for searching . Even with the few flaws that I 've mentioned , I enjoyed playing this game and would recommend it to others .
 THIS GAME WAS A LOT OF FUN , I HAVE FOUND ALL THE MYSTERY CASE FILES FUN TO PLAY . IN THE BEGINING IT 'S HARD TO FIND ALL THE THINGS YOU NEED TO GO ON IN THIS GAME BUT NOT SO HARD YOU GIVE UP .
 I like this game and I 'll probably play it over and over in the future .
 This is an excellent value for a game that is both fun and challenging . It is especially good for developing concentration . There is nothing fancy here , but the levels offer a pleasant way to pass a few minutes with a game that can actually be completed at one sitting . The puzzles are cute as well .
 I purchased this product after reading the online reviews . I have never played a game with this format before . It was enjoyable for me to play alone . In addition , my six year old , 12 year old and husband liked to play with me as well to solve each case .
 What a WONDERFUL game !!! Got my whole family - kids , grandkids , in-laws - hooked on this gem . Hope I can find more games like this one .
 The mystery case files are some of the best games that I have played in a long time . I have all three of them and am anxiously awaiting the release of the 4th on Feb. 12th 2008 . Everyone in my house is hooked . My mother and aunts are hooked . My sister-in-law and her kids are hooked . If you like a challange . I think you will like these games !
 Not only is this game addicting for adults . My four year old begs to play it every day ! He loves finding all of the items too ! We have all three MCF games ! They are great !
 I am addicted to hidden objects games and feel they help me keep thinking and exercise my memory and assessment skills .
 There is a crime spree in Huntsville . You must prove your worth as a detective . Also , there might be a link among the various crimes.While I consider Mystery Case Files -LRB- MCF -RRB- : Madame Fate and Ravenhearst to be the some of the best MCF games , Huntsville is another quality entry in the series . Mostly a hidden object game , there are no puzzles just a picture to piece together to reveal each criminal . There is a time limit to each section.I am playing Huntsville through for a second time.Katie `` book worm '' provides a good review .
 Love this game ! I played it non stop until I finished . I have recently purchased another game from MCF . Ca n't wait to play it !
 This game is more like Ispy . So if you like the Ispy games You will like this one . It is ok and I do have fun playing it but after a while it gets a little redundant .
 I really enjoy the Mystery Case Files series of hidden object games -LRB- HOGs -RRB- and this is the first one in the series . The mini-games are pretty simple , but still enjoyable even if you 're not new to HOGs . I would highly recommend this game and the rest of the Mystery Case Files series .
 Bought this for my girl-friend so I can watch the football game.GREAT IDEA ... GREAT GAME ...
 interesting premise kept me entertained . at some point when i forget its details i 'd play it again
 This is probably the best ACADLT thus far with all the best bells and whistles that have come up so far . It is also best in interactive ability and practicality . I highly recommend this version above all previous versions of the ACADLT for 2D drafting.Sincerely , Gene Medel
 Excellent software , improved my Windows 98SE computer operating function , purchasing disk saved me from accidentally downloaded unwanted material from the net . Excellent product , excellent service .
 Product was exactly as advertised . Shipping was a bit too slow even though I paid extra for `` rush '' shipping .
 For those upgrading , you will need this version or newer for the more recent upgrades .
 I received the product before I expected it . It is perfect for accomplishing my small business needs . It is an absolute time saver .
 This product was delivered very quickly and with no damage . This seemed to be new .
 Acro 6 provided me with the serial # needed to activate 9 purchased earlier . It served its purpose . Product arrived in timely fashion and as advertised .
 I have used this personally so purchased it for the office . -LRB- Someone in the office had purchased the 7.0 Professional Upgrade -- but I had nothing to upgrade . By the time I got around to purchasing Standard , I could not find either 6.0 or 7.0 Standard anywhere , except at Amazon.com . -RRB- Upon receipt , it was exactly what I had purchased and the price could not be beat .
 It works for what I need on my computer . It 's simple and is a good product and works with my personal needs .
 Forget any other PDF maker ; Adobe is the best . Acrobat 6 allows you to insert , delete , and rotate pages , as well as create a PDF from just about anything simply by pressing the Print key and selecting PDF . While this does n't have all the bells and whistles , it 's better than what you get with most scanners . Thanks for sending it so promptly .
 I 'm running Windows XP Media Center edition . I purchased this strictly for the ability to create PDF 's . The instructions and the `` Read Me '' file warn to disable anti-virus software . I did not disable my anti-virus application -LRB- AVG 2012 -RRB- . I chose `` Custom '' for the type of installation . Then I deselected ALL subcategories under `` View PDF '' and `` Create PDF '' . I am not going to use this in conjunction with Office , PageMaker , eMail , Internet Explorer , etc. . I purchased an `` Open Box '' copy . Total cost including S&H was $ 23.93 . Presently , there does n't seem to be any conflict with my Adobe Reader XI . I 'm very pleased .
 This product was as advertised . The software loaded as designed and worked well . I am happy with the purchase and was able to complete my project .
 We love Camtasia ! We purchased it for a very specific application , but once we got our feet wet we realized the possibilities were practically endless . We now have an extensive list of pending Camtasia projects for our business that will give us a tremendous edge in the marketplace . If you 're on the edge about this purchase , go ahead and jump . You 'll be glad you did !
 I loved the experience , especially with the smart picks , smart templates , smart search , and smart rank . I recommend it to any user . Very happy with the product!Thanks Eisenworld , Thanks Alohabob !
 I am not a `` computer person '' but found this to be easy , easy , easy .
 Excellent product for backup with the intelligence built into it . Highly recommended !
 This is a good package for backing up your PC . Fairly intuitive , although it took me a couple tries to figure out what the software was doing so I could select the right stuff to backup . It uses good compression to minimize the amount of disk for your backup . The downside of that is you ca n't just select a file to restore , you must go through the restore process . You can select a single file , but it takes a bit of time . Runs automatically and unobtrusively so it wo n't interfere with your current work .
 That 's a great product . I strongly recommend without hesitation . I had saved all of my data when my laptop was stolen . Easy to use and easy to restore data . Only I had a problem with e-mail restoration . Still I am glad I have bought this product .
 Wow , I 've used a few backup products , but this one is just awesome . it 's very simple to use , and has a lot of cool features that I 've never seen in a backup program before . The `` smart rank '' stuff that ranks your files is great , it found some important documents on my machine that i had totally forgot I even had . It almost seems like they thought of everything to make backing up simple , I definitely recommend this product to anyone that needs to do a backup , i 've never had such a simple time backing up my computer !!!
 This is unbelievable -- it can tell the importance of the stuff on my PC . And I also can set a Weekly Backup task on my PC . This is fantastic.It is so straigh forward and easy to use . I will definately recommend this product to everyone I know.Well done , Alohabob !!!!
 buy this , it is the best program you can invest your money in . it runs superefficient , and is well worth the value .
 If you do n't already have XP or Win2K you 'll need to upgrade your OS before migrating to Acrobat 6.0 Pro . The user interface alone made the upgrade worth it .
 I found this product to be well worth the upgrade . Documents look better and also compress much more effectively . The collaborative parts of this product work well . It is well worth the upgrade . I have not had the problems others have suggested in these reviews .
 This is an outstanding upgrade of a product I have used since version 3 or so . The ability to combine files of multiple types -LRB- images , docs , PowerPoints , other PDF , other Office -RRB- into a single pdf in one step is very valuable to me . Selection tools have been simplified and improved . Search function is much improved . I have Snagit already , but ability to take screen shots within PDF is valuable . Lots of other enhancements make the upgrade price very reasonable .
 My motivation to upgrade from 5.05 was the split pane capability . That 's worth the cost right there to me with figures in one place and descriptive text in another , it 's a godsend.I found installation easy and uneventful . It identifies the need to uninstall 5.0 and tells you what to do.The new look and feel is great as well.My advice , go to the Adobe website , look at the new features like split pane viewing or MS Office integration , and decide if something there is compelling enough to warrant the cost .
 Good Price here and a lot of new features and I found the new UI much easier to use . That alone was worth the upgrade!This is what I care about : Easy Adobe PDF file creation -LRB- and it really is easy now -RRB- Create Adobe PDF files with the click of a button from Microsoft Office applications and , for Windows users , from Internet Explorer , Microsoft Project and Visio , and AutoCAD .
 I could not be more pleased with my newest version on Acrobat , the functionality is outstanding and many of the PDF converting tools have been enhanced . Great Job !
 For just about every user , it 's more than likely that one would be better off saving the money and not getting this upgrade . Functionality has n't changed , many other glitches that have existed since 2.0 still abound . Save your dough and wait until they drastically upgrade.What the importance of this particular upgrade amounts to is the few operations that have been made easier -LRB- working in conjuction with AutoCAD , etc. -RRB- . But the all around use of the program is essentially unchanged . Do your research first .
 This is the newest version of Adobe Acrobat . Adobe Acrobat installs as a printer under Windows NT , Windows 2000 , or Windows XP . Creating a PDF file is as simple as selecting the ` print ' command from any application and choosing the Adobe Acrobat printer . Also , Adobe Acrobat install shortcuts inside MS Office programs -LRB- word , excel , etc -RRB- through which you can convert any file to PDF format . There is also a spelling check tool in addition to PDF optimize tool which minimize the file size while marinating the PDF quality , also you can add different background to your PDF file in a way that is much easier than Word . There are a lot of other features you can find without read the user manual . There is other programs that can create PDF files , like Win2PDF , EasyOffice with PDF Filter 6.0 , SolidConverter PDF 2.0 PDF runs as a standalone utility , with Adobe Acrobat or Reader not required , and pdf ghostscript tool . Some of them are free , while other cost about $ 25 - $ 50 . The only problem some of them can only convert a certain file type while other does n't give you the ability to edit already created PDF files -LRB- extract pictures or text -RRB- . Also , if you use an equation editor like Mathtype , it 's better to use Adobe Acrobat . Adobe Acrobat 6.0 is slightly faster than Adobe Acrobat 5 , with some extra features . If you have Adobe Acrobat 5 you do n't have to upgarde .
 If you create PDF 's for the web , then this is a must have for three reasons ; first reason is due to compression . A 3.16 MB Word file created a 6.27 MB PDF in Acrobat 5 . With Acrobat 6 , that unaltered file is now a 3.06 MB Acrobat file . Second , that same file needed almost all links recreated in Acrobat 5 since they did not convert properly from Word . In Acrobat 6 , all links were successfully converted , which saved me about 30 minutes . Third , you can create a PDF from within Internet Explorer .
 This software Create PDF files from almost any word processing or html programs with very effective compression ratio almost 1/10 the original size . You can also convert post script ps files into PDF files . You can extract pictures , text from any already created PDF files as well.With this version you can also create an interactive electronic forms similar to the tax forms . This upgrade version will only install on your system if you have Adobe acrobat 4 or 5 installed . This version only works with windows XP , 2000 , NT with latest service package.The difference between the acrobat 6.0 and the acrobat 5.0 is not so big . The new version is optimized for intel P4 systems and it 's slightly faster than the old version .
 There are other -LRB- low budget -RRB- products that can make PDF files , but nothing beats the real thing . I 've now moved on to version 8 , but any version is good .
 I 've just installed Acrobat 6.0 and did n't have any problems whatsoever . I can scan without problems -LRB- Better rendition than 5.0 -RRB- and barely noticeable speed degradation . - My only complaint -LRB- if called that -RRB- is the softening of the look and feel -LRB- version 5.0 looked like a serious business software should look -RRB- . - Notwhistanding that , my continued opinion is that Adobe products wont ' t dissapoint the serious user .
 I have to say not much has changed since version 5.0 , but interms of reliability it certainly has gained improvements . I have lots of Office documents on my computer . Some I like to keep in PDF format for easier sharing with individuals and security . Version 5.0 was a disaster when it came to converting PDF 's in Office XP . I downloaded the 5.6 update patch fro m Adobe to work with Word 2002 and the other respective Office XP applications . When I tried to convert a document from the PDF creator link in the Office application it took so long , sometimes unsucessful when it was in the process of creating the PDF . Acrobat 6.0 is a different story , the speed at which PDF 's are created is just amazing , its just like saving a Word document . Thats right , you heard me , thats how fast creating a PDF in Acrobat 6.0 is . Unless you have a slow machine where saving a document is slow , then it is no comparison . But trust me the overall improvements made to Acrobat 6.0 is truly worth getting . Other features include a Acrobat link in the web browser toolbar that makes it simple to turn a webpage into a PDF , Java support and other features when it comes to editing a PDF or updating one . Its a shame there is no support for the forth coming Microsoft Office InfoPath 2003 , which is a application for creating electronic forms based on XML -LRB- Extensible Markup Language -RRB- . I have not tried it with Visio diagrams but I do n't expect any problems because its just like PowerPoint anyway . But for persons who use the core Office applications , Word , Excel , Outlook and PowerPoint , Acrobat will certainly ease the process of sharing your information in a more secure and effective way . Another fault though there is no support for Microsoft Access Reports , that would certainly be nice -LRB- regardless you can send the report to Microsoft Word then create the PDF , doing it from within Access would be much quicker -RRB- , may be we will see that in a future version . Another great improvement its the speed at which the program Acrobat 6.0 loads , compared to Acrobat 5.0 its light years away . Buy this if your experience with 5.0 is a disaster or you are a user of a earlier version of Acrobat .
 I have a lot of forms to fill out a work . I have always wanted to know how I could save some of the information I type into these PDF forms . These PDF forms are everywhere . With this software , I can convert a regular PDF form into a PDF form that saves whatever I type . Outstanding ! I save a lot of time at work by not re-keying information in every time I open up that PDF .
 I purchased this software in 2003 and have used it for five years without any problems . I only had Acrobat Reader before and since I 've had Adobe Acrobat Professional I 've used it constantly . I would n't be without it .
 I am not a business user ... been wanting this program for years , but could n't justify the expense . Finally saw the price on E-bay drop drastically , so I took the plunge . Program loaded in a snap . To date , I have used . Outlook , Web , and Word as source to create about 300 PDF documents . All has gone seamlessly . Never having had previous versions , I do not notice any lag or other problems others have noted . All in all , I am highly impressed . Now , to read that used book I got on the program to see what other neat things I can do.Any comments on whether it is advisable to upgrade to current version -LRB- and why -RRB- would be greatly appreciated.All the best , Jay
 It 's early days yet , with this new version of Acrobat . Anyway , like everyone else who 's run it so far it 's a real heave to get launched in comparison to Acrobat 5 , but it does render fonts out nice and sharp and bold , unlike 5.0 . This was often noticeable when coming from a Word document you had converted to a . PDF
 so far , i find acrobat 6.0 more accessable and robust than previous versions.i 've been using acrobat for two years now and i find newly organized old features and the new features are all great improvements to the creation and editing of PDFs . i especially like making PDFs from web pages . i use it when sites do not offer a printer-friendly format.thanks acrobat !
 I love to convert webpages into PDF for future reference . This new version easily converts and even maintains the hyperlinks . A wonderful program in all aspects ! The Upgrade was worth every penny for me !
 Parpoobooks provided excellent service with priority mail which took only four days from time of their notification . I also had made a mistake in not checking system requirements for professional version -LRB- mine is 98 -RRB- and had to request the order be changed to the standard version.No problem , I returned the original order and had the replacement in a week . It seems Parpoobooks has modeled their customer service after Amazon.I would oder from them again in a heartbeat .
 This is absolutely the best version of Acrobat that Adobe has released ! Whether you are a professional , intermediate or novice , this is the PDF software package for you !
 By the time I was done reading the reviews for Adobe Acrobat 6.0 I was depressed . Not only do I not have Windows XP , or Windows 2000 , or NT installed in my machine -LRB- The only operating systems that will work with 6 -RRB- I also could n't muster up the confidence in the product after so many people were giving it the thumbs down . I want to create an eBook , and Adobe Reader is the most popular reader out there , with some 400 million , to a half a billion users with it installed . What a dilemma . I kept coming back to read some more . Finally I found the answer . I bought a new Adobe Acrobat 5.0 here at Amazon from one of their vendors , and it works great with my Windows 98SE . I planned on buying the 6.0 upgrade after they got the bugs out , and or I got a new computer with XP . Then I found out that 5.0 was the only version before , and that was the professional version . 6.0 Standard is a geared down version of 5 . Ok , so it has some additional features , but it is missing even more of them.So what 's the skinny on the deal ? For what I paid for a new 5 that is the full program , unregistered , and upgradeable , plus what I would have to pay here at Amazon for the 6 Professional Upgrade , I saved 80 bucks , and wound up with both versions 5 and 6 pro . Which as I mentioned are both professional versions . If I bought 5 and upgraded to 6 standard , I would only spend a little more for both versions . -LRB- About 4 percent more for standard , and about 20 percent less for professional -RRB- That way if 6 standard turned out to be as bad as many were saying it is , I would have 5 also.In the final analysis , I am using 5 and am super excited about the new capabilities that Adobe Acrobat gives you . I 'm hoping that by the time I get a new machine with XP on it , Adobe will come out with 6 . something , or a second edition of 6 etc. with the fixes built in.I 'm not the only one to come to this conclusion . I noticed in the sales rank at the time I bought it and wrote this review , that 5 was outselling 6 . Also I noticed that in the `` Those who bought 5 also bought this '' section , it had a special note that said , 47 % of the people who bought 5 also bought the 6 upgrade . If your running XP , 2000 , or NT , get them both . That way all the bases are covered.Check out the reviews on 5 you 'll be surprised how everybody raves about it . To be perfectly honest with you , if I had an XP machine , I would have ordered the 6 upgrade at the same time . Hope this helps .
 I have only installed the 6.0 Professional and have the proper support structure and space . 6.0 Professional works fine but I have a brand new batch of glitches in the rest of my system .
 OK . You shell out your money and purchase Adobe promising your web customers they can painlessly complete forms while on-line . You spend hours - days - months - converting your forms . Then learn you have just wasted your time . Customers can complete the on-line form and even send them to you , but they can not save a copy of their completed form to their C
 But it still gets the job done and helps me view pdf files online when I need to . And honestly , why would someone want to have a pdf file on their computer if they ca n't open it ? The previous reviewer is very ignorant in that regard . Of course someone would only be able to save a pdf file if they have Acrobat . It just makes sense , because how are they gon na open it without it ? And if they do n't wan na open it why do they even want it on their computer ? You do n't put things on your computer unless you want to open them . I swear , some people just do n't think !!!
 I upgraded Acrobat 5 to 6 Standard and found out too late that the function to create PDF forms is no longer included . Of course , I had to remove version 5 first , so now I have no way to edit my existing PDF forms files other than to remove 6 and re-install 5 or upgrade further to Acrobat 6 Professional . Adobe does not make it very clear at all on their website what features of 5 require Professional or are lost with Standard . Other than this big disappointment , I find the user interface modernized and cleaner and more WindowsXP familiar . The bloated Standard takes longer to open/load than 5 - wonder how much longer 6P will take ! Another annoyance are the Office toolbars for PDF functions which do n't behave themselves by staying put or staying closed and insist on opening as a separate toolbar row .
 Since , for some unknown reason , Adobe does n't offer a direct upgrade path from Acrobat 3 to Acrobat 6 , I had to buy the Acrobat 5 Upgrade merely so I could qualify for a free upgrade to Acrobat 6 . Not only is this silly of Adobe , it 's also expensive . Instead of buying an Acrobat 6 package , sticking my old Acrobat 3 CD into the drive , and continuing on my way without further hassle or expense , I had to buy the Acrobat 5 upgrade , go to the Adobe website to find their customer support phone number , call them via their 800 number , get them copies of the receipt , pay a token shipping cost , and then install the new software . What 's even worse is that I spent over six weeks trying to do that . Amazon got me the package immediately . But , I had to talk to Adobe -LRB- at their expense -RRB- five times . The first time was to find out that the upgrade existed and get the instructions for faxing the information to them . Supposedly , my fax never arrived . Then , I had to talk to them about that and get a snail-mail address . Supposedly , THAT package never arrived . Then , with my next call , I managed to get an email address to send the documents to . Again , supposedly , that never arrived . Finally , I talked to a person who had me re-fax just the receipt and my Acrobat 3 serial number . She called me back within a half an hour and we completed the whole process -LRB- confirmed my shipping address and got a credit card number for the shipping fee -RRB- . Besides the hassle I had to go through , this upgrade must have cost Adobe a bundle in phone and support personnel costs . The free upgrade period from Acrobat 5 to 6 is over now , but Adobe really needs to come up with a better way for their old Acrobat 3 customers to upgrade.Now , regarding the Acrobat 6 program itself , I 've only had one problem with a PDF on one web site
 I purcased this program to replace my original program after losing my computer and the CD that Broderbund sent me as a backup from a downloaded version would n't work . The company would n't make good on it and told me to purchase another program . I then found the version on had on Amazon for a very low price and purchased it . It works well and I can access all my previous files . I would suggest to anyone not to purchase downloaded versions of programs from Broderbund or their associated labels.I received my copy in new condition and in it 's original unopened box . I would recommend this seller as delivery time was above normal .
 Used widely in adult learning centers , schools for older children . Has adult words , not `` Dick and Jane '' ones , for late learners . Can be done in the privacy of one 's own home so people who feel badly they ca n't read -- can learn to do so at there own pace.A labor of love by the long term teachers who did this fine products.Mary
 Powerful program ; easy to use ; manual on CD ; printable . Do n't let the low price put you off .
 I purchased this software for my twin sons who are nearly 4 and they both love it . They were quickly able to figure out the games and advanced from the `` easy '' to the `` hard '' level in just a few weeks . The software also has a `` hardest '' level for kids able to read . The graphics are fun , the music is entertaining , and the games are varied enough to keep my kids busy for long periods of time . My biggest problem is getting them to turn the computer off !
 My sister who taught math and wrote math curriculum for her district gave this to my son when he was two . It is designed for kids age 3 - 6 but if you have a kid who is ready early it is still a great game . He was already tinkering with the computer and loved this game . The bright colors and funny looking bugs were engaging . There are 8 games and they all have 3 difficulty levels so you child will have room to grow as they master the games at each difficulty level.Playing with this game was how my son learned how to use the mouse and started to become comfortable using the computer . This kept his attention until the end of Kindergarten . Now that he is a first grader he teaches the games to his younger brother.It 's a cute game -LRB- even for someone with a bug phobia like me -RRB- , is not annoying for adults and teaches many of the math skills that they covered in Kindergarten ; my son first learned many of the math concepts taught in Kindergarten from this game and the lessons at school were more like review for him . This game is a great value because it is fun and educational .
 Admit it ? you rarely or never perform a comprehensive complete backup of all the precious data on your Macintosh . You?ve heard it?s important , but the software is expensive , difficult to use , and a lot more inconvenient than burning CDs of your Photoshop and word processing files . And now , with OS X , everything is much more stable on your monster hard disk -LRB- you a-s-s-ume -RRB- , so an infrequent drag-copy onto a handy dandy FireWire external drive suffices as cheap insurance.Baloney . Serious power users buy and run mission-critical , task-specific backup applications very frequently , often daily , and they develop reliable , redundant , rotating sets of restorable backups that are stored securely offsite . A couple of less-than-intuitive apps have existed for ages that experienced Macintoshers rely on for backing up and restoring everything.Into the ring strolls Prosoft?s Data Backup 2 , developed for OS X. We?re reviewing it in two parts , because we first want to make you aware of its existence and basic features , and then we?ll report on extensive real world usage . David Weeks and I spent a day with Data Backup 2 -LRB- DB2 -RRB- , and our initial comments are favorable , with a couple of important questions.We were surprised to observe no printed material whatsoever in our packaged retail equivalent box . Why does n't the manufacturer give people a QuickStart pamphlet , since everybody is new to DB2 ? How can all of us newcomers know where to click and what to do without requiring emotional therapy afterward ? This backing up business is already looking too complicated . -LRB- Answer
 Data Backup 2 from Prosoft Engineering is possibly the best data backup software for the Mac . The user interface is intuitive and exceedingly easy to use . The PDF manual is clear and comprehensive yet very concise -LRB- a printed manual would be nice , but is not included -RRB- . Technical support is excellent . Free updates are released periodically . The latest update -LRB- 2.0.5 -RRB- is compatible with the newly released Mac Operating System 10.4 -LRB- code name Tiger -RRB- . Although easy is to use , Data Backup 2 is powerful and flexible . It offers : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Six back up methods
 Prosoft has made it very simple to do backups . The program 's manual is easily read . If you have questions their online help service is quick , and if that is not sufficient , I found their telephone assistance was flawless and very knowledgable.The Prosoft Engineering website offers a free 30 day trial which allows you to check it out on your own before spending any money . Then if you feel like it 's the best solution for painless backup you can buy a new hard copy with a cd and validating number . It is a great program with a company that backs their product .
 I was using Retrospect which was bundled with my external hard drive . However , it refused to work after I upgraded the OS on my iBook . I ordered Data Backup 2.0 and had no problems getting it up and running . I 've had it about a month and have had no problems with weekly incremental backukps . It works fine .
 I did not want anything complicated , and this fits the bill . It so far has had no problems or crashes , and it is very very easy to set up a backup . I am using the ` simple copy ' type because I do n't ever trust sychronized backups . If I want to delete something on the archive , I want to do it myself.I would never use a back up program that used some proprietary format for storing the backup , because then you not only have to hope your backup is good but you have to hoe the company stays in business and does n't have some flaw in its scheme . This product avoids all that.I got the 30 day free trial from the company web site , but it was cheaper to order it on Amazon than buy the serial number directly from the company . All you get in the box is a CD with no manual and no documentation , but you do n't need that because it is so easy and simple to use.I would recommend it to anyone who wants something that is n't complex and gets the job done .
 I had problems with the first couple of versions but the new update seems to have fixed all the issues that I was having -- Good to see Prosoft is continuing to improve this -- Works like a champ now -
 Allows fine tuning , lets you set the degree of erasure you want and keeps everything nice and clean . Great tool - easy to use - I run it daily . Allows selected cookies -LRB- password , signons , etc -RRB- to be unaffected .
 Webroot is the best to stop spyware.Yes , you have to pay . But you get what you pay for , and that is a good piece of software .
 Following recommendations I purchased SpySweeper from Amazon.com . As usual , the product was available immediately , shipped and delivered quickly . I am completely satisfied both with the product and Amazon.com . Thanks again for fast service .
 Update 3/9/05Webroot is really doing their homework . My suto update has me up to 3.5 which has nearly 69,000 definitions installed.I stopped using IE in favor of Firefox so I had to stop using the Yahoo tool bar with Anti-spy , but trying other packages in concert with Spy Sweep so far Spy Sweeper has found more and been more thorough than any of the other anti-Spy products.I am trying CA Pest Patrol on another system and will compare the two programs and update again . My experience with CA EZ Armor has been very positive so if Pest Patrol is along the same lines as EZ-AV and EZ-FW I expect to be impressed , but for my money Webroot has the best and most thorough product . ******************************************************* I use this in combination with Ad Aware . Spy Sweeper finds items that Ad Aware misses and vice versa . The first time I installed the package I ran it and the system found several questionable items . I ran Ad Aware right afterwards and it found 3 more.A few weeks later I did the reverse on my daughters computer . Ad Aware pronounced the syetem clean while Spy Sweeper found a keystroke logger.I suppose no one package will do it all . Last week I ran Spy Sweeper and Ad Aware . Both said I was clean . The I installed Yahoo Anti-Spy and it found two items one was another key logger!Webroot does have great tech support , and they keep the software automatrically updated for you . The latest has over 30,552 signatures . It does a good job , but there is no single package that will find all the spyware out there . I recommend using this in concert with Ad Aware or Yahoo Anti-Spy .
 Review of Spy Sweeper AntiSpyware ver 3.5 : Installation was trivial on my two-year old XP system and Spy Sweeper did n't conflict with other programs running , including Norton Anti-Virus 2003 . It 's possible to micromanage which features you want to turn on/off . If you insist on using Internet Explorer , this product is critical , although I prefer Firefox for my browser which does a better job with pop-up ads and such.Even with Firefox , however , Spy Sweeper found spyware and cookies that Ad-Aware missed . On a full sweep , it takes something around 10 minutes to sweep your disk , so while it 's not super-fast , it 's not super-slow either and for the most part , you will be running this product when you are n't using your computer.The license is good for a year 's worth of updates and assuming Webroot continues to keep up with what 's out there , this is a piece of software that will give you peace of mind for a very cheap price . Highly recommended .
 Spysweeper by Webroot is now at version 3.0 . The good news ... Webroot provided me with V3 under theirONE YEAR of free upgrades AND updates.Version 2 was good , but version 3 has a lot of cool new features , like all the new `` shields '' . So , when some Mal-ware program tries to change your browser home-page , an alert comes up and asks you if you authorized such a change.Other shields include a HIJACK shield , IE tracking , IE favorites.One especially neat one is the STARTUP ITEMS shield.Before a program becomes a startup item , this shield pops up and asks you for authorization.NOTE 1
 I purchased this program because of a bug in SpyBot that did not allow it to complete its sweep . Although I fixed that problem , I 'm not upset at having purchased this program at all.Spy Sweeper consistently picks up cookies and Spyware that both Ad-Aware and Spybot
 This product requires no effort to use . It installs quickly and is immediately ready to sweep through your files . On the initial sweep through , it corrected a serious problem caused by adware . When it reviewed the files on my kids computer , it identified 24 adware and similar programs that had been installed with some of the web packages my kids use . The programs are quarantined for now but both our computers are finally working the way we need them to .
 I have really enjoyed Webroot products , and this software is not exception . It has a small footprint on storage and does not exceed resources or bog down your computer . I recommend this product for spyware protection .
 No matter where you are with your PC , whether its brand new or a few years old get this if your using the internet.I had been previously dealing with spyware , viruses and other nasty stuff until I got Spysweeper . I used Mcaffe , Adaware , Spy Bot and a couple others . None of them could clean my system or find the root problem.I would still have a Utillities program to use and maybe another Antivirus program but for the hardcore stuff Spysweeper is the best . Thanks Spysweeper , A happy customer .
 SpySweeper is by far THE best anti-spyware/adware program out there to date . It has made my computer adware/spyware free and has helped to keep it that way . Contrary to prior reviews SpySweeper DOES NOT overlay Windows XP license files or any other files for that matter and likewise , SpySweeper and programs like it are NOT firewalls folks . So if you 're buying SpySweeper or similar programs , thinking they will act as firewalls you 're going to be disappointed . SpySweeper 's purpose is to detect and remove the spyware/adware off your machine and to provide protection via shields for your homepage , cookies , and other local vulnerable areas that adware/spyware programs worm their way into . If you want the ultimate protection against spyware/adware , then I strongly suggest the following . I have found that a combination of the current version of SpySweeper -LRB- Version 3.5 I think it is right now -RRB- and Norton Internet Security Suite , which includes the Norton Firewall -LRB- one of the best firewall programs out there , if not the best , IMO -RRB- is a great and powerful one two knock out punch for the adware/spyware problem . I have used these two together on my laptop for over a year now and have had little , if any , spyware/adware occurences .
 This is great ! The free trial version on download.com had saved my computer -LRB- the only program that got rid off some spyware that was in my start-up and causing lots of problems -RRB- . And I 've also used the trial version on several of my friends ' computers . It has n't picked up much , though , since I bought it . But that 's probably because now I have a new hard drive and a firewall . Before , I bought the computer used and did n't know what a firewall was . I should have saved the disk and installed it when I started having problems . But oh well , it 's doing it 's job and if I start having problems once the CD expires , then I will probably buy a new disk . That 's how good it is !
 Many months ago I posted a review in the J&R ; Music and Computer World Spy Sweeper section , as that was how I first ordered . Since that time I 've ordered a number of others -LRB- for other people , family , and friends -RRB- , and have decided it deserves another , more updated review -LRB- and since I used this page for the orders , it belongs here - just to answer any questions -RRB- . Most people are unaware of spyware tremendously slowing down their computers . Through ignorance it is often claimed that it is only natural for a computer to degrade to mind-boggling conditions , and this claim is often backed by tech support and the internet . But on the contrary , you can do something about it . Spyware , viruses , and disorder often cause a computer problems - not aging , at least not at two or three years in.For the most part , Spy Sweeper eliminates the first threat
 In the month after I installed Spy Sweeper , it has found 425 traces on my computer ! I researched which program to buy and this one has a good track record . I set it to sweep every morning and there are always traces to be removed . Protect yourself !
 Rather than allowing the industry to continually require the need for spysweepers , and adware trackers , it might make better sense for those products to be sold to the ISP 's and Telecom industry to prevent intrusions to begin with . They would sell more , and although at a lower price , the volume would more than make up for the current effort to market to consumers , most of whom are averse to monitoring their need for security preferring to leave it to the experts .
 I replaced an old antispyware program with Spysweeper 3.5 , and I have to say I am very satisfied ! Spysweeper got some adware hidden in my computer the other program never picked up . Scanning is fast and there 's even a pause button so you do n't have to start your scan over again . When spyware files are in quarantine it gives you a brief description on how each spyware file is used . I have had no problems updating spyware definitions , and Spysweeper does not interfere with my file-sharing utility . As good as Spysweeper seems , I also have Spybot S&D ; just in case , as well as Norton AV 2005 which also scans for adware/spyware . Still wondering ? ... webroot.com offers a Free 30 day FULL VERSION trial so you can test it out on your computer before you buy .
 I installed SpySweeper on my Windows XP machine after I read a good review that discussed SpySweeper 's thoughness . I have also used other Webroot software that works well.Indeed I found SpySweeper is thorough , handling pests and situations not covered by eg Pest Patrol , and doing it better . The home page hijack shield is very effective . SpySweeper also found 7 pest nests where Pest Patrol only found 4 after a minor infection . Startup protection is also excellent.But , SpySweeper is unstable , causes some erratic behaviors and technical support is not as effective nor polite as at Pest Patrol . Unstability
 I use this as an additional security measure . Spybot catches some things , Ad Aware catches others and this catches things the other two miss -LRB- go figure -RRB- . So I guess there is n't one , perfect foolproof program and some things will slip through the best of them.Still , I feel better knowing that I am catching lots of Spyware -LRB- 87 items the first time I used it ! -RRB- .
 Spy Sweeper found almost 80 installations of spyware on my computer when I first installed it . This program still needs a bit of tweaking , but they keep updating it -LRB- maybe TOO often -RRB- , however it 's a good one . While spyware may not actually HARM your computer like a virus , it definitely slows it down ... a lot ! Spy Sweeper does a pretty good job of getting rid of unauthorized garbage on your computer .
 I have used several types of spyware programs , I am most happy with this program out of all of them . I found the program easy to use , update , and it finds lots of spyware . No spyware program will find all spyware , so you have to find the program that is right for you , and this is the one for me . As for tech support , they are great . I have never had any of the problems that others on amazon talked about . you go to their website and report a problem and they send you a ticket , and they will email you back when the problem is solved . I had one of my technical questions solved in less then 5 minutes , others have taken a few hours or maybe a day or two at the most , but I have always gotten a responce . That 's my two cents worth
 I switched to WebRoot after a disappointing experience with McAfee AntiSpyware . WebRoot does a far better job of scanning and detecting suspicious activity . It even steps in when I am downloading or updating software , which McAfee never did . WebRoot got PC Magazine 's highest rating and for good reason . It is true it needs to be a part of a good firewall , virus package , but I have not had the XP problems others here have mentioned . Definitely worth the low price and your time to keep spyware out !
 Every anti-spyware program has its pros and cons ... no single program can find everything ... Pros
 The software works and works well - but . Marketing is painful . You get beat to death to renew with frequent `` reminders '' and `` warnings '' starting two months or more before the subscription year runs out . The `` special low renewal price '' gets lower the longer you wait - up to a point . I bought a new retail copy at a better price yet , but Webroot would n't activate it . I now use Sunbelt Counterspy that seems to work as well without the marketing and support hassle .
 I purchased a new computer about a year and a half ago and installed the standard antivirus software thinking it was all I would need . Wrong !!! Using it mainly for the internet it seemed that its operation became slower and slower as time passed . Eventually I had to get a new computer because too many spyware programs and bugs had buried themselves in the registry . This product is essentail to the ongoing operation of my computer now and even finds programs and cookies that antivirus software misses . Also the company offers a trial version of the software for one month to try it out . A must have today for computers on the internet .
 Great Learning system , my son love it , he is in 1st grade and it just what we need to boost his curriculum and it much better that boring homework .
 There are just so many different kinds of software that claims to elimate and safeguard against you from spyware . Nevertheless , even some of the biggest names in removing spyware like McAfee and Norton 's Systemworks programs , really do n't actually do the job they are programed to . It does become a problem from time to time . Nevertheless , I tried to look at other options , but they just could n't find ways to elimate adware that still sneaks into your computer , and clogs up your internet connections . When I stumbled on Intermute 's SpySubtract Pro from the internet , I really looked like I hit the nail on the head , and I did find the right one.SpySubtract Pro , really is one of the hardest programs into filtering spyware , and adware based pop-up programs . The software is very simple , and really digs very deep into your computer to find even the toughest spyware big names like McAfee , Norton , and even Webroot 's Spy Sweeper programs could n't even take out . It really works very well at filtering out those parasites and makes your internet connection a whole lot faster and safer . I stumbled on a trial download from another one of Intermute 's programs , AdSubtract Pro . The software even shows you all the internet websites trying to clog your web search including such spyware and adware sites like abetterintranet.com , shopathome.com , and many others that actually find ways to steal your identity . Thankfully , they can definitely be safeguarded away from here.While there are just so many that really say they do the job , Intermute really got it exactly right . The SpySubtract Pro is the only software you 'll need against adware and spyware . This is one piece of software that I absolutely suggest for anybody.Quality
 I received this within just a few days . It was in excellent shape and very useful . It worked great .
 I always seem to see such annoying pop up ads all the time on the internet . It just seems to be such a constant problem . I really do n't know why , but I guess it is just to get people interested in your progress . That just happens to so many of us all the time . It just gets a bit crazy . Yet , there are just so many programs that work quite well from several companies , and several internet companies that also have those programs including iwon.com , msn.com , and other places and software brands that do n't do the trick . Intermute has definitely found a way to block most of those ads.AdSubtract Pro , is a convient software that goes beyond previous or other companies and their programs with annoying pop-up ads . The software definitely can block all those annoying ad , as well as pop-under ads that can sneak by and go through other pop-up blocker programs . The software is very simple to install , and is very convient . It does a very good job at removing most of those ads , but not all of them . The filtering makes it also easy for you to save all you online logins without having to constantly reload your passwords for several websites you are logged to . It also checks your stats , and includes a online tester , and links to intermute.com , where you can try several other programs from intermute including SpySubtract Pro , and SpamSubtract as well.Although this might cost a pretty penny , AdBlocker Pro really works very well at getting rid of most of thos annoying pop-up windows and banner ads . While many might choose other pop-up blockers because of their price , this is one software that really works like a charm.Price
 I own all the Simply Magazine , Simply Media brand , craft products and like this one very much too . Very easy to use ; not fancy and brittle.Don ' t be put off by the low prices.Mary
 ENCARTA DELUXE is good , but it is better to buy Encarta Reference Library , because it has more text , more multimedia and more features -LRB- Atlas and so on -RRB- . I have reviewed it if you want extra information . The PC system requirements are about the same .
 I agree with the other reviewer . This is quite possibly the easiest card creation software ever made available ! Forget the rest ! Discontinued & very tough to find these days . If you can get a hold of one do not hesitate !
 Simplest to use . Easy to get started . Always takes a bit of work with an application -- so this is important.Don ' t let the low price put you off.Mary
 If you are a computer beginner and want an easy , yet thorough , introduction to computers , this is the right choice . If you are an old timer who already knows computer fundamentals , this program can still help you fill in a few blanks in your training that you may have overlooked for years.It offers both an interactive mode and a slide show mode of presentation . This way , the learner can chose to run through the slide show first , for a non-intimidating overview of the material , and later go back to a step by step approach in the interactive mode to learn new computer skills in a very practical hands-on manner.This program covers the essential knowledge and skills required to understand Windows98 and Windows ME including Outlook , Windows Works word processing , and Navigating and Exploring the Internet . In addition it includes instructions on use of Quicken.I bought this tutorial for my own use and after learning how great it is , I bought another copy for my Daughter and Grandson.I like it !
 Simple and easiest to use of T Shirt programs . Do n't be put off by the low prices . Simply Magazine , with their Simply Media brands , have lots of craft products like this , with all of them on Amazon I think.Mary
 This game is so intriguing and so realistic I found myself rushing to my computer after work to play it . In this game , you 're free to tour the famous ship
 I was born and reared in Belfast City . Titanic and the stories of Titanic have always amazed me.With The Ultimate Titanic Collection I can use Virtual Tours and Gaming to enhance the feeling of what it must have been like on the ship of Dreams . The Graphics are EXCELLENT ! If you never do anything else in your life ... Take a look at this piece of software ... Its AWESOME ! Good Luck from BelfastAnt
 I first got this game when the traveling Titanic museum came to Chicago and they were selling it . It 's been a while , but it never ceases to amaze and entertain me.Yeah , it freezes sometimes but if you save it often , you 'll be okay.As a Titanic buff I can tell you that the detail - down to the tiles on the floor and china - are accurate.The game has many twists and turns and you have many different options , which makes the playing never get old or boring.The theme music is kinda freaky though - esp . when the Titanic is sinking beneath your feet and you ca n't jump anywhere , you 're running about like a chicken with his head cut off ! That is why I always turn the theme music off . The game always makes me rather nervous - the people you meet * cough , Vlad , Zeitel * can be a bit weird and intimadating , esp . when their trying to kill you . The game is almost erie -LRB- sp ? -RRB- It 's very fun though and I would reccomend it to anyone with a slight intrest in Titanic or history.I promise you - by the time you are done playing this game for the first time , you will have a much better understanding and a different kind of sympathy for the people there on that fateful night.Also , to get in the `` Titanic '' mood , rent the two Titanic movies !!! Very fun!The best advice I could give you is to save before any kind of meeting with Vlad and/or Zeitel . PLEASE , JUST DO IT !!! Believe me . I learned the hard way .
 I would like for readers to know that this is an review for Titanic
 I have Titanic Adventure Out Of Time , and it 's so much fun !! It 's so realistic too . The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it always freezes on me if I go too fast . I have to make my character go around the ship really slowly , and save my game every 3 minutes , which is really annoying . Other than that , it 's a fantastic game ! = -RRB-
 This has to be , without a doubt , the best computer game I have ever played - better , even , than the `` Sims '' . Although I have only played `` Titanic , Adventure Out of Time '' , and not the extra CD-Rom , I must saw that `` Adventure '' is unabatedly amazing . You are Frank Carlson , a British secret service agent -LRB- cough : : Bond : : cough -RRB- who has been dismissed after a failure on the `` titanic mission '' in the midst of WWII . However , a German bomb blows you back into the Titanic , where you get one more chance to complete your mission , and stop WWI , WWII , and the Russian Revolution . The graphics of the Titanic were detailed and excellent , while the characters were so realistic in movement and speech that one could not believe that they were AI -LRB- I nearly cried at a favorite character 's death -RRB- . The best part about this game , though , is the way that history and seemingly small actions can save the world from war . The way that WWII is stopped is particularly funny . While this game is hard and requires many `` getting objects quickly '' scenarios , every object , if lost , has a backup way . I know at least one way to win in which you participate in the optional Georgia-poison subplot , but there must be many more . Good luck aboard the Titanic!PS
 `` Titanic , Adventure out of time '' is a wonderful game with beautiful graphics ! You can meet Many characters from the elegant first class residents like Georgia Lambeth , to the poor less fortunate third class like Jack Hacker , you even meet up with a stowaway at some points in the game , some are n't so pleasant -LRB- i.e. when you get into a fight with him trying to get up the smokestack -RRB- . All the people give you loads of information , except for the Gorse Jones 's from Othwhistle or some other city , all they do is tell you useless info about shops and people who own Macy 's or something . While some of the characters are very friendly and fun , some are absolutely terrifying , the one that I think just makes your hair stand on end is Vlad the stowaway . Your boss Penny Pringle will really help you on your journey . As will Leyland Trask , the psychic reader . I would really recommend this to anybody who loves the Titanic and/or history . I hope my review was helpful !
 This game is exxcellent i thought i was really on the ship it is like a real life experience right in your computer
 `` Adventure Out of Time '' is one of the most fun games I 've ever played . The Titanic has always been very interesting to me . This game really develops thinking skills . I enjoyed helping other people , and getting off the ship was very hard !
 this game is great ! this game whould be great for anyone who loves animals and marine life . The plot is great you have to figure out who vandilized someones boat and what 's behind the mysterious orpahn whale that just showed up in the middle of the ocean . It 's great the animation is great and the setting and the charecters are great to . i 've been playing these games since I got them for christmas in 2004 and i 'm 12 so if your buying a gift for someone who likes games that challange you and even just because like me , I picked it up and I ca n't stop playing now I have finished all 13 in the nancy drew series . And if the person needs help in the game they can just go to herinteractive.com and look at the messange board to get hints you can even sign up and ask questions . So this game is greatNancy Drew Rocks !!!!!!!!!!!
 This is the first Nancy Drew game I 've finished . I got this game yesterday at the library and finished it this afternoon . Lots of fun things to do , and plenty of things to keep you busy . I would recommend this to any one who enjoys a good game , and a mystery . Even if their an adult , like me . This is a very enjoyable game .
 `` Danger On Deception '' Island was one of my favorite Nancy Drew interactive games . I loved exploring outside . Kayaking , biking , exploring sea caves , and the lighthouse . This was my kind of game . I am a female who is 40 and I have bought several of these games . My son who is 10 also plays . The product description says it is 20 hours of game play . This may be less for adults . I finished this game in one day , which I was very diappointed about . I really was n't ready for it to end . But I do go online for cheats when needed . I did n't need many cheats for this particular game though . It seemed pretty easy yet entertaining . The animation seems to get better and better with each new game . The outdoor activities were a plus , and I really liked the more upbeat music in this game . I would like to see a couple more of the ND games follow this formula . All in all everything about this game was great . It was just too short for me .
 This game by far is the most challenging of all the ND games . It 's not as scary as Ghost Dogs but by more intricate . There are lots of places to explore and puzzles to solve . The graphics are are excellent and the audio is unbelievable . There are a lot of background noises , -LRB- voices at a party , clinking of tools etc. -RRB- You will want good speakers for this.Terrific game !!!! Congratulations Herinteractive !
 The last 6 Nancy Drew games have all been exceptional . They 're so easy to get immersed in , with hours of fun and detective work being spent playing them . `` Danger on Deception Island '' continues this great series on a wonderful route , and continues to be one of the best Nancy Drew games released to this date.Nancy 's friends Bess and George have arranged a vacation for her . Nancy will be staying with Katie Firestone , a marine biologist friend of George 's , in Snake Horse Harbor , Deception Island -LRB- one of the San Juan Islands off the cost of Washington state -RRB- . Nancy is immediately greeted by Katie , who was just getting back to her houseboat from getting groceries . When the two make it back to the boat , they discover that it 's been ransacked and vandalized . Could this be the latest work done by an unknown group that 's been robbing shops around town ? Not only that , but an orphaned killer whale has recently made home in the harbor surrounding the town , and seems to be hanging around all by itself for no apparent reason . Just who did this to Katie ? Who are these vandals and robbers ? And what 's the real deal with this orca ? It 's now up to Nancy to submerge herself into the dangers surrounding Snake Horse Harbor to find the truth ... `` Danger on Deception Island '' employs amazing graphics . Even though this game is a bit older , several of the graphics in this game could rival those used in games today . The suspects look so realistic that they almost look like actual actors and actresses . The graphics seen while kayaking , exploring the town , and walking on the beaches are nothing short of beautiful . Some real -LRB- or at least , realistic -RRB- photos of sea life are also presented throughout game play , which is a definite bonus . I felt like I was actually walking through a town by the beach while playing this game , instead of just playing a game featuring one . `` Danger on Deception Island '' has some of the best mini games , puzzles , and challenges that had been seen in Nancy Drew games upon its release . I especially enjoyed the mini games in Whale World -LRB- one of the explorable areas in the game -RRB- . However , are several ways to die multiple times in this game -LRB- which does n't bother me , but does some others -RRB- , and one of the puzzles that involves getting a set of coordinates is very challenging and time-consuming . Aside from that puzzle , I ca n't complain at all.All of the characters had their quirks , but they were a pretty well-casted bunch . Every suspect fit the story rather nicely , and they all had moments when they looked like they could be the culprit . The culprit becomes rather shocking , as there are several clues that come up and point toward another character -LRB- s -RRB- at the end of the game , until the ultimate truth is revealed . I could hardly wrap my mind around the fact that this character was the guilty party , but it was definitely a very tasteful twist -LRB- though I still would 've slightly preferred the culprit being somebody else -RRB- . The first suspect met is Katie Firestone , who 's a friend of George 's and a marine biologist . She 's pretty strong-willed , and definitely has some secrets that she 's hiding from Nancy . Holt Scotto is an elderly fisherman who 's running for harbor master , and does n't particularly like Katie 's defense of a policy that forces boats to stay several feet away from the whale -LRB- as he has to take the long way to get out to sea -RRB- . Jenna Deblin is the owner of the Hot Kettle Caf&eacute; , and thinks Katie has a lot of secrets as to what she truly wants to do with the whale -LRB- i.e. study it instead of help it -RRB- . Andy Jason is the owner of Whale World , a tourist attraction that specializes in educating visitors in facts about whales , and wants Katie to sell out to him.What really made the characters awesome was dialogue shared between Nancy and her phone friends . The conversations had with Bess and George and Frank and Joe Hardy were all very nicely scripted . Not a single one ever felt boring . The one-time phone friends were pretty memorable in their own ways too , such as Casey Porterfield -LRB- who constantly has a hard time understanding Nancy -RRB- and Hilda Swenson -LRB- she 's so ... well , I 'll let you find out for yourself -RRB- . The phone friends in this game were much better than the phone friends in several games were , and I would definitely like to see some of the one-timers make a second appearance.The musical score in this game was awesome , which could be said about every single game created before it . However , this game does have a bit more going for it musically , as it definitely goes out of its way to make itself unique . The game features a lot of songs that sounded like they belonged in a movie about sailors , or from a kid 's special to educate children about the seas and those who travel them . I felt like it went out of its way to make itself more `` beachy '' than other soundtracks have to make themselves `` scarier '' or more `` royal '' . The realistic sounds of waves , seagulls , and seals made the music all the more fitting.So , is Danger on Deception Island the best Nancy Drew game ever ? I 'd say it ranks among them . There are very few complains that I can make about this game , as nearly everything about it goes above and beyond . I would love to see Nancy re-visit Deception Island in a future case , as well as meet several of the characters she met here again . The game is * THAT * good !
 From canoeing to playing games in a whale-watching headquarters , this well-thought out game had it all.I have played most of the games in the series and was very pleased with this one . It was on my Christmas list and the first one I played , partly because of the intriguing-looking cover . I 'm now very glad I chose this one as my first to play , because I thoroughly enjoyed it . I 'm going to divide this review into sections and rate each particular area how many stars I think it deserves.Setting / Graphics - Okay , the graphics were incredible !! The characters looked genuine , and the beaches were pretty . The water looked amazing
 This was our first time with the PC game . -LRB- Me 40 + and daughter 10 + yr old -RRB- . I was worried at first because my daughter choose to do the Senior Detective . It was awesome ! We had a notebook and took notes throughout the game . Lots of fun ! Very addicting ! We are on Haunted Mansion right now . The excitement of discovering clues , finding keys etc. ... causes us to give each other high a fives and hugs ! Enjoy !!! We sure do !
 I bought this game , not having played the Nancy Drew games before . I 'd read the books as a child , and the games are good extension of that . This game was fun , and enjoyable . It has a good storyline , lots of puzzles , and quite good graphics . It was n't easy to complete , took a week or so , but I had fun while I was working out the puzzles , and exploring many parts of the Nancy Drew world . I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys computer games , especially girls .
 This game is really fun with the stuff you do . but the game overall was 4 stars because of the people . I thought they had no personality . That was the only thing I did n't like about this game . But overall it is a good game to play . So go buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 It definately was not one of my favorites . I hate not having an alarm clock . The game was so restricted . Also I had to restart a couple of times , because if you miss one certain thing , it will screw up the rest of the game . I played in senior detective mode and still found this one too easy.Then again HerInteractive still delivered quality . It was beautiful on the water parts . Still a very intriguing . Of course , if you are a nancy drew player . You will have to play this one .
 Nancy Drew Danger on Deception Island was very intreging and mysterious . It was n't to easy and it was n't to hard . It was very well done and did not bore you at all!I , personally thought that it could be scary at times but thats the whole point right !? 2 Thumbs up !
 I 've playled all the Nancy Drew games up to game this one and this was my favourite game out of all of them . I would definetly recommend this game to any Nancy Drew or mystery fan . = D
 It 's a good game one of my favorites , but it 's easier than most of the nancy drew 's , so if you 're a beginner in these games I would recommend it . If you are an experienced and addicted player -LRB- like me -RRB- I would recommend a newer version of nancy drew , those tend to be more challenging .
 Our kids really like it and kept them occupied compared to other games we have tried . . Good recommendation for middle school kids as well .
 I actually have n't played any of these games , but I am going to buy this JUST because I live in the Pacific Northwest , and the island this game is based off of -LRB- called Deception Pass -RRB- is my favorite get away place -LRB- where I ALSO kayak and boat just like in the game -RRB- ! < 3 From what I have seen they modeled the WHOLE game very accurately off of it ... which is really exciting .
 My teenager granddaughter is a good kid and loves these Nancy Drew games - so I try to keep her supplied with them .
 Item was exactly as described and arrived in sealed manufacturer 's packaging . Item was shipped promptly , with no issues . Excellent value for this product .
 When I ordered this game , I expected it to be Danger on Deception Island alone , but it was a triple pack with two other games I 've never heard of before . And while it might seem like a good deal to get two extra games , I still think that it was a bit inappropriate that the seller failed to define the exact product the customer will be receiving .
 I just bought this game today and so far it 's GREAT ! Fun mini games that are a little tricky but fun . Suspects seem that they are all linked to the crime . Nice outdoors feeling and you get to travel many places . A great game for anyone who wants a fun , exciting and mysterious challenge ! Worth the $ $ $ . Great for all ages too because there is a Senior and Junior Detective level ! HAPPY 4th OF JULY
 I really love this game ! I borrowed it from a friend , and I didnt wan na give it back !!! I loved it . It was very funny , when you have your first `` accident '' on the bike , or the kyack . But , it is very suspensful , and you never really `` Who-dunnit '' . I don thtink this was as good as some of the other games , but it was definetly fun . I dont really like orca , dolphins , and whales , but this game gave cool facts and fun little snipets on these creatures , and I actually started liking them ! I liked the little sea town , that was cool . The tunnels under the cafe , well , they are very very very hard to navigate through . It took me SUCH a long time to find everything . Because it was so dark , it was very hard to see . But , I love the cafe , it is so pretty . It seems like the cafe down the corner , that you know and love . It is that cozy and familiar . It almost seems lke you are there . I love the fact that , in this game , you get to eat food !!!!! It was the first of it 's kind . Letting you make and eat food . I had too much fun with that :-RRB- Overall , this is a great game , and is hours of fun and entertainment . I reccomend it .
 I posted a review on the `` The Secret of Shadow Ranch '' that gives my overall opinion of these games - refer to that for a background on the games in general . All of the positive things said there apply here as well.As I believe another reveiwer said , there is a pretty great ending scene to this story . The final environment is also very well done - I do n't want to give anything away , so I will just have to tell you to see for yourself.I am from the Northwest , so the different types of thinking represented by Holt , Jenna , Katie , and Andy were strangely -LRB- and humorously -RRB- familiar . Among other things , you can decide who you agree with regarding the fate of the orphaned Orca.If you are from the Northwest -LRB- or any other coastal region -RRB- and like to walk on the beach , you will also get a kick out of all the little familiar details , like the little holes in the sand -LRB- `` hmmm ... '' -RRB- and crabs hiding under things . Very realistic and very well done.It 's a great game and a great series - and you ca n't find a better deal than those prices .
 I 've seen better Nancy Drew games , but I thought this game was really good ! There were a lot puzzles which kept me interested . The charecters were interesting , too ! I recommend this game to whoever enjoys a good mystery !
 This is my all time favorite Nancy Drew computer game ! I loved the music , the characers , and the orca ! I 'd recommend this game to anyone !
 My daughter loves the Danger on Deception Island computer game becasue it is fun , hard sometimes and entertaining ! And than some other computer games !
 I 've seen better Nancy Drew games , but I thought this game was really good ! There were a lot puzzles which kept me interested . The charecters were interesting , too ! I recommend this game to whoever enjoys a good mystery !
 The review on July 4th titled great game so far . . refers to Danger on Deception Island I forgot to put that . Just so you know what game I wrote about . BUY THIS GAME !!! Thanx
 I have another Nancy Drew game Treasure in the Royal Tower but that game was very slow-moving , had no excitment , had no helpful hints from Nancy 's friends and I just had to try something else because I really had no interest . Danger on Deception Island is 10 times better than my other game . Awesome game ! I advise you to buy it if your looking for a great Nancy Drew game .
 I really enjoyed this game . It was the first Nancy Drew game I ever played and I would say it is the best game to start with if it is your first ND game . The puzzles are n't that challenging and the feel of the game is n't very creepy . Awesome graphics !! The setting and people are so realistic . I highly recommend this game and I recommend it even more if you 've never played ND !
 I love this game sooooo much . It is a lot of fun . There are some challenging parts , which make it a good game for older kids . When my godsisters came over they did n't want to leave until they finished the game . I love it ! There is one thing I would change about it . But it still was a great game . Go out and buy . Its way better the first games herinteractive made .
 I have all the Nancy Drew computer games and was eagerly anticipating the arrival of Danger on Deception Island . I was not disappointed ! There are lots of tricky , but not too tricky , puzzles and lots of secret passages and tunnels -LRB- my favorite part -RRB- . After playing all previous eight games I was concerned I 'd tire of the Nancy Drew format but there are enough clever new twists in this game to keep it fresh .
 I had VERY high expectations for this game , and I 'm happy to say that it met all of them ! It 's definitely one of my new favorites ! I 'm going to split my review up into different sections so I can give the game a more accurate rating.PLOT - 5/5
 Well this was the first Nancy Drew game that I ever got and I was about oh 10 when I got it . After about 20 minutes of playing it I loved it . ^_^ Graphics
 This is beyond a doubt the Nancy Drew game that killed me the most , and I do not consider that a good thing . Nancy apparently ca n't even ride a bike or kayak unless you remind her every time to put her safety gear on . It gets a little old , particularly when you want to run off and explore a new clue , so you click on transportation only to die and then have to reload . The ending is very suspenseful , but a lot of it is left to chance -LRB- read reloading -RRB- . I may as well finish up with the one other bad point , the puzzles . Some of them were quite good . But you get to a point where you 're communicating directly on the phone with the person giving you some of these puzzles , and she refuses to tell you point blank what she wants , insisting that you must run hither , thither , and yon at her command , and thus keeping you from solving the mystery . Consider it a personality quirk , but I do n't do pointless tasks in real life , and I do n't consider them fun to do as part of a story in a game either . I lost all interest in completing that series of puzzles , and read the answers on a walkthrough so that I could get BACK to the mystery , which is the whole point of the game so far as I am concerned.Now to the positives
 This was the first ND game that I 've played , but it was AWESOME !!! The graphics , plot , puzzles , etc. were all really great . I especially liked the ending scene . It was packed with action and wrapped up the game really well . Overall , it was just a great game !
 This is a very cool game . I was so happy to find something for my age group -- it says the minimum age is 10 , but I think some 10 year olds may find it to be too hard . The design is very mature -- adults can play too ! The graphics are pretty realistic , and the sound is good too . I found myself learning stuff along the way , like morse code and whale facts . The only cons I could find were that the game freezes often , and you have to wait for it to unfreeze again . Also , it 's not as good the second time around if you play it again immediately . So I would wait a few weeks before starting again . But I did get my money 's worth out of this adventure .
 This game was the first Nancy Drew game that me and my friend beat . I was about , 8 , and she was about 9 . This game is such a great one , and the story line is very interesting . Certain things that happen in the game make you say , `` Oh , the culprit has to be ______ '' but then , the culprit turns out to be someone totally different , but it makes sense ! These games certainly get you hooked . I went over to my friend 's house around 1pm , we played until 12 midnight , woke up around 9am and played until we finally beat it!Overall , this game is one of the best . The ending is awesome , and like many others , makes your heart beat very fast . GO NANCY DREW !!!
 Love all the Nancy Drew games , lot of action , intrigue in all of them . Highly recommend for mystery buffs . A must for Mystery Collectors .
 As a kid , I really found this game to be quite dull . But now that I 'm older , I find myself really attached to it . I think what I disliked is that there is a lot -LRB- and I mean a lot -RRB- of running around and learning . Which also happened in Secret of the Scarlet Hand , though it was handled better there . So what makes me like it now ? Well , it 's the most straight forward game -LRB- aside from the later games that would literally hand you a letter or a diary that told you exactly how to play the game -- and for not having those , I appreciate this game all the more , since is shows you can have that sort of story and NOT tell the player of a MYSTERY game exactly what they need to do to reach the ending -RRB- . And really , the learning is n't all that bad.I appreciate the characters more now , and the ending . I love the ending . Also , after looking at several other games , I 've come to love how everything works together . All of the puzzles help you in some way.However , I would n't recommend this game to new-comers to the series , or to the impatient fans . It is n't the most exciting game , so if you 're looking for a game to get into the series with I 'd point you more towards Treasure in a Royal Tower or Secret of Shadow Ranch . If you want a learning heavy game as your intro , I 'd say go for Scarlet Hand , just be prepared as it 's ending is a little scary .
 I have been playing these games since 2003 and I still enjoy them as I get older . Getting to play Nancy Drew and solve the case is a wonderful experience . Danger on Deception Island is a excellent edition to the Nancy Drew games . I did n't get to get this when it was first out , because back then I could not find it in stores . This game is not just fun , but an educational game as well.This game gives details about Whales and Dolphins . In order to complete one of the tasks you have to listen to the sounds that the Dolphins and Whales make and pick the correct sound . You get to go on a whale watching tour with a guide . You have to make sandwich for the friend you are staying with , while she 's fixing the boat . You get to hunt for clams , you get to paddle out and meet the Orca that people think is the cause of some problems . When you need a break you can even build a sand castle for fun.There are clues inside of the game for the puzzles . The laptop that is on the boat comes in handy often as well as the people around Snake-Horse Harbor . You can choose what you say to people by picking from the list the game gives . There is even free clam chowder offered by the woman that runs the diner.If you love the Nancy Drew/Her interactive games then you will surely enjoy this one as well . I did not find anything scary about it , just enjoyment .
 Danger on Deception Island was very fun . I liked the Seamanship quiz , and going out on the kayak and looking for clams . The messages in the bottles and what you did with them was VERY creative . The Orca was adorable , also . There were not many puzzles , but the ones that we DID have to solve were simple , yet difficult . The ONLY problem I had with this game , is that whenever you would go too far when you were in the kayak , you would need a second chance . AND , the first time I played the game , I did n't know to put on the helmet before I got on the bike , and I needed a second chance RIGHT AWAY . But overall , it was very fun and exciting .
 Love this game ! this Nancy Drew game will give you lots of fun and adventure ! I had this game on CD and lost it and was very happy when i found it on amazon game downloads . The only draw back is its a little slow sometimes and drags in parts of the game.In this game as Nancy Drew you are going to visit George 's friend who runs a whale watching tour boat and you stumble upon a mystery ! Its up to you as Nancy Drew to solve the mystery ! Happy Mystery solving !
 After trying Message in a haunted mansion and being scared away by astrology , I decided to give Nancy Drew games another try . This was quite a pleasant surprise ! The plot was pretty good
 This is one of my favorite Nancy Drew games , and I 've played most of them . It had an interesting plot and lots of fun puzzles . It kept me guessing until the end ! If you liked Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake and Secret of Shadow Ranch , this game was a lot like them , just a different story .
 Arrived on time and in great condition . My granddaughters are really enjoying the game and look forward to many challenging hours in the weeks ahead .
 I first got into the Nancy Drew series when I was 12 -LRB- almost four years ago -RRB- when I stumbled upon a demo online of this exact game ; It was fate I tell you :D ! While I might be the one of the rare guys that play Nancy Drew instead of something like Call of Duty , everyone should give these games a chances , especially this one.Being a relatively old nancy drew game , some may consider it unfair to compare this game to newer ones . But , this game can go toe to toe with some newer nancy drew games and beat them . Here 's why : Story
 This is by far my favourite HER Interactive Nancy Drew PC game , and I have played them all multiple times . I loved the food aspect of it -LSB- my sister 's a chef -RSB- , in the cafe where you could gyp the game into letting Nancy have a muffin or a bowl of delicious New England clam chowder anytime you wanted to making a sandwich for Katie ; AND calling Bess and George to hear how Bess is learning to cook from a TV show and hearing her worry about what she 's making.The puzzles were not nearly as difficult as some more recent games make them ; they were challenging but doable , took some moving about and kept the game adventurous . The bike riding was inventive , rather than a train or car or what have you , and I loved being down by the lighthouse , near the water.I believe it is one of HER Interactive 's best games so far and is the best bet for a Nancy Drew gamer .
 A much-anticipated vacation to a rmote island in the Pacific Northwest abruptly runs aground Nancy Drew discovers that a whale-watching boat has been vandalized . But that 's just the first in a string of nasy `` accidents '' in Snake Horse Harbor . Is the trouble related to the orphaned orca whale roaming the nearby channel , or is there a deeper threat shrouded in the approaching fog ? Meaningful messages or fookish flotsam ? Floating bottles lead Nancy Drew on a kayak cruise through a dangerous sea cave maze . Roving sea monsters , hidden valuables , midnight smugglers and shanghaied pioneers
 I have played all of the Nancy Drew games and my friends and I all agree that this is the best so far . We enjoyed the numerous games and puzzles and were glad that this game took us longer than some of the others did . Some of the things that you were required to do became tedious such as bike riding and going through the underground passageways . Overall , this was a fun game and I think that most people would enjoy it .
 I loved this Nancy Drew game , I Have played all of them and I found this to be one of the best . However , the drawback is that it requires a fast , modern computer , so it will not work for many people , also it takes up a lot of memory ... As well as being one of the best games , it 's also one of the hardest , in my opion . Theres a part of the game when you have to collect a certain amont of clams is a part I often get stuck on . Also , you can go ciaching , and you may get lost . Lastly , you can get food poisoning -LRB- allways fun to get her sick -RRB- if you make a gross sandwhich , I like the Nancy Drew games where you can eat : -RRB-
 I 'm in the process of completing my Nancy Drew PC Games collection -LRB- nearly there -RRB- . I wanted Danger on Deception Island for a long time especially since I 've never actually played the game for more than twenty minutes when my friend had it . So I thought a three dollar price tag was a bit off and I expected it to be damaged , used , or something crazy like that.But no . The game came today , and I just ordered it Friday afternoon . The company even gave me RUSH processing so the game could get here even faster . Wish the other things I ordered had RUSH processing as well!When I opened the package , I was a bit surprised as well . It was n't ONLY a Nancy Drew game . It was brand new -LRB- still had the plastic on it -RRB- and contained three separate games ! Now , I probably will try the other games , but wo n't play them much . I just wanted the Nancy Drew game . Each game have their own discs so you wo n't be burdened with the other games if you do n't like them , you can just give them away.I got what I wanted for a VERY good price considering the game was twenty when it first came out .
 In Nancy Drew
 My mom and I worked on this together and she beat it and then I did it . I liked it , though it got kind of frustrating jumping rocks and looking for clams , but it was worth it .
 This is definatly one of the better Nancy Drew Games I have played . I have n't played them all , but this one is worth getting . At points I did get stuck and some times it got frustrating , but it was a fun game anyway ! And if you need hints or help on it at all , all you do it go to herinteractive.com and post your problem ! You get help immediatly and can figure the game out in a snap . In this game , there is a baby orca and you must go kayaking and bike riding to complete this game . It has an interesting plot and has not too hard , not too easy puzzles to enjoy . Overall , this was a great game and I hope you get it !
 I thought this game was great ! Especially since I live in Washington it was fun to see a CD-ROM take place in the San Juans . A few things bugged me about this game though ... I did n't like how you could n't see the woman sending letters to you . I also got lost in the middle of the water a few times and found myself using the `` Second Chance '' button frequently . Other than that this game was daring , fun and very exciting ! I enjoyed playing this game ! : -RRB-
 I have played every single Nancy Drew Her Interactive game , and I absolutely love all of them . Nice graphics and storyline . These games can be pretty suspenseful , too.There are two levels
 Go undercover as teenage slueth Nancy Drew to find out who vandilized Katie 's boat , who is trying to keep Nancy from finding out who did it , and lots more.Game includes Second chance , two levels -LRB- Being Juinor and Senior Detective -RRB- ,3 new Puzzles ,20 + hours of game play , and built in game hints.If I were you , I would buy it ASAP
 Being a north-westerner myself , I found the graphics amazingly accurate . The plot is amazing with many twists and puzzles . Unlike earlier games , the puzzles were hard but not frustrating.I love the new cell phone , computer , and food options ! They are n't brand new , since they have been availible in more recent games , but it brings more realism in to Deception island .
 I have played every one of the Nancy Drew games that Her Interactive has put out so far , and I feel this one has the best graphics . As for the plot , all of the games ' have been great . The thing I really loved about this game was how real it was . In it , you -LRB- as Nancy -RRB- kayac through the sea , and you really get to see everything as if you were really in a kayac , and not just at home . Below I have listed the pros and cons to this game : Pros : In this game , you get to kayac through the sea.The graphics in this game are magnificent!You have live interaction with the orca whale.You get to bike all over Snake Horse Harbor.Nancy has a laptop journal , which is much easier to read then her old paper one.The new cell phone mode makes it a lot easier to call people , because you do n't have to go to a specific place to go and use the phone.I played this game non-stop and it still took me four or five days.Installation of this game is very simple.Cons : The music in this game is louder than it is in the other games , and if you turn down your computer speakers , then you ca n't hear what people are saying in the game .
 I am an eleven year old girl and I have played all the games in the Nancy Drew series and this game is my favourite so far . I think that this game has the best puzzles . The scenery in this game is really amazing and it makes you feel like you really are in that scenario and the music makes the hairs on your neck stand up . There is a very interesting plot and the tasks that are set before you are very enjoyable and the characters are so realistic . I was very disappointed with the last Nancy Drew game -LRB- The Haunted Carousel -RRB- and I thought that it was too easy and not enjoyable but I think that this game is so good that it makes up for the last game . I think that it is an all around fun game and I would recomend it to anyone !
 I own all of the Nancy Drew computer games , so when i saw that Danger on Deception Island was out i was sooooo happy ! So i played the game , and found out that even though it entertained me , it just was n't as good as the other games . For some strange reason , after i beat it , i did n't want to play it again . I gave this item 4 stars because of that . Otherwise , all of the rest of the stuff was fine .
 When i seen that another nancy drew that was comming out i was like WOO HOO !! Even tho . . i havent solved ONE of the nancy drew games . . out of EIGHT -LRB- yes i have them all !! -RRB- i know i am close on all of them ! -LRB- especially # 8 ! -RRB- ANYway ... Nancy Drew Games provide a GREAT chalenge fo kids and most likely some adutls!I recomend this or any othe nancy drew game for you ONLY if you are in fo r a chalenge , and can spen a couple days on the game !! - Jenna
 I was so disappointed with Haunted Carousel that I decided to wait for budget versions of any new games . After reading a couple of reviews for Danger on Deception Island , I quickly changed my mind . I 'm so glad I decided to buy this game , because it is the very best of the Nancy Drew games so far , and I 've played all of them.I 'm the mother of an 11-year-old son . I played the game as a senior detective and he played on the junior detective level . This game had enough challenging elements to keep me busy and yet was not too difficult for my son on junior level . There is a real , meaningful difference between the junior and senior levels in this game ; something that is often missing in games that are marketed to both adults and children.This game is probably three times the length of Haunted Carousel , and it is packed with interesting puzzles . Nancy must find coordinates for a locator device , open secret passageways , use a morse code device , dig for clams and learn a little about chess , just to name a few challenges she faces in this game . The game also contains little diversions that are fun and satisfying , such as building a sand castle and playing feed the whale , and Nancy learns a lot about whales and dolphins in the process . Scattered throughout the game are little reminders of previous adventures as a nod to loyal fans .
 Teenage sleuth Nancy Drew is back and better than ever in her latest case , &#65533; Danger on Deception Island . &#65533; This time around Nancy is visiting marine biologist Katie Firestone at her friends &#65533; request , but things go wrong as usual . Shortly after Ms. Drew &#65533; s arrival at to the San Juan Islands , Katie discovers that her whale watching boat has been vandalized . While Katie makes everything shipshape , Nancy is hot on the trail of the vandals , along with investigating recent burglaries , digging up Snake Horse Harbor &#65533; s past and making friends with a local legend.Besides Katie , Nancy meets Holt Scotto , fisherman and harbormaster candidate , Jenna Deblin , owner of the Hot Kettle Caf&eacute; , and Andy Jason , who runs a rival whale watching business and wants to buy Katie out . Add to that strange fish that have been washing up on shore , a string of burglaries , and an eccentric widow who launches messages in bottles into the harbour . &#65533; Danger on Deception Island &#65533; is the most organic and satisfying of the nine current Nancy Drew games from Her Interactive . Several new additions include bicycling -LRB- similar to the motorboat interface used in &#65533; Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake &#65533; -RRB- and kayaking , WWW access from Nancy &#65533; s trusty laptop and more . The puzzles were excellently integrated into the gaming environment , making use of the Pacific Northwest &#65533; s charms
 This is the third Nancy Drew game that i have played -LRB- the others being treasure in the royal tower and the scarlett hand -RRB- and i have to say that its the best one yet.Nancy is off to visit a friend , Katie Firestone . Upon arriving on Katie 's boat , she discovers that someone has sabotaged the engine . There are no shortage of suspects on the island , including the owner of the whale museum , the cafe owner and the harbormaster.This game is more complex than its earlier predecessors - nancy now has a cell phone and GPS device . She must navigate a bicycle around town and a kayak in the waters . The puzzles are more difficult , though there is always the option to call bess/george or the hardy boys for a quick solve.Like the other games , you can play it on a junior or senior leve - depending on your gaming skills.Deception island has a more adult feel but kids will enjoy it as well . Get this game if you are a fan of adventure and puzzle games .
 I buy these Nancy Drew games , send one to my 12 year old niece in Canada , have another one at home in Florida for my 9 year old daughter and then my niece and her mom vs. myself and my daughter have long distance competitions to see who can solve the mystery first.We were disappointed with Haunted Carousel . But Danger on Deception Island made up for it . Great puzzels , fun reactions from Nancy when we tried to feed her wierd sandwiches , challenging problems to solve and it was long enough to satisfy the girls and moms . The whale was cool and the dangers when Nancy slips or trips or gets caught were fun and exciting.This one 's a keeper and we give it 4 thumbs up !
 Wow ! When we bought `` The Haunted Carousel , '' we had very high expectations considering the previous games . We were , however , very dissapointed when we finished in less than one day , were shocked by easy puzzles , and were bored by unchallenging conflicts . We were very leary when `` Danger on Deception Island '' came out , but we gave it a chance.We were thrilled by this game !!! The graphics and sound effects were awesome ! The puzzles were challenging , but after a lot of thought , you could solve them . This game , # 9 in the series , was the best by far . The plot twisted constantly , making it impossible to detect the ` culprit ' before the end of the game . The kayaking was adventerous and fun , as well as the characters being realistic.If you love a good challenge and are ready to take some action , this game is certainly for you ! Two thumbs up , Nancy !
 Ok , Ok ... . I am 50 + years old and I bought this game because I like to watch old Nancy Drew movies on TV . This is the first one of these games I have played.The rules are very easy to understand so the game starts very quickly and moves along at a good pace . I am very poor at spatial relations so putting the books back into the drawer and assembling the broken pipes was just plain hard . I still do n't have the books in . So there are spots that are just a pain and end up causing a lot of frustration . Why should I be stopped because I am bad at something such as putting books into the drawer?But that does n't matter at the moment . I have played the game off and on for several days and it is fun . The atmosphere is spooky , the noises are pretty good and the mystery is deep enough to hold your interest . I keep making dumb mistakes and getting killed off , but the game is kind enough to let you keep going with the second chance button . So you do n't have to start over time after time.I am certain true hard core game players will think the game is beneath them , but I just want to relax a bit and have some fun thinking about something other than work or responsibilities . This game fills the bill . Interesting and a challenge for me but not something I get all worked up over if I get stuck.The game is filled with what I will call educational material . Whales , nautical terms , et al are built into the game in such a way that reading the information is interesting and part of the game play . A person can get a lot of just fun information about all kinds of subjects playing the game . I do n't like to say it is an educational game because that does n't seem to be the point . You learn this stuff to help you solve the mystery . I think the term educational turns people off . That should n't be the case here because the game play and the information are seamlessly tied together.As I stumble along in the game , solving nothing really , I am having fun and as long as I can keep going and gathering clues I am a happy camper . I have ordered the $ 10.00 guide which should help me extend the game play . The on line help would be a lot better if I was as far along as those players . I get stuck so far down the line that no one even talks about the problems I am having . So I hope the game guide will help . As you can tell , I am generally bad at solving puzzles.I would hope the game writers would put more help into the games themselves but I think they make a lot of money selling the game guides -LRB- no mystery there -RRB- so they just go ahead and stump people and then the game guide is a sure sell . I think it is a rip off but I guess that is life in the gaming world.I noticed there are a LOT of these games . The series is actually very long . Thus , the games are selling and people like them . They are seldom reviewed on the PC gaming sites , so a person just has to take a chance and buy one to see if they like it . I think you will . Lots of fun .
 This was a wonderful game ! Hours of good , solid game play . An interesting mystery and intriguing characters . A chance to interact with aquatic life . I learned how to work a GPS and a HAM radio . It was so much fun . The puzzles were a good mix of ability-levels and types . Word puzzles , spatial puzzles , problem-solving ones . I can completely recommend this game .
 My mom bought this game for me for my 13th birthday and I thought it would be boring . However , once I started playing the game , I found it to be very addictive . I kept playing ! This game is n't as easy as you might think . It is actually very hard . If you like mysteries I would definitely recommend this game !
 Nancy Drew
 The ninth of the Nancy Drew Mystery Series . This is my favorite game , so I 'm gon na go nuts here . Things are graded A-F , just like school.The Crime
 I have only played 5 of the Nancy Drew games . I can say this is my favorite one yet ! It starts out that Katie Firestone 's boat was vandalized . Several suspects such as Holt Scotto , Jenna Deblin , And Andy Jason . At first I thought it was Katie Firestone . Very cool game and I just ca n't wait for Nancy Drew and the Secret of Shadow Ranch !!!!!!!!!
 My 5th grader loves this game . Puzzle solving skills at a girl 's interest level . Finally something fun for girls that is challenging and not Barbie oriented .
 My 11-year-old daughter and I played this together , and we both enjoyed it very much . I enjoyed it because I really miss the adventure genre of computer gaming and wanted a break from the shooter-style games . She enjoyed it because she loves Nancy Drew mysteries , and enjoyed pretending she was Nancy herself ! The graphics are great , and the user interface was simple but effective . Although she played on the Novice level , a couple of the puzzles would have been too frustrating and difficult for her alone if I had not been there to support her . This was also her first game of this type , so she did n't yet have a grasp of the flow and rhythm of this style of game . After either another year or another game or two of this type , though , she should be able to do it alone . There was at least one part in the game that she found pretty scary , and my 8-year-old son was completely frightened and had to stop watching us play . This is a great game for the 11 and up set , with a healthy sense of adventure . It was fun for me , too , though I like a little more challenge . The expert mode does n't increase the difficulty of the puzzles themselves , but it does remove the information found on Nancy 's laptop -LRB- clues -RRB- , so you have less of an idea what to do next . Overall , this was an excellent game and a really great value . It 's something kids and parents can do together and both will really enjoy .
 I had a LOT of fun playing this game and look foward to playing more Nancy Drew products . It was interesting and I could n't WAIT to solve the mystery ! I enjoyed myself a lot !
 Nancy Drew
 This game is great . I already beat it . You go through sea caves , explore the island , and secret beaches . The only games I need now are The Haunted Carousel , The secret of Shadow Ranch , and The Curse of Blackmoor Manor . This Nancy Drew Game is fun because you ... . well , I do n't want to tell you , so to find out , you should get this game. : -RRB- P.S. I got Secrets Can Kill , and if your planning to buy it ... . BEWARE ! The characters are 2-D !!
 I 've always liked Nancy Drew games , and this one is my 2nd favorite . It is challenging , yet not frustrating and confusing . I would say that it is for ages 9-11 . The graphics are great , and unlike most Nancy Drew games , it is a little simpler . Danger on Deception Island is great and fun with tons of `` seaworthy '' suprises.In the game there is an orphan killer whale who swam into the San Juan Islands in Washington . You are staying with a marine biologist named Katie . She wanted the whale to be tested in a lab , but the other suspects on the island want it to return to it 's pod . Therefore , leading to the vandalism of Katies boat.This is a great game for junior detectives !
 I can not tell you how much I enjoy these mystery puzzle games . I am totally hooked . I would say for kids maybe 10 and up -LRB- as I am an adult -RRB- . Some are kind of scary . This one was not .
 I love Nancy Drew games , and this is by far my favorite one . There is so much you can do on it seperate from the game , LIke going to resteronts and eating Clam Chowder and Muffins , making your own sandwiches from the boat , and building sand catels on deserted islands . I love it , and you can never play it only once !!!
 Well , this is my first time playing any Nancy Drew game . I am over the age of 10 and read the books when they first came out , so when my sister gave this to me for Christmas I was excited . The graphics are great the storyline terrific and the second chance is very useful ! You do n't have to restart the game when you make a slip of the mouse or choose incorrectly ! I played all night one night I was so hooked . Have n't done that since I was a teenager ! My husband decided to help me solve the cases too - so we had fun with the codes . A great game for all ages .
 All of the Nancy Drew games are worth getting , but especially the newer ones ! My most favorite ones are Treasure in a Royal Tower where you look for missing jewels in a castle , Secret of Shadow Ranch because if you are a horse lover -LRB- or even if you are not -RRB- , it is great to have the interactive horses and wild west mystery , and Danger on Deception Island because the graphics are fantastic and it has a great plot line . Overall , these games are definitely worth buying .
 I absolutely love this game . I like the fact that it takes place in the San Juan islands of Washington 's coast , because I just went there this summer . The graphics are awesome and the music can get really creepy , especially when you get to really scary part . I loved this game !!!
 This game is sooo cool . I played it with my friends and it is just UNREAL . It is definitely way more realistic than the earlier games , like Message in a Haunted Mansion & stuff . The characters are so friendly , you barely remember that one of them is the criminal ! And you got ta love the extra little hideaways , like the lighthouse , the tunnel , the sea cave , and the secret beach . I know there was some serious thinking going on behind the making of this game !!!
 This is an awesome game , and I should know because I 've played all ND games . It is VERY long , as opposed to CAR . The puzzles are n't crazy easy , but they are n't crazy hard . And the culprit is a very good one ! For other recommendations , I would suggest Treasure in the Royal Tower and Stay Tuned for Danger . Have fun !
 I have played all the Nancy Drew computer games except for the first one , and this one has to be one of my favorites . I love marine biology and marine wildlife , so I was happy that you got to not only solve a mystery but play little mini games and learn about marine life as well . The lighthouse was spooky and all the characters had a reason to be the suspect . In the end , it was not who I thought it was going to be . The only bad thing about this game is that it 's a little shorter than the other ones , but it 's still worth buying .
 I am a huge Nancy Drew fan , so I ordered this game before it came out . Although taking a vacation to visit a tourguide does n't sound as fun as finding buried treasure or solving the mystery of a carousel that starts by itself , i was surprised . This game , unlike the other 8 , has an outdoors feeling . You can travel more places , making parts of this game harder than the other ones . The graphics are terrific and so is the plot . I would reccommend this to anyone and everyone .
 This 3D Interactive PC game with great background music and sound effects is probably my most favorite one thus far ! I read that another reviewer had to order the guide book , but you can also go online to < www.herinteractive.com > - go to the messages boards for hints & tips . I love the setting of ` Danger ' - the island beaches , kayaking in the cove , bicycling with your helmet on , exploring hidden tunnels and the lighthouse , eating chowder at the restaurant , etc. . Younger detectives may need help and even older ones may need to check the web site I mentioned . I think it 's fun to play the Nancy Drew PC mystery games again down the road . A NEW ND game is suppose to be released this summer
 Herinteractive once again does n't disappoint.Danger on Deception Island is an extremely fun and rather challenging game.Not challenging to the point that you pull out your hair but challenging to the point that it takes a good ammount of time to finish the game.I really ca n't think of any way they could have made this game any better.The graphics and music were wonderful . The characters were enjoyable to interact with.The places you could go were interesting.The puzzles were challenging and fun and history was around every corner.Danger on Deception Island is a MUST HAVE for any Nancy Drew game lover.You wo n't be disappointed.It really is a wonderful game . : -RRB-
 The Nancy Drew series is one of the best available for kids , and Deception Island is one of the best games . The graphics are great , and the music is better , and the whole island has a great atmosphere . The puzzles are clever and every character is interesting -- I recommend it to any one of any age or gender .
 This is one of the best games in the series , I think , but there are just a few tiny issues I have with it , and therefore , I can not give it 5 stars . However , this what I thought of it.Story-Bess and George have arranged for you to vacation with one of George 's friends , in a place called Snake Horse Harbor . She owns a whale watching tour business , and when you arrive you find out that someone has vandalized her boat . She sets to work repairing it as you question suspects to find out that a whale recently spotted in the water might be what has driven someone to wrecking Katie 's boat.Graphics-In this game , they were a little hazy , but that works perfectly with the story , as the island you are on is foggy year round . The characters were pretty much the same as the last game.Sound-The music is not that upbeat . It 's rather lazy music . Pretty much makes you think you can just take your time with this mystery . And you can . Although you can die , it 's usually from stupidity on your part and not because someone attacked you or something.Gameplay-The third person point-and-click has n't changed , and neither has your cell phone . As in the last game you have your cell phone to call people whenever you have a signal . But sometimes you do n't have a signal which is realistic but annoying . The puzzles in this game are kind of hard , and they require patience and logic . This makes the game last a little bit longer . As in the title , I DID NOT like all the coordinations that you have to find in this game . You have a GPS , and it seems every challenge is to find a new coordinate . Not fun.Fun-Other than that , the game 's puzzles are really quite fun in spite of their difficulty . The mystery is fun , too , as everyone has a motive to have vandalized Katie 's boat.Length-The game lasted me a few weeks , but I think playing it straight through takes about 10 hours.This is a near perfect game , but because of just a few flaws I have to take a star away . Do n't let that discourage you from getting it , though . This is a must have for fans of the series !
 In the beginning , it started kind of slow but as the story went along , it got more and more interesting . I thought the ending was really terrificI look forward to her new video
 this is one of the most fun games in the history of this game series . the game has good graphics , very good story line and has good puzzles . it has no negatives to it that I remember . I recommend this game .
 I 'm a Grandma to 6 and we do the Nancy Drew games together . Most of the time the kids are better then me at them . So far I have them all and this is one of the better ones we 've played . I play it alone too . It 's a game for all ages !
 This is the most challenging ND game I have played ! I finished it , but I actually started over three seperate times because despite my fervent note taking , and the checklist on Nancy 's laptop , I was still coming up short on clues ! I did eventually solve the case and as usual , it 's always the person you least expect . The plot line was so twisted and the gameplay was so long and winding that I was beginning to think that I would never get to the end . There are so many seperate parts of this game that depend solely on what you 've done beforehand . I enjoyed this because it took me so long to solve and the extent of thinking I had to put into it just to get to the end , and the ending itself was a surprise too .
 I love the nancy drew games they are always really good and this 1 was 1 of the best !! If get this nancy drew game u will not be dissapointed !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Fantastic game . I just finished it and it has sooo much to it , from secret caves to tunnels , to new places to explore , lots of puzzles and challenges along the way . You are sure to have many second chances because there are so many dangerous things to do in this game . I liked it a lot because once you are given certain clues , you know what to do next rather than in some of the others where you do n't know where to proceed next . I had played Nancy Drew 's Haunted Carousel . . that was a lot easier and is a great beginner game to start this series of wonderful sleuthing games . All of her games are advertised as 20 + hours of entertainment . Danger on Deception Island definitely promises lots of fun and surprises . Be sure to check out herinteractive.com when you get stuck . Even an old pro like me had to consult the message boards for a hint or two there . Have fun . . highly recommended for all ages .
 I love this game . It is so fun and keeps me on the computter for a long time . there are so many places to see and visit and you are never bored . My babysister and I play this game all the time and find out new things all the time . You even get to choose what Nancy says . I hope I can pass the quiz to go out in the sea and get clues in the caves !!!!!!!!!!!!! bye
 NOTE
 I was looking for options to upgrade old programs but I could not afford to pay thousands of dollars for microsoft program . I did try Star office but to be honest it asks for integration of browser and other programs to be part of star office - which is irritating.I tried few free wares from the internet and amazed with easy office . It was hard to believe a 35 dollars program could do that much then why microsoft guys has charged me for such a long time with over 500 dollars for similar program . It could be 5-10 dollars more than easy office not 500 + . Now I know why Mr. Gates and his gang are so rich just by ripping us off.A dollar you save = A dollar you earn '' but I did not want to have less features than Microsoft programs yes easy office to me is that one saves and out performs star office , word perfect and similar to microsoft for a good lunch price or free for home.I do not love of hate microsoft but simply I could not justify the price and performance ratio it is really too much.Wake up folks ! save and get the job done . Try a free copy at home see the difference you would not regret . It could views/reads all microsoft programs and you do not need a bible of instruction manuals to learn.Why use a copy program or pay too much for similar performance if you could save and get the job done.Easyoffice is my moneys worth and sure a wake up call for microsoft bullies . Thank you .
 I agree with Arthur 's review -- wake up world , this is the best , best , best office suite out there . I have the usual Office that came with my computer and wanted a second suite , so I first tried the 2001 version and now the Premium version of EasyOffice . Wow . You have the usual EasyWord and EasySpreadsheet -LRB- Word and Excel compatible -RRB- but it goes so much , much , much farther . PDF file creation and edition . FAX system . Integrated contact manager . Full zip program -LRB- much better and easier than WinZip , also does all the wierd Unix formats you sometimes need -RRB- , EasyImage , EasyCalendar , full voice recognition dictation system , accounting system , EasyCalendar , EasyPresentation , EasyBackup -LRB- which runs from the command line as well and lets you do batch backups -RRB- , full enterprise installer -LRB- but needs 50 user license to use on my version anyway -RRB- , and more and more and more . Wake up . This is the BEST .
 I have been using MS Office at work for many years , however , I was not going to pay their exorbitant price for my home PC . Easy Office costs only a fraction of MS Office -LRB- amazon.com even ships it for free -RRB- and does everything you will ever need at home .
 Ahh ... Mac OS 9 brings Mac users back to the days of the classic interface - in days before aqua . This OS is , in my opinion , possibly the best that Apple ever did except in stability.Mac OS X resembles the classic ideas of Macintosh Operating system . However , it does not have the same overall feel . OS X is not as `` snappy '' as Mac OS 9 , especially on G3 computers . Nine is much more easily customizable in looks than OS X. I 'm sorry , but the aqua interface is not very pleasing to me.Now for you older users . I would definitely suggest this as an upgrade to OS 8 both functionality and compatibility.Overall , Mac OS 9 is a great system to have around . Even if you are all-out OS X but have used `` classic '' operating systems , keep OS 9 around because it sometimes feels good to come home to this wonderful interface .
 Yes , yes , I know that Apple and Steve Jobs want everyone to focus on OS X as the way of the future . But if you have hardware and/or software that wo n't do OS X , or if you just prefer to do your updating incrementally , OS 9 is not a bad place to be at all.Finding OS 9 for sale these days is a bit tricky , though , so I was quite pleased to find it here on Amazon -- good luck finding it listed on , say , the Apple Store!So if you 're running , say , an older G3 model on version 8 of the OS , and do n't want to -LRB- or ca n't -RRB- take the OS X plunge yet , I suggest that you grab a copy of OS 9 . It 's quite a bit more stable and functional than its predecessors .
 MacOS 9.1 installed without any problems for me on a Rev A iMac with numerous USB devices attached . Overall it is a great upgrade . There is still an issue with Multiple User 's and Appearance preferences , but Mac OS X should eliminate that . It 's even a little faster than 9.0.4 . What a concept ! An upgrade that actually makes things faster rather than slower .
 Although OS X has eclipsed it in terms of reliability and compatability -LRB- and largely caught up in speed -RRB- , OS 9 is still a great choice if you have older hardware and do n't need the most recent software . Even though it is based on the original Mac OS that was released in 1984 , OS still holds its own compared to Windows . My opinon
 This is an ok operating system now since there is OS X out that took over . If you still have OS 8 you should get this because it is a big jump . If you want to get OS X get 10.2 or 10.3 . 10.3 is the latest . If you have a Mac OS 9 you should have 128 Megabytes that is enough for programs and files .
 The marketplace company was excellent . I highly recomend ordering from this company .
 If you want to get some work done erase the forty thousand plus OSX files off your hard drive and install OS 9.2.2 . There simply is no reason to let the Unix-Aqua-Next hack job hurt your productivity any more . Sure you wo n't be able to run a few iSofts , but none of them are complete solutions and all are riddled with oversights and nasty user interfaces.This software works on all Macs currently sold by Apple . Unfortunately Apple is threatening to release Macs that will not run anything below 10.3 . That and the huge Apple price premium should be enough to discourage the few remaining Mac loyalists into jumping ship .
 I do n't know what this guy is talking about my experience with this company was great !! I broke one of the Cd 's a month after I bought the program . I called tech support and had a replacement within a week . GO NOVA DEVELOPMENT
 This 4 cd rom set was great . Lots of photos , easy to work , and my husband even liked it . This cd rom set would be excellent for children . Artist for reference photo 's . When you ca n't go to africa , this is the next best thing .
 I do n't have much time for learning due to other college class but this program really works . I do it in my spare time and I just keep on ading new words to my memory everytime !
 I found the first disc of this course to be a lot of fun , and I learned a lot of words very quickly . It has a simple format and the game was fun . The first disc had something the second lacked
 There are two universal truths of acquiring a second language . First , there is no `` quick method . '' It takes time and work . Second , self-study only gets you so far . Language is about communication , and that requires more than one person.With this in mind , `` Instant Immersion Japanese -LRB- 4 CD-ROM -RRB- '' is a fine supplement to Japanese learning . While you will never learn Japanese solely from this product , the CD-ROMs will help you study and practice . It is definitely one of the best of it 's type.The games are great vocab builders , and are a nice break from memorizing lists . The first disk has simple single-word games . You will learn the names of food , clothing , parts of the body and a few simple phrases . Keep in mind , you will not learn how to sting this vocab into sentences . The second disk is a large leap from the first , and most people find it confusing -LRB- myself included . -RRB- The dictionary is great and very useful , while the Japan tour is a little fluffy . Do n't expect to gain any great insights.I recommend this as a supplement for anyone taking a formal Japanese language course . The price is right , and the games are fun . Gambatte Ne !
 I really enjoy using The Instant Immersion C.D. Roms , but it really is for people who have already begun learning Japanese using books or other methods . The first C.D. Rom starts you off with learning colors , numbers , and other simple beginner stuff but the second jumps right into speaking in Japanese and may be difficult for someone who has n't learned beginning grammer such as Who , what , when , why , ect . in Japanese . The C.D. Roms are fun and is a good buy for someone who is interested in learning .
 This program is really top notch ! Espically , if you really want to learn Japanese pretty quickly . This program has great interactive menus , as well as pictures that go along with the words so that you can associate a word to a picture . However , the only downside to this product is you must be willing to spend a great deal of time if you want to learn the language quickly and efficently .
 For those that bought this product thinking they were going to learn how to speak Japanese , it 's no doubt they were disappointed . There is no easy self-taught way to fluently learn a language - you need a teacher and classes.This program is wonderful for those who 've had at least some Japanese class room experience , and are looking to build their vocabulary . The dictionary is great , and has really helped in my vocabulary and speaking , which I will need for an upcoming trip to Japan .
 A four CD set with lots of cute games , a travel sorta photo/video/music collection and a very powerful dictionary/translation aid program.Covers a wide spectrum from very beginner level word games to translation aid tools which link to the Windows clipboard and do automatic lookups of kanji.The price seems amazingly low for the number of packages assembled in this collection .
 I guess my version -LRB- which I just bought at Best Buy -RRB- is different from this one as Voyage in Japan is replaced with Human Japanese , which is the only disk I 've yet to find helpful , other then JQuick . Human Japanese starts at the very beginning , explaining how all the sounds work and how Japanese is different from English . It teaches you all the letters before any words , so it acts a lot like a normal Japanese language class would . Very useful !!
 I find this very useful at church , it makes a lot of the things I used to do manually simple and quick , and changes are quick too.One thing is missing , which my daughter gave me and works great . OpenOffice.org , which is like Microsoft Office and opens all of my Word documents but is absolutely free . So our church council had no trouble approving it!So yes , get this product , and get OpenOffice.org -LRB- here on Amazon , the OpenOffice.org Resource Kit book and CD -RRB- , and you will have an excellent set of software .
 I have used the Kiplinger/H & R Block TAX CUT software for 4 years for my family 's tax returns . I am an average taxpayer -- no exceptional computer or accounting skills . I have prepared the tax returns for my husband and myself and our `` student '' children . The software asks all the questions that allow you to complete the tax forms correctly without having to search through the tax instructions and figure out what applies to your individual tax return . Each year , I have had no trouble submitting my forms and I have never had an audit . In the tax year 2000 , I also completed our state tax forms using this software - again with no problems . The basic information entered the first time the software is used is saved and can be used each tax year without re-entering . I plan to continue using this software and recommend that you try it , too !
 Just finished doing my taxes with it . It imported my last year 's data with no problems , and continued to work without a hitch . -LRB- MacOS 9.2.2 , lots of memory -RRB- . -LRB- have n't tried the state version , or printing to an HP printer . -RRB- If I had a nit to pick , it would be that the point in Taxcut 's interview where you enter your state tax refund begins by saying `` Did you or your spousereceive a form 1099-G for2001 ? '' It eventually goes on to mention that this is the place to enter your state tax refund even if you did n't get a 1099-G , but I missed that the first time through.On my wishlist for Taxcut would be the ability to `` print '' a PDF of the finished tax return . This is not so pressing , however , as there are various commercial/shareware/freeware ways of getting this functionality , and MacOS X has it built in .
 TaxCut State is an excellent product to be used in combination with TaxCut Deluxe -LRB- for Federal tax forms -RRB- . If you purchase TaxCut Deluxe , you are eligible for a full rebate ... for the State edition . After you have completed your federal return with TaxCut Deluxe , the State version will automatically import all relevant data from your Federal return . You can do your state taxes in a matter of minutes ! The product would be nicer if it could automatically find your local/county submission mailing addresses by zipcode . Also , if you continue to use TaxCut software from year to year , it can important a lot of data from the previous years files . A great product ! The software asks you many of the same questions that a tax preparer would ask you in the H&R block office . ...
 I really liked how TaxCut State automatically took my federal information . Then I just answered a few state questions and I was done . Really pretty idiot-proof . This year 's State program integrated with the Federal much easier than last year 's . I will defintely use the State again next year .
 The Digital Baby Book allows the user to store pictures , videos , and sounds on its pages . It offers a standard template with a ton of options for chapters and pages , and I can add or subtract with incredible ease from these options in tailoring the baby book to my child ! You can create multiple books for more than one child , and it also allows me to document doctor 's visits , immunizations , growth charts , journal entries on our child 's life and reactions to it , and pretty much anything else you can think up to place in the Digital Baby Book . It includes a family tree for you to add pictures or video clips of grandparents , uncles , cousins , etc. , and you can create as many branches as you would like . Essentially , the Digital Baby Book will grow without limits depending on the amount of time and energy that you are willing to devote to archiving your child 's life . It makes a unique baby shower gift , too !
 I purchased this software for use in my classroom . Students can create any kind of character , then write a story to go along with the picture . They can also use it to illustrate stories they have already written or to picture characters for their book reports . It 's just plain fun for children of all ages .
 I 've been using QuickBooks for several years , and I am a Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor -- do I think the upgrade to the Accountant 's Version is worth it ? YES -- if you are an Accountant or Bookkeeper -- this version saves you a TON of time and effort . The differences are first subtle to the eye , but as you start using the program , you will better access the features you have been accustomed to IN addition to : REMOTE Access
 This `` deluxe '' version for QuickBooks is GREAT for ones that need ALL the features . I am a Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor and have used several versions over the years -- would I recommend this upgrade ?? I have and will advise ANY of my clients to upgrade to the 2002 version , but not all would need this one . It 's excellent for those clients that I need to see their files more than once / month . They can , along with myself -LRB- I have the Acct 's Version -RRB- REMOTE ACCESS -LRB- with passwords -RRB- specific files/problems/updates . CLOSING Date -- and faster RUN time
 People that are disappointed with the software usually have tried to set this up themselves without help . I have been a Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor since inception of the program , and my MAIN job is FIRST to set up the program correctly . Once it is set up , it is easy to train most anyone to use most of the functions , especially in the 2002 Version.Intuit Customer Service is minimal at best , I agree -- but that is why you should call a CERTIFIED advisor in your area -LRB- but with the QB remote access , ANYplace is adaptable now -RRB- with an accounting background . It will save you time , and aggravation ! I have used every other accounting software package out there , and I really just recommend QBooks for most businesses . It 's functionality , ease of use and reporting functions are GREAT ! . I have all my clients up and running with deposits , checks , invoices , emailing statements , job profitabilities etc etc.within 2 hours WHEN it 's been set up properly ! I have taken many clients off other software out there in the market that has cost them many lost hours , wasted money and MUCH frustration . Intuit has raised their prices , I agree -- -LRB- something I am NEVER fond of -RRB- BUT it 's STILL a big Bang for the Buck ... from someone that KNOWS the product very very well!Nancy M. Schiff `` QuickBooks Guru ''
 This is the multi-user version of a software application that makes it easy to employ a visual toolset for capturing information . It makes it easy display the information for spotting dependencies , causes and effects and resource requirements . If you are working on complex projects your team can collaborate on the development and analysis of visual maps , and spot issues before they arise . It 's also an effective way to run scenarios when developing strategies , or to communicate highly complex information that can be quickly understood.This program differs from the standard version in the following ways : - Comes with templates , wizards , and a dynamic navigation system to see the big picture of drill down into details . - Supports up to 100 users securely via server-based conferencing - Integrates with Microsoft Office -LRB- Project , Outlook , Word and PowerPoint -RRB- - The optional Mobile Edition works with Enterprise Edition by allowing downloads to Palm and PocketPC devices for off-line work that can be re-synched to the main project .
 Once you have a version of QuickBooks you like , there is no reason to update . Their newer versions take up a lot of room on your computer and their Customer Service is non-existent . If you have a question or problem there is no one to ask except for other users . I have a small question regarding 2002 and their own sales people said there is NO ONE to ask . They checked to see if other customers had found the answer and all they found was other customers had the same question , and NO ONE had the answer . I have searched for the answer for 7 years!The basic product is good . However , do not update unless absolutely necessary . Until they figure out that Custer Service is important , they do not deserve the business and you do not need the headache of changes that can not be explained .
 I bought this software , never having used business account software before . I wanted to use it for inventory control and invoicing my customers . I found it quite easy to set up my list of inventory , customers and vendors , and did not have any problems with it . Intuit makes great programs but they also try to get you to upgrade frequently . I finally was forced to upgrade so that I could use it with Quickbooks POS software.I found that it was easy to keep track of all my bills , pay them on time , see how my company was doing with the host of reports , and customize it to fit my style . I see that others have hated this software , but for me as a guy who struggles with balancing his checkbook , this software was a great asset for me .
 As a Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor in Southern California.It 's by far their best program and certainly the way accounting software has become for small business . NO , it is NOT easy enough to SET Up for maximum accounting but absolutely easy and comprehensive enough for any average busines owner to USE on an everday basis.That 's why I always suggest someone does hire a Certified Advisor with an accounting background to set up your initial books and if possible , also have them maintain certain aspects.Intuit 's tech support is NOT ideal . . that much I will agree with . I do believe with all the new integration with other software AND all the new entities such as Point-of-Sale software etc , there are `` growing pains '' , which hopefully they will resolve . There are over 120 PREformatted reporting functions in QBooks 2002 ... along with easier access to all these features . I used to have to format alot more reports for my clients , whereas they are now standard , in most cases.YES , you have to pay for the payroll ... but they have cleaned it up so well , it 's a cinch for my clients to do themselves now , if they so choose . In previous editions , IF a client even tried to set it up themselves , the results were NOT optimal.Job costing , invoicing , Accounts Rec and Payable are far easier for me to set up , train and/or maintain with clients books.This is even more true with each upgrade.There are reviews BY professionals in many accounting magazines ... and QuickBooks is STILL at the top of the stack and growing in the more inexpensive accounting software packages . I am one of those professionals that have used most everything out there in this price range -- that is why I direct my clients to QuickBooks.I have stated before , I am NOT thrilled with raised prices ... but again , do I believe it 's worth it ?? Yes , and even more so now than 5 months ago .
 WE ARE A DISTRIBUTOR OF WIRE AND CABLE . CURRENTLY USING QUICK BOOKS 2000 . HAVE USED ALL THE OLDER VERSONS BACK TO WINDOWS 3.1 . I FINIALLY BROKE DOWN AND NETWORKED OUR 4 COMPUTERS.THINKING MULTI USER WOULD BE NICE , I STARTED SHOPPING FOR 2000 PRO . I FIND THE REVIEWS HERE AT AMOZON APPALING AND SCARY BECAUSE I GIVE QB2000 RAVES.I AM CURENTLY AT 32 MEGS OF DATA , HOLDING OUT TO 12/31 TO COMPRESS.THE PROGRAM WORKS WITHOUT A FLAW.I AM AWARE THAT INTUIT IS NOT HELPFUL TO THEIR CUSTOMER BASE , BUT I HAVE NOT REALLY NEEDED THEM . WHAT ELSE IS NEW IN THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF COMPUTERS?WE ARE A SALES COMPANY , QB GIVES US A GREAT DEAL OF SALE INFORMATION WHICH IS VERY IMPORTANT , AND IS WHY I GIVE IT 98 % . THE ACCOUNTING IS FINE FOR OUR ACCOUNTANT.QUESTION ... . DO I BUY THE 2002 PRO UPGRADE ????
 This is actually an excellent software , but I wish to have using multi-currency version sothat it can be used all over the world .
 IF you have n't upgraded your QuickBooks software , NOW is the time to do it ! Between the subtle differences and the innovative ones , you can get so much more from this package.I am a Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor in Southern California and Beta-tested the 2002 software , so I DO know the improvements made.There are 4 desktop versions . . QBooks Basic , QBooks Pro , QBooks Premium and Accountant 's QBooks Premium . Obviously I will be using the Accountant 's version , and with this , I will be able to do so much more than before . For one , if you have had QBooks for a few years , you do know how slow it can get with entries . . well , NOW we can close off years FINALLY , and store them.A BIG PLUS is the Remote Access
 I 've ben a QuickBooks user for years . I have owned restaurants , various retail businesses and a property management firm . For an all-purpose financial management tool , QuickBooks ca n't be beat . In addition , Intuit has the most comprehensive on-line troubleshooting guide I have ever found on the internet . It gets a 4 out of 5 stars due to its lack of telephone support -LRB- at least free telephone support for the first 60 days of ownership -RRB- . As good as the on-line database is , some things that need troubleshooting require a phone call .
 As a small business accountant , I have used a variety of accounting software programs including QuickBooks , Peachtree , etc. . Of all the programs I have used QuickBooks is the easiest for non-accountants to use . It 's also the easiest for non-accountants to screw up . Therein lies the problem . QuickBooks does not teach you accounting . It provides you with a framework to keep track of your records . When it 's set up and maintained correctly , it provides a business owner with tons of valuable data on the health of your business . I recommend QuickBooks very highly but I suggest that business owner 's get help from a pro when they 're setting up their company . I have spent numerous billable hours cleaning up poorly set up companies . Although that 's great for MY business , it 's not good for yours . It 's much cheaper for you to start out with the right framework and training . Understanding the numbers side of your business is crucial to your success but do n't expect a software program to be the magic bullet that teaches you everything you need to know . QuickBooks is a great tool and all my regular clients use it most successfully with a little help from their friendly accountant .
 Give a really fine lawyer a piano , and he very likely will not be able to make music . Give a dynamic entrepreneur a green eye shade , and you probably have n't made him into an accountant.QB Basic tries to help all of us organize our bookeeping so that we can save some of the billable hours for which our accountants are so infamous . In general , Intuit has done a pretty fine job of it , given that the Basic edition is based on the assumption that its users will want a system , not a tool for teaching them accounting . When you have finished the month , quarter , or year , you can turn the results over to the professional so that he can stamp it for approval before you send it to your creditors . You probably will have saved lots of billable hours ...
 As a number of people here have mentioned Getting started can be a challenge , BUT that is n't necessarily the softwares fault . True accounting practices are NOT necessarily intuitive to the un-initiated . If you have no experience in the paper based world of keeping books then do n't expect this software to make it easy for you to do it on a computer . This product does make is much much easier than it could be . If you 've not had experience keeping books than get yourself a book on basic book keeping / accounting practices . Also buy yourself a book beyond what the manufacturer puts out as a ` manual ' . I used Gail Perry 's Using QuickBooks 2002 to train my wife to run QuickBooks and although it was n't exactly what I 'd call ` hand holding ' it was thorough.BOTTUM LINE
 This is n't so much a review , but I had a problem yesterday and was told to write to quickbooks . This is the only site I could find . I recently installed the updated version and have been using since 10/21 . I turned my computer on last night and before I could go into quickbooks it wanted a password . I never enter passwords.I called tech support and they insisted I entered a password , as I am the only person who uses the program and the computer is in my hame I have no need to use passwords.I then shut down the computer and restarted it and I was able to go into quickbooks.I would like someone to tell me why this happened.The tech support people were of no help .
 I 've been a software developer for 40 years , and I wrote a General Ledger program for the PC 15 years ago . So then , why did I buy QuickBooks ? Because I wanted to accept credit card payments , and QuickBooks is a LOT cheaper than one of those dumb credit card terminals . However , QuickBooks was written by the `` be reasonable - do it our way '' school of software development ; the program is NOT intuitive -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , so the learning curve is significant . The program starts out in `` interview mode '' and asks you questions without telling you the impact of your answers . Once you get your company and chart of accounts set up , the program is quite flexible . I found the program 's `` Help '' facility one of the best I 've seen in PC software.So , after reading all these negative reviews here , I decided to get a copy of Peachtree Accounting 2003 and compare it .1 . QuickBooks offers subaccounts -LRB- very useful -RRB- ; Peachtree does n't .2 . QuickBooks does n't require account numbers ; Peachtree does . This makes QuickBooks much easier to use , and easier for non-accounting types to learn .3 . Working with the Chart of Accounts is much easier in QuickBooks than Peachtree .4 . Reports seem easier to set up in QuickBooks than Peachtree , although that could just be my experience .5 . Peachtree offers a brief accounting tutorial ; QuickBooks does n't .6 . Peachtree installation is easy and straight-forward , but it wo n't install common files on a Samba-based network drive , and downloaded updates are only stored on the local drive . QuickBooks works fine with Samba-based network drives , and makes a point of putting downloaded updates on a sharable drive .7 . Reinstalling QuickBooks after you 've updated the program is a pain , as your company data file can not then be read by the freshly reinstalled QuickBooks . Unfortunately , the only way to re-update the software is to load a company file . So , you 've got to load one of the sample files , upgrade , and then load your company file . Confusing and DUMB.I 'm not at all impressed with Intuit as a company -LRB- especially TurboTax -RRB- , but this program is significantly better than Peachtree -LRB- the only other program out there I know of that can process credit card payments online -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have used the software . I have not read the documentation or any books associated with quickbooks . I do know a little bit about accounting and the double entry concept . I was able to set up a trial company with vendors , customers and employees with all associated income , expense and equity accounts . I took a Friday evening and a Saturday morning to explore most of the menu items . I even tried the online version and will sign up and use it once it has most of the features I need for the startup company I am forming.In a nutshell , I found it extremely easy to use . I like the merchant account , payroll service and credit card options that go along with the software and will sign up for them . I do not find the fees excessive and certainly reasonable for the time they save . I plan to come back and add another review in 3 months after it has been battle tested . The software has passed my initial testing with flying colors .
 I 've been using MindManager for years and can tell you that it 's an outstanding piece of work . It 's saved me countless hours developing project plans , documentation , presentations , web sites and training materials . The latest version , MindManager 2002 is clearly the best yet.It 's a little tough to describe what it does , but I 'll try . If you are already familiar with mind maps , you are well on your way to understanding this application . -LRB- See `` The Mind Map Book '' by Tony Buzan and Barry Buzan . -RRB- MindManager allows you to put down your thoughts in a random sequence , but still keep them organized . Once you 're done , a couple clicks will turn them into a Microsoft Project project plan , a PowerPoint presentation , a web site or a document for printing . I have n't tried it yet , but it can be used via the internet to develop mind maps interactively with others . See the MindJet web site for more information and some cool samples.When people see me using it , they always ask what it is . More often than not , they become mind map , and Mind Manager converts .
 MindManager is more than just a piece of mind mapping software . As soon as you experience the ease with which you can add and manipulate words and images -LRB- simply drag and drop -RRB- , your actual thinking processes begin to change . You see new connections between ideas . Thoughts become tangible . Hyperlinking between maps and ideas you can create your own personal web of associations . Now , rather than making lists you can spread out your thinking on the screen and reflect on what you know and what you want to achieve.The ability of MindManager to hyperlink information comes into its own when you see the power of the export to HTML websites.You simply load up your map with your information , create links between branches you want to hyperlink and export . In no more than 30 seconds you have a fully navigable website to upload to the web or your intranet . Your branches become the web pages.The open progranmming interface is also now being exploited by third parties that add extra functions to the basic software -LRB- Business Edition and Above -RRB- For example at MindManuals.com we have developed a new publishing medium called a MindManual that is largely built using MindManager exported web pages .
 This is a wonderful tool for organizing , collecting , relating and brainstorming thoughts . At first I was skeptical whether it could be of more value than simple pencil and paper . But the fact is the more I use MindManager , the more I like it . I am using it to relate a variety of ideas that were previously just floating in my head . With MindManager I can get them down on the screen and start to see the relationships . Also , nothing falls through the cracks , because it 's all there on the map . There are countless ways to enhance the mind map using built-in symbols and graphics . Maps can be linked to each other or to web sites . The user interface is stunning ... nearly perfect ! The best way to experience it is to try the 21 day free trial from the MindManager web site .
 What can be better than teaching a child by example rather than explanation ? I Love Science takes this `` hands-on '' concept to the next level.Children are able to conduct experiments of every conceivable kind through the process of deductive reasoning , trial and error and hypotheses . Each scientific concept is introduced using several different approaches in a fun atmosphere with likeable characters.Three locales teach the concepts of environmental , chemical , and physical sciences . At the tree house the human body , environment , animals and plants are explored . In the kitchen we are introduced to chemical experiments through sorting and testing combinations ; and in the garage we are invited to participate in the physical sciences through forces , electricity , sound and heat.I Love Science takes a technical subject and transforms it into an enjoyable game of the understanding of everyday life . For those of you who hated science in school , your interest may be rekindled when you discover that it should have always been this clearly introduced and practiced .
 This program is running flawlessly for us on Windows 98 . My 6 year old is having a blast ... each unit features a brief -LRB- one paragraph -RRB- reading segment that introduces vocabulary , followed by an experiment , followed by multiple choice questions . The experiments are user driven in that the child gets to choose what to try next and can do these things again without a time limit . They are set up simply and demonstrate the principles very well . -LRB- In the real world experiments never work quite this well . -RRB- The question section -LRB- in which the experiment setup is still on screen in case you need to go back and try again to answer -RRB- is very good starting with questions about results , followed by concepts and then ending with a question that extends knowledge . The characters are gentle and supportive for incorrect choices . The `` game '' component refreshingly takes up little time and includes questions or vocabulary drilling . The speed of these video components -LRB- even at the lowest setting -RRB- has been too fast . This is a great program .
 A fun game . You can do lots of experiments and win printibale experiments when you catch the cat .
 I love science is a really good programme because I use it at school and it helps me to understand science much better . also you get to pick what parts you are not sure on and do them instead of doing everything you know . it has 3 sections . Rosies Treehouse . Mo 's Workshop and Als . I hope many of you buy it because it is really good for Y5 - Y6 . UK
 You can get it to work on Windows XP if you go to this link and download the patch.http : / / www.learnatglobal.com/html/xp_sound.html
 I 've had the opportunity to utilize Talkworks Pro for about four months and it has been an outstanding compliment to my small business . It has done all that I 've asked
 I bought an external 3Com/USR 56K Voice FaxModem PRO -LRB- model 5605 -RRB- in 1999 . It came with Winfax Pro 8.0 which included Talkworks 2.0 as an optional install . I have a SOHO setup and have used this configuration quite happily through Windows 95 , 98 , 2000 and XP pro . The telephone interface did not work after Win 98 but that was OK as the message manager , voice and fax still worked . As well after Y2K the automatic interval resend on faxes did not work but not a big deal for my SOHO operation.I was aware of Talkworks Pro 3.0 and just when I was going to upgrade Symantec dropped the product around 2001 or so . Over the years I bid on some copies listed on ebay but never won and then found this listing on amazon late last year and purchased it . It works flawlessly for me on WIN XP Pro sp2 , the upgrade saved all of my fax files and folders and the telephone interface can be used . The most important issue is to have a compatable fax/voice modem -LRB- Class 1 , 2 or 2.0-Rockwell , US Robotics , IS101 or Cirrus Logic voice-capable chipset with caller ID and speaker phone capabilities -RRB- . There are still some used 5605 's floating around the internet and well worth it to work with Talkworks Pro 3.0 .
 Oz the Magical Adventure is a wonderful educational trip down the yellow brick road . My mom bought this game for my autistic brother and he loves it . The games are entertaining , the characters are wonderful and the animation is highly enjoyable.This adventure puts you into the story of `` The Wizard of Oz '' . But something has gone terribly wrong . The Wicked Witch has sent one of her flying monkeys to capture Dorothy and Toto . As Dorothy and Toto are carried away from the yellow brick road Glinda the good witch of the South appears to tell the Scarecrow , Tin Woodman , and the Lion to keep going to the Emerald City . Once in the throne room of the Emerald City , the Wizard of Oz tells the three companions he will grant their wishes if they rescue Dorothy , kill the Wicked Witch , and bring Dorothy back as proof . He gives you a medallion which will open the door to the witches castle . It 's missing nine jewels . The jewels are hidden all around Oz . Your objective now is to help the Tin Man , Scarecrow , and Lion find the jewels and get to Dorothy and Toto . Now it 's up to you to save Dorothy , Toto , and all of Oz from the Wicked Witch of the West.This game is based on the original book `` The Wonderful Wizard of Oz '' by L. Frank Baum , not the movie with Judy Garland . The game brings out characters from the book , characters from other Oz books , and new characters that are equaly lovable . You must journey with the Tin Man , Sacarecrow , and Lion to locations in Oz such as the Land of the Munchkins , the Land of the Winkies , and the Country of the Quadlings . In each land there are three games . Between each land there are mini games . Some are to transport you between the lands and some are for plain entertainment and do n't have any purpose other than that . There are 15 games total.The games all teach basic logic and directions . For example
 I should admit from the outset that I was really excited to play this disk with my daughter , since she has become a Wizard of Oz fanatic . And it did not disappoint ! The graphics , settings , and story clips make this software truly a `` magical adventure '' ! Your child is sent on a mission , along with scarecrow , tinman , and lion , to rescue Dorothy from the wicked witch . To do this , he will need to earn jewels by completing various activities . These cover a wide range of thinking skills - not the traditional phonics and number-type games , but completing patterns , hooking up pipes so that they form a straight tube , weighing , memory activities , etc.Along the way your child will visit Munchkinland , Emerald City , and the Witch 's Mountain - all loosely based on the movie and book , but enough different that they seem fresh . The animation is breathtaking and seems so real that my daughter will only enter the dark woods scene when I 'm in the room ! Countless other details -LRB- the tinman 's proper British accent , the lion 's loping movements , etc. -RRB- make this almost as entertaining as watching a real movie.The skills covered are math , logic and reasoning , problem-solving , memory , measurement/fractions , and spatial relationships . As mentioned earlier , these are taught through innovative activities
 My son got this computer game for Christmas , it is wonderful . It is so hard to know with pc games these days , and a REALLY good one seems to be harder and harder to find for 5-8 age group . Both of my boys boys enjoy playing it -LRB- ages 5 and 7.5 -RRB- . My son had all three levels mastered in one sitting , and still begs to play it everyday . The easy level is pretty easy and the third level is a great challenge for him . We literally have to limit how long he will play , because he might all day if we let him ! So , if you have a kiddo enjoys computer games like mine , check this one out ...
 I bought this for my five-year-old son last Christmas , and he 's been playing it ever since . It has three difficulty levels that keep it fresh over time . Very nicely done !
 I 've been using TaxCut since 1996 and have always found it to be a superior product . 2001 Filing Edition has been as good as always . Read the reviews on ZDNet and PCMagazine , TaxCut does a better and more accurate job . The TaxCut interview interface is simple and easy to understand . It covers everything from your basic Schedule A itemizations to complex multi-business , investment loss , and capital gains filings . Taxcut has never let me down .
 People seem to be reporting a lot of problems . This surprises me since I had NONE under W2000 . I 've always liked TaxCut and this year the program is even better . Quick and easy to use , it took me 1/2 the time to finish that it did last year . Online help is improved and the integration with the state package is better this year also.I would reccomend this to anyone and do .
 I thought tax cut was really good . However , it was a little confusing especially the state version . -LRB- New Jersey -RRB- there were different sections that I had know clue as to what they wanted .
 I bought it in 1999 , 2000 and will again this year . It has been the easiest to use and I love how it mimics all the forms . In 1999 I tried one of the ` other ' tax software . I been doing my taxes for years and this ` other ' tax software left out things and was totally different than the tax forms I had just penciled in . I knew it was wrong and not easy to use . The same day I downloaded Taxcut and presto - the taxes I figured by hand was exactly what Taxcut figured and it even found some of my errors ! What a tax tool !!!
 Very intuitive and easy to use product . Superior to `` other '' tax software because explanations are more detailed and easily understood in comparison . Interface tends to be a little more awkward though . This software is also a steal and far less expensive than TurboTax products . TaxCut Deluxe comes with free State software rebate -LRB- must purchase in addition -RRB- and rebate up to $ 34.95 on Microsoft Money 2002 Deluxe . ... Microsoft Money Deluxe 2002 has won every recent comparison I 've seen in both personal finance and computer magazine reviews . In the end , you get three great products for an unbelievable price ...
 If you do n't belive my previous post that this is the better tax software , cehck out PC Magazine 's review in their Jan. 29 , 2002 issue . TaxCut beats all contenders and gets 5 stars from them .
 This software is the best Tax Software available for the average Tax filer also if you spent a few hundred dollars at a Tax prearer -LRB- HR Block -RRB- last year and this years return is similar to last you have a template available already to do it yourself . Only difference is you type in the new numbers rather than having them do typing for you . Is it worth the -LRB- ... -RRB- dollars extra to have someone else type in the info you had to gather up anyway for them to type into their computer ? You decide . If you are comfortable using a computer and have a good idea of what your taxes should look like from previous years tax returns then it is a good deal and fairly simple , and take advantage of free state software !! I have used it for the past two years and find it adequate for my basic needs .
 I used TurboTax for 4 yrs , but last year the program just would n't work when I tried to e-file , forcing me to print my return and mail it . For 2001 , I switched to TaxCut . I use & like Money2002 , and since Microsoft owns Kiplinger , I thought I 'd give it a shot . It worked great ! E-filing was a breeze . My fed refund was in my checking account in 7 days , my state , one week later . It 's a better value than TurboTax too ...
 This was the 4th consecutive year that I have used TaxCut . Again I was very happy with the results , and will plan to use TaxCut again next tax year . Inputting the data is so simple . TaxCut walks you through the whole process , it could n't be easier . When I was confused about anything , the answers were easy to find by clicking on the help icon.I also purchased the TaxCut State software and that was extemely easy for my state - Oregon . Ca n't beat the price for the State software either -LRB- free with rebate -RRB- . Filing electronically was very simple too , better than last year . Again you can do that free by mailing in a rebate.I would n't hesitate to recommend this software to my family and friends . Once you try it , I am sure that you would agree .
 I bought this software and used it to do my taxes , but for some reason I was unsure about it , so I then went to H&R Block and had them do the taxes afterwards . The difference was $ 15 and I ended up paying $ 146 for the service . I recommend paying ... or so for the federal and state packages and doing it yourself . Save that $ 150 that I wasted ! ...
 I purchased Taxcut the other day ... I was originally going to get TurboTax , but was put off by the price -LRB- $ -RRB- , and found this Taxcut software nearby . It was -LSB- less costly -RSB- and had H&R Block 's name on it , so I figured it could n't be too bad . So I bought it . I finished my taxes yesterday ... efiled them and everything . I really had no problems . I mean , my taxes are relatively simple ... just some income , deductible student loans , some capital gains , and thats about it . I answered the questions , the computer did the calculations and filled out the forms , and out they went ! I mean , there were a few times where the user interface could 've been a bit more clear -LRB- maybe once or twice , when filling out these worksheets -RRB- , but that 's about it . I 'd rank this software as `` good '' , especially for the low price . I 'd recommend it , and will use it again next year .
 Taxcut pulled in my small business depreciation tables from last year 's return , and Turbotax would not . I really did n't want to re-enter all of the info . TaxCut worked well with the following exception.At one point , it just started to crash when working in the schedule C. I had to uninstall and re-install , no problems since it was reloaded . This problem did not affect the saved tax return -LRB- luckily -RRB- . I am running WinXP .
 I have used Tax Cut for 3 years and have been very pleased . I have several complicated tax issues such as rental properties , capital gains and losses from various sources , and IRA conversions . This program handles them all without any problem .
 I have used Taxcut for the past 2 years and will use it again this year . When I first started using Taxcut I did my taxes on paper first then entered all the information into Taxcut . Not only was it exactly as I anticipated but Taxcut even found a few errors in my own interpretation of the forms . I then checked with the IRS web site to find out where I went wrong and Taxcut was right . Thanks to Taxcut I find it very easy to do my taxes and have had zero problems with the program crashing or the way the program figures my taxes . Everything is the same as I have been doing for years .
 I used the TaxCut 2000 last year and found it to be very easy to work with . I had no problems what so ever and it took no time at all to complete . It asks all the questions that are stated very simply , and if you need further explainations you can get those as well . You can also get support from H&R Block or go to H&R Block 's website for more tax information . I highly recommend this program and will purchase the 2001 edition for this year .
 TaxCut is great ! Never any problems . Intuitively easy to use.I was burned by Turbo Tax two years in a row . They did n't have all the forms I needed and the electronic filing did n't work . I wound up having to hire H&R ; Block to do my taxes . I tried to get the `` guaranteed '' refund from TurboTax , but nobody answered the phone number they gave you to request the refund . TurboTax was a big ripoff . Buy TaxCut instead -- you 'll be much happier .
 I have used TaxCut for 4 years and this will be my 5th . I had taxes prepared by a professional for years and find this software asks the same questions he did ... but without an hourly charge ! If you buy the non-final edition you can expect some idiosyncracies ... it 's best to wait until the final edition is published as tax laws change right up to December 31 . This is true of ALL tax software . The only thing I would change are some of the explanation screens ; some seem not complete , and others are jargon-filled . A good all-around buy for basic tax-prep !
 This was my second Nancy Drew game , at frist I had a bit of trouble . Once I remmembered what the frist game ; -LRB- The Secret of shadow Ranch -RRB- had to teach me . Well I will just say keep your eye 's open and your mind clear.Loads of fun !
 The big news for this update is that it now uses the same sound engine found in the high-end professional versions -LRB- Studio and Producer -RRB- . Includes well-chosen set of virtual instruments and effects , and be sure to search the net for the huge number of free VST and DXI effects out there that will add a lot of additional value to this product . See the Cakewalk site for details of this product , and be sure to watch the instructional videos even if you are a long-time Home Studio user -LRB- you can find them on Cakewalk 's site too to have a preview of what you get -RRB- . This is probably the most significant update of Home Studio ever , and well worth the money for the home studio musician ... you can make very professional-sounding recordings with this product . Note you will also need a MIDI and audio interface to plug in your keyboard/microphone/guitar , etc. . BTW I recommend the XL version even at the extra cost over the non-XL version , the extras are worth it .
 Steep learning curve for a beginner . I was a beginner , and it took me 1-2 months to figure out what I was doing . Now I love it , and would highly recommend it . Many advanced features included , that are missing from other music creation software programs .
 To the user complaining after an upgrade from `` music creator '' all i can say is `` wow . '' I ca n't even imagine forgoing the extra functionality that ships with sonar home studio 6 xl compared with the regular home studio , let alone music creator!I 've used sonar LE and home studio 2004 ... and in my opinion this new version is well worth the upgrade from both . It is very powerful and really is a complete `` home studio '' -LRB- although I agree there is a definite learning curve involved -RRB- . If anything , I am wishing i 'd purchased sonar studio edition 7 for that added punch ... but there 's always next year .
 This is the best DAW I have used for home studio use . I love the features it has and the online forums are very helpful . The only thing you will need with this is a lot of plug-ins , although it comes with some pretty goods ones . There are a lot of free ones online that are pretty good too . Enough said because their website has all the information you would need
 With all of the soft synths added such as pocket orchestra and TTS , this is well worth the money you pay for it , just over a hundred bucks ! All of your home recording needs are in this software , you wo n't be dissappointed !
 I have had zero problems with this software . It works with Vista , it does what it promises and the instructional videos are actually helpful . I am satisfied .
 The new version of MS Works , designed for the SoHo market , includes Word 2002 , the word processor included in Office XP . ... Works 2002 also includes Money 2002 ... , Encarta 2002 , Picture It ! Photo 2002 ... and Works 6 ... Put it all toghether and you wil see that this is a very good price for all these products .
 Quick fun and instant knowledge of the most basic elements of life . This package includes archaic language along with thesaurus definitions and latin words that help words fit together if used in the correct declension . It helps build my vocabulary better than a Stephen King novel .
 It was all good , but why did it not include a dictionary and translator like the previous old version ????? Please reply if possible.Tom
 The product came very quickly after ordering , and it was just what I needed.Thank you .
 This worked wonderfully and thankfully , when my computer crashed , I got it in 2-3 days . Thanks a bunch !
 I just bought this program and installed all the programs but Picture It ! and Streets and Trips . I almost did n't buy this set of programs because of the bad reviews the other reviewers gave it . I had no trouble installing Word or any of the programs for that matter and if you ca n't install Words , it 's true there would be no word processor for Works . I 'm running Windows XP -LRB- which I love ! After years of constant lockups with Win 98 , I no longer have this problem , althought fair warning , drivers for some older hardware can be a real problem -RRB- , a 700 mhz Intel processor , 128 megs ram , and a 6 gig harddrive . Almost time to build myself another new computer , since yes , all these new programs take up a lot room and I could really use more space , but with that a little more horsepower would be better . I do not believe that Works Suite 2002 is made for XP , but maybe that helped ???! I 'm just trying to be a little more fair .
 This is a great collection of easy to use software that appreciates the budget of the user , from a powerful word processor to easy photo-editing solution . Included in works is Microsoft Word version 2002 ! Now come on , this product sells individually at an outrageous price of $ 300 plus dollars . You are able to create professional looking documents , memo 's and resumes , included with this version of Word , are speech recognition technologies , Send for Review , Document recovery and a slew of other powerful features . The other productivity applications such as the Works spreadsheet and database are not as powerful as Microsoft Excel and Access , but they do get the job done . This product really is worth the five stars . If you are looking for robust applications for computing and other powerful features , start thinking about saving for Microsoft Office . Microsoft Encarta Encyclopedia 2002 standard is also included and trust me I used version 2001 and this version is even more powerful and amazing with concise , articulated information . So for students who want assistance with their reports and essays , Encarta is the one-stop reference material for all your information . Every OEM manufacturer should offer MS Works as a part of their computer package . Software like Lotus does n't really meet the needs of users anymore , Lotus is like a low-end version of Works , not much functionality . Other great software includes Picture It ! Photo Express , which is great for fixing up your photos , removing red eyes and it also creates great art and craft materials . Streets and Trips is a handy geographic solution when it comes to planning your travels , so for those people who like to go on vacation , this is a good opportunity to purchase . Money is always useful when it comes to organizing and preparing you financial data , so you do n't have to worry about calculating and managing your frustrating financial taxes . With insightful tutorials and easy to use wizards , Money is a smart solution when it comes to handling your `` money '' . Remember if you are looking for robust software that takes software computing to a different level , think about Microsoft Office . But for those people who need only the essentials , Works is the way to go !
 The side of this box has caused me much confusion . It says -- as does Microsoft 's own product page -- that this is an UPGRADE , and that you must have a previous copy of Works or Word to run it . Not true . It runs fine as a stand-alone , ... As for the product itself , you get MS Word , Works , and several other programs for ... well , Amazon.com never lets you talk about price on their web site , but let 's just say it was a two-digit figure , and a low one at that . Why pay more for a stand-alone of Word that 's exactly the same , a program whose cost is well in the three-digit range ? Makes no sense to me . I 'm tempted to say Bill Gates has no business sense , only he 's a billionaire and I 'm not . Anyway , I consider the other programs to be mostly gravy , but I must say Picture It ! is about as useless as they come and if you are serious about tweaking your scans and online photos I 'd recommend a more heavy-duty program like PhotoShop or CorelPaint . This program was designed for someone with a triple-lobotomy . Dumbed-down does n't begin to describe it . Street & Trips seems like it 'd be useful for planning a vacation by car , so I 'll undoubtedly give that a try this summer . By registering online you become eligible for updates , so I 'm * assuming * they 'd update roads and maps as they change . That would make sense anyway . Do n't really have much use for the money program . Have n't tried the encyclopedia yet ... Again I 'd assume it is updated online every so often . Would be the main way a computer encyclopedia would be more useful than a book one , at least.As for the whiney review below me that stated he had to download a bunch of useless stuff on his computer just to get word , he neglected to mention -LRB- or was too stupid to follow the directions to learn that -RRB- you can customize the install , and only download the programs you want , so he could have just downloaded Word if that 's all he wanted . And getting a full-blown version of Word for -LSB- that very reasonable two-digit price again -RSB- is well worth it.They just could have given us such a better Picture Editing program , if they wanted . They should be ashamed of what they include here , with its headache-inducing , nerve-jangling Flash animations and loud , popping sound effects . There is a way to turn them off and bypass all the silly childish animation , but they do n't tell you how ; you have to poke around yourself . -LRB- In the animation screen itself , right-click and uncheck the animation boxes that are chosen by default . Next time you fire up the program , no obnoxious animations . Repeat this right-click technique for every annoying animation screen you come across as you use the program . -RRB-
 I got this program almost 2 months ago . It works really well on XP and has some good features . I 'd previously had a 10 year old version of Works so this is a really big change . The full version of Word is included on this software and it 's really helpful for a college student who has to write essays for English and other classes at least a couple of times a month . I 'll admit , I probably wo n't use most of the stuff in this package , but it 's nice to know it 's there in case I do .
 I ordered a Gateway computer last October , and decided to install some updates this August . The updater asked for the disc and to my surprise , it was n't with the software Gateway included with my system . I thought it was the ` Applications Disc ' , but it was n't . I contacted Gateway and they informed me that they could have only provided it to me if I had notified them within 30-90 days of receiving my system . Therefore , I have to buy it all over again , especially since my version of Word wo n't work because I started to install the update without the disc!Just a warning to everyone , make sure you have everything you 're supposed to have right away . I 'd even take your Gateway computer to a Gateway store and have them verify that everything is included . Or just do n't buy from them at all.So besides not working if you do n't have the disc , This Suite is pretty decent , I really like the Streets application -LRB- but it does n't work if you do n't have the disc -RRB-
 I just bought this program and installed all the programs but Picture It ! and Streets and Trips . I almost did n't buy this set of programs because of the bad reviews the other reviewers gave it . I had no trouble installing Word or any of the programs for that matter and if you ca n't install Words , it 's true there would be no word processor for Works . I 'm running Windows XP -LRB- which I love ! After years of constant lockups with Win 98 , I no longer have this problem , althought fair warning , drivers for some older hardware can be a real problem -RRB- , a 700 mhz Intel processor , 128 megs ram , and a 6 gig harddrive . Almost time to build myself another new computer , since yes , all these new programs take up a lot room and I could really use more space , but with that a little more horsepower would be better . I do not believe that Works Suite 2002 is made for XP , but maybe that helped ???! I 'm just trying to be a little more fair .
 I had the program installed . Then all of a sudden it said the program was corrupted . I tried to reinstal the progrm and itwo n't install . Maybe I got a bad cd but the rest of the works 2002 suite installed perfectly . If you use this program get ready for anything can happen .
 My wife simply loves this program . She can do everything she wants with it . The only problem was when we upgraded our computer . It was getting a runtime error and terminating . Microsoft has a patch for it . It was caused by having more than 850mb of ram . Works great now , even faster and better on the new XP machine than the old one that ran Me . Fun and versatile , and highly recommended .
 I gave my copy of this to my mother-in-law and I came to look at reviews to decide if I want to upgrade . I am very surprised to see the reviews here . I have had a lot of fun with this software . I did have a little trouble in the beginning learning to use it because I had the original very basic version before . I have loaded this one on 5 different computers without any problems . There is one little thing though , I got rid of Norton antivirus a long time ago because of problems loading software . I now use Avast . You can get it free at Avast.com and it works great . It also does n't interfere with loading software . By the way I have decided to buy this one again ...
 I am not the most experienced with photo editing programs , but Picture It seems great . They have an abundance of things you can do with photos and an abundance of things you can create with photos . I use this as my scanning software as well . It has functionality for digital cameras , but I have n't tried that yet . The other reviewers that I have read have had installation problems . My software came already installed on my new Windows XP computer , so I did n't have to install it . I have n't had any problems or error messages . It may just be that it does n't play well with older operating systems .
 I am trying to find a way to tell Microsoft that this program or any other PictureIt !! programs I have tried just will not install properly . Hundreds and hundreds of thumbnails are just not there and it is very frustrating because I think this has some good graphics and photos etc. . My computer is an HP Pent111 and lots of RAM and only 2 years old !! I have uninstalled and reinstalled dozens of times . I have tried phoning Microsoft Canada but can never get through !! Mrs. Louise Fair
 I currently own this version and love It ! I am in need of an additional version !! Please help . I used all of my loads and the program will not let me load again . I purchased a new computer and I want to load PictureIt with publisher on It . If anyone out there has access to a new or used version that is still loadable please contact me at provel@mirealsource.com.Thanks,Beth
 This is probably one of the best all around advanced amatuer graphics programs available from MicroSoft . Greater features than later graphics programs such as Microsoft Picture It Premium Ver .10 2004 which has a smaller selection of fonts and less felxibilty for imaginative creation . This is well worth the purchase if your looking for a relatively simple to use graphics program offering greater potential to advance your skills within the confines of the program itself . Fine even in XP .
 I am ao happy with this product that I am buying one for my niece . It is user friendly and has a great variety of tools to choose from .
 so happy I found this item . I had an older version of Picture it and used it frequently . It became scratched and was not able to use it any longer . Order 2002 and am pleased to say my projects are now completed for Christmas .
 I really enjoy the simple effects you can use to create new ideas with all of your projects . I would recommend it to anyone !
 It does take a great deal of room on the hard drive and I unwillingly had to remove it from my hard drive to allow more space and that was a mistake because Microsoft has dropped it.A new hard drive has given me more space so I purchased a used set and recently downloaded it and was able to retrieve previous work I had done located in the `` gallery '' that was still available on my computer.The `` new '' software was sold through Amazon by a software supplier so I look forward to begin again making return address labels and cards w/pictures from my `` pictures folder '' stored on my computerI ordered from Amazon based on a review I read on the Amazon website and it gave me confidence to buy another Picture It Publishing , this time the Platinum 2002 .
 This is by far the simplest photo editing program ever invented . Not only that , it has incredible potential for the user . However , you will need to take the time to explore it . I am a professional that has used several professional versions of photo software . However , for the simple quick fixes and touch ups , I still use just this . You can not tell the difference in the finished product .
 I am a Computer User Support Specialist and a member of a Computer User Group and I teach Computer Classes to beginning computer users . I use this program myself with my digital camera and scanner . It eliminates the need for your computer or scanner software and just gives you one amazing program that does it all . A perfect buy for a begiiner to an advanced user - EASILY convert pictures to jpegs and resize them without even knowing what a `` pixel '' is . Crop , rotate , red-eye reduction ... repair old photos - create flyers , banners , cards , etc similar to print shop or print artist - Easily uses label templates , business cards , index cards - you name it ! Wonderful templates and clipart . Create your own e-mail `` multimedia '' presentations and slide shows with music , graphics , and your own photographs . I would n't use any other program and I have three beginning level users who bought it , installed it , and learned how to do everything on their own ! Works just like other Windows programs by Microsoft ... It 's a great buy ! I have used it to convert all the photos for my own website ... and to size pictures to sell my items at online auction . Make Calendars , Use photo templates for Cute picture frames . Crop your face and put it on other `` template '' bodies for funny caricature type printouts . Very Easy to use !
 I really like this program . I use it primarily for photo editing , but I am also beginning to use its other great features such as card and label making . I do not give it 5 stars as it is not 100 % user-friendly . However , I would buy this program over again if I had to make the choice . You ca n't beat it for the money .
 In response to all of these reviews that I have seen on this product ... . I just have to say that the majority of the `` crash '' issues are directly related to the specs of the machine that you are running this program on . I will agree that this program is a memory hog , any good graphics program is . That 's the way they are . That includes Print Artist , Print Master , Print Shop ... any good program after repetitive graphics and photo use , needs lots of memory . Any graphics design person such as myself will recommend that you do not even ATTEMPT this on a computer below 256 MB of RAM and will tell you that there can still be crashes if you are under 512 Mb of ram with a good processor . I had this program running ME with 256 Mb of ram and I had crashes . Part of them were ME crashes and part of them were Picture It crashes . But all related to RAM . Now I run this 2002 version on Windows XP with NO PROBLEMS and I have been running it that way since XP came out with no problems . Now I have a new PC with 512 Mb RAM and an Atalon XP 2800 + and It runs BEAUTIFULLY . I have not had a crash from this program since I got away from the ME operating system . This program is not buggy for everyone to the extent that people are talking about . It has more capabilities to the trained eye , such as filters , transperency , etc that are similar to Photoshop , but Photoshop is a $ 700.00 program . This one is less than $ 50 ! I have had this program since it was released and I still love it , it serves all of my practical purposes and required no training -LRB- unlike Photoshop CS , which I have taken 6 eight-hour classes for . -RRB- So it 's a great buy for the money and easy to learn I hope this helps anyone who is looking . And as for the guy who said it is Java and runs in your internet browser ? I do n't know where he got that . This program absolutely does not run in an internet browser .
 I used to do a lot of family desktop publishing from Microsoft Publisher . I never liked that program because it was hard to use . Picture It ! Publishing , on the other hand , is very easy to use -- and offers all the tools a family publishing fan wants . You can get up and running in just a few minutes , and the program is intuitive . Definitely the best such program I have used . I tested the program on Windows ME and Windows 2000 systems and it was rock solid and never crashed . -LRB- Of course , your mileage may vary . -RRB- I eventually installed it on a Win2k laptop and have been very happy .
 This is a terrific program for creating greeting cards , flyers , certificates , labels , etc. . Incredibly easy for even beginners to learn to use . Has a huge library of sample projects and graphics . It 's silly to compare PictureIt 's photo editing capabilities , which are perfectly adequate for basic , nonprofessional use , to Photoshop , which costs about ten times as much and requires substantial training and experience . Previous versions of this software could be challenging to older computers and operating systems , but runs great on a new Pentium IV using Windows XP w/ample RAM . Of the 4-5 similar programs I 've tried , this is easily the best for general consumer graphics use .
 I absolutely love this software program but will Microsoft never update and create a new version ??? Does anybody know anything about a newer version being in the works ?
 Microsoft Picture It ! is the most easy software for desiging for those who are beginner and also for those who are expert in designing . Its so easy that even 10 year old child can use it to make such a good and professionl looking pictures and else . Who ever is planning to buy this product is very lucky because its the one every one which makes such a nice and perfect graphics and all other things you would like to edit .
 I have been using Picture It ! Publisher Platinum Edition V. 2001 since 2001 shortly after I went online . Though it does use up some memory , I have found it to be the BEST photo editing software out there . I 've used many others , or tried them out , and I always go back to PIP . Not only does it have so many more features , but I 've also designed and published web sites using PIP . I 've added music and sounds to my web sites with PIP . I 've also designed E-cards with sounds and matching graphics , sometimes using photos . You can also do crafts projects . When the Grandchildren were small I made them cards with the small envelopes for which to add money . My Grandchildren used to send me their pictures for editing so they could use them to make Christmas ornaments.With my PIP I can change the page -LRB- photo -RRB- size , use a number of neat photo `` frames , '' but I also make all my greeting cards with PIP ... even though I have other software . Downsizing the photo size enables one to use the photos on a web site without taking up much space yet you still have the same size photo when you view it from the `` thumbnail . '' I can add text using various fonts to my pictures , as well.I also use it for photos for selling on Ebay . Not only do I make photo albums using a number of styles , but I can delete and add my own clip art , photos , etc. . I can also change any greeting card and/or verse any way I wish , for example , I can add other clip art to my card.I have a motto when it comes to my Picture It ! Publisher software
 Microsoft Greetings 2002 is an excellent addition for those who already have a graphics or photo editor . The software supplies only limited amount of templates but I like to create my own so that is n't a concern for me . However , the product is easy to learn and allows you to use your own photos and graphics and if you have quality equipment like printers the end product looks professional . For the money there is no better product if you are just trying to create greeting cards .
 Microsoft has an nice program here with excellent illustrations to choose from in creating your own greeting cards . It is a one-trick pony but does do the trick very well . The one thing consumers should be aware of is the amount of space it will hog on your computer . Look at the minimum space requirements and then double them to get a better idea of how much room it needs to work smoothly . Same thing with the RAM . Too little RAM and it will freeze up on you or take forever to preview . While I generally dislike Microsoft products , this program has very professionally done graphics and colors which is what you are really purchasing in a card program .
 Microsoft Greetings is perfect for those wanting to make a quick greeting card for a birthday or holiday or `` just because '' . It has a nice selection of graphics and formats so that you can make a unique card that can be printed , published on the web or professionally printed . But like its name states this product is only for making greeting cards . If you want to do banners , labels , photo albums etc you should look into MS Picture It ! Publishing or MS Picture It ! Premium for a more robust application that includes photo editing . However if you are looking for a program to send greeting cards to loved ones during the year -LRB- esp if you forget and need one at the very last minute like me -RRB- then I recommend Microsoft Greetings .
 At school I used a old version of Greetings and surprisingly it was easy to use . At first you have to get accustomed to the user interface , but after a while you do n't have to concentrate on customization . Software programs take time getting use to . It has a lot of great features that are good enough for publishing . But if you the users want better publishing capabilities such as Business Cards , News Letters , Greeting Cards and wonderful easy to use features why not try Microsoft Publisher 2002 . For users who are new to things such as creating cards and other craft projects the integration and ease use between Microsoft Office makes Publisher 2002 a easy to use application . To me , Greetings is just an essentials program but if you want it all go for Publisher 2002 .
 Picture It Publishing has been a great tool to develop cards , flyers , posters and general photo editing . It is easy to use and has an adequate amount of clips and effects to keep a novice happy -LRB- it is a lot easier than Photoshop when it comes to home publishing -RRB- . I would recommend it , it has a few kinks but nothing unsurmountably wrong , and I 've been pleased with the results .
 ca n't use on windows 7 beware ! if you have xp go for it . Great for animations , and gif files , editing and more . I tell people that if you do n't have photoshop or the time to learn this is a great starter .
 For years Microsoft has been recognized as a leader in both the processing and publishing arenas . With their latest product , Microsoft Picture It Publishing 2002 , they have finally broken their own mold . This product is not only practical but fun to use . Saving hundreds of dollars in graphical artist expenses . It allows the end user a pallette to create as well as enjoy their masterpieces . Take a simple photograph , choose one of many projests available and you have a lifetime of memories . With over 10,000 projects you 'll never be bored . Imagine the wonders that can be accomplished with this simple to use software from a company that simply out does itself year after year . You will not be disappointed .
 I use Publisher a lot , but version 2002 I think is the a little bit jinxed . Why does n't Microsoft allow the program to share publications with Publisher 97 , 98 and 2000 ? `` Yes there are people still using version 97 '' . My youth group has a newsletter ; and we also create other types of publications . Persons responsible for the newsletter are running Publisher 97 and 98 still , and we have to share and review publications before we publish it . Publisher 2002 is basically giving me similar problems like Microsoft Access 2002 , `` backward compatibility '' . Please Microsoft I 'm begging you to work on the compatibility and not new features only . I love the new look and everything but I need better functionality and flexibility . And this is not a true Office application until compatibility has become a major priority . Please fix that for me MS and we have a deal . Over all the application is easy to use , there are new design templates and tons of clipart . I like the Picture It ! Photo Editor software but I do n't use it a lot . It has some cool features though , such as removing red eye and brightening photos , so a lot of you out there will find that useful for fixing up photos ! Integration with Word is easier that 's a plus , it was hell in 2000 . What I think Microsoft wants you the consumer to do is tell your friends to upgrade to the new version , but we are strapped for cash right now MS , so all of us wo n't be upgrading for now . For users new to desktop publishing , I recommend Publisher 2002 , it 's easier than other high-end DTP 's and has a lot of design features that makes it easy for you to either create cards and other design projects . The price is reasonable compared to PageMaker and Quark X-Press , I gave it four stars because of its features and ease of use , and I would have given it five , but compatibility !
 I submitted this review once before , but obviously Amazon did n't like my language used.I was so mad when I received this package in the mail and read the ` requisites ' that had to be fulfilled to use the rebate I was HOT ! You have to have purchased either MS publisher in a previous version or other MS products to qualify for sending in the $ 30.00 rebate . I was totally ` ticked off ' before I even opened the software package after reading the rebate requirements.If you are looking to purchase a great program , go ahead and buy it , but you might do better buying it in a local store versus having to wait a week or more to receive the MS Publisher in the mail promising a $ 30.00 rebate that you have to bend over backwards in order to take advantage of.I have used Publisher for over five years and it is one of the easiest , user-friendly packages available for those wishing to put together great newsletters , calendars , and greeting cards . If you want to pay full price and forget the rebate and you are n't able to get to a local store to purchase , then this is a good alternative .
 I purchased Publisher 200 Deluxe a few weeks ago after using Printshop Pro Publisher for over a year . Publisher is a big improvment for me , especially because I am so familiar with Word and Excel , and it 's features are quite easy to use . I have already produced several documents , cards , newsletters etc , without any problems . I have not used Picture It that much , I prefer MGI Photosuite , which , in my opinion is superior.My only complaint was after installing , it would not print correctly . I called Microsoft and discovered that technical help was -LSB- expensive -RSB- a pop . I decided to reinstall it and that seems to have cured the problem -LRB- although this was time consuming -RRB- . I found inserting clip art or pictures is a breeze and selecting templates was also very easy.I recommend this software especially for beginners or those who are moderately familiar with desktop publishing . It is easy to use and everything I have produced has impressed . I especially recommend it to users of Printshop ; do yourselves a favor and upgrade to this , you wo n't regret it .
 The dozens of pre-defined templates mean quick and simple creation of new work while the thousands of unique fonts and clipart mean you can really get creative and complex when creating new cards , fliers , announcements , invitations , etc. . The level of detail and personal input is your choice . Being a Microsoft product , the interface is of course familiar and user-friendly . I use Publisher on a regular basis and feel that the end result is much better than what I can buy off-the-shelf and of course I can personalize the messages I put into my creations so they mean much more when I give them away than a Hallmark or other namebrand item .
 Finally , Picture It offers the features I have been waiting for in a photo package
 This is really a great program to make fun of your photos , to make on a easy way your own calendars . After a little self study , the program is very easy to work with , it has enough examples for greeting cards , calendars etc. . This program is inviting you automatically to do nice thing with your photos and make professional art works of them . Compliments to the people of Microsoft .
 Picure it ! is a wonderful program if you are serious about professionaly editing photos . I think that the reason some people dont like it is that they wanted something simple to ORGANIZE photos ... . that is NOT what you should use Picture It ! for . Download Picasa then people ! Picture It ! is like Adobe but MUCH BETTER ! faster , easier , and just as high quality . Give it a chance and learn how it works ... . you can make some AMAZING projects just like professionals with this program . But if you are looking for something simple to organize photos , you are foolish for thinking an extensive photo editing program such as Picture It ! would do that . Would you ` organize ' and do simple stuff with a premium Adobe Photoshop program ? No . So expect the same from Picture It ! .
 I purchased Picture It Photo Premium 2002 for my wife along with the Canon S110 for Christmas . She really enjoys each of these gifts , but is somewhat dissatisfied with the software performance . To be forthcoming , my wife 's computer has an Intel PII-700 processor and runs 128MB RAM . I know that this is no graphics work station , but considering that this is consumer grade software , I might have expected better results from it.On the plus side , this software does some excellent things , easily , like : - Prints proof sheets - Easily removes red eye - Helps you to setup your printer for special paperIn all , I think that this is great software , but would probably run much better on the new Pentium 4 machines .
 What I really appreciate in this SW is the ability it gives you to simply correct -LRB- in a one click way -RRB- , red eyes , dust , wrinckles , scratches ... If you know any as simple SW as this one
 This photo software is perfect for the booming family . With a quality printer and paper you can make all sorts of neat projects with the photos you take . No more paying top dollar to the Picture People . We can do it at home now !
 The Presenter-to-Go is definitely one of the coolest upgrades for your Visor . This compact system allows you to connect your Visor to a video projector without the need for a laptop . The presentation can come from one or more PowerPoint files , or from a combination of files from any programs on your PC that can print . In other words , one presentation could combine a Word document , spreadsheet , PDF file , and web page . The system includes a Springboard module that fits flush to the Visor , a small VGA cable to attach to the projector cable , and an AC adapter so that the unit is self-powered and does n't run down the Visor batteries . Your presentations can be stored in your Visor 's normal memory , in the module 's 2MB of memory , or both.Margi put a lot of thought into this product , and it shows . The system barely needs written instructions , but the instructions are very thorough and include lots of tips and tricks . Everything works the first time . You get a credit card-sized remote control , and an unusual little pouch in which to carry it and the Springboard module . The AC adapter is the smallest and lightest you 've ever seen . They even throw in a gender changer so that you can plug directly into the projector without using the projector cable . You can download updated software from their web site , including a little program that lets you mirror your Visor screen on the projector . That free update is virually a whole new product for freePerhaps it is sad commentary on the technology field that this would impress me , but this is quite simply a product that promises to do something very cool and then does exactly what it promises .
 Using your Handspring Visor to make a presentation is fairly simple with this module . The module ca n't do animated text , sounds or special effects -LRB- but that 's okay because they generally come over as pretty cheesy when overused -RRB- . The only other drawback was the inability to make changes to the slides contents without doing quite a bit of juggling . One really nice feature is the Mirror program that projects anything on your visor screen . So you could connect the module to a monitor and or projection unit and show others how to use different programs -LRB- a few wo n't show like Wordsmith 's true type - I hope this is fixed soon -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 All of our superintendents learned and adopted the program sooner than we had anticipated . It has been a great time saver and cost saver .
 After using Punch List for awhile , I got hooked ... this software really made my job easier ... It is a pleasant suprise to have a product do what it says it does
 Punch List has been the single biggest improvement in our never-ending questto provide 100 % customer satisfaction . The ability to track performance -LRB- orlack thereof -RRB- by subcontractors has allowed us to clearly see who is doingtheir job and who is slacking ! Our customer satisfaction level has increaseddramatically since we started using Punch List .
 We 've used the Living Trust Builder for 30 years now , and have exercised the Trust several times , without adverse incident!This is the ONLY way to avoid probate , with all its inherent disadvantages ~
 -LRB- ... -RRB- World Computer Chess Champion16 .02.2004 It 's the five-time World Computer Chess Champion . It comes with a huge database and opening book . It comes with dazzling new 3D boards . And it 's the subject of this week 's ChessBase Workshop . It 's Shredder 8 and you can read all about it in Steve Lopez ' latest column.SHREDDER 8previewed by Steve LopezPeople have been saying for years that the way to get a computer to play a strong chess game is to make it play `` more like a human '' . Of course , this implies that everyone is going to agree on what exactly constitutes `` playing like a human '' -LRB- yeah , like that 's ever going to be agreed upon -RRB- . Chess software programmers figured out a long time ago that `` brute force '' -LRB- getting a program to try to see everything out to x number of moves -RRB- just was n't going to cut it . So programmers began to build chess knowledge into their programs . State of the art chess programs today do n't evaluate as many positions as their predecessors did , but they certainly `` understand '' more within that limited range and are able to choose stronger moves.This is why programs like the phenominally popular Shredder are so successful against both humans and other computers . Shredder has won five major computer chess championships and has done exceedingly well in `` human vs. computer '' challenge matches . Does it play `` like a human '' ? I get asked this all the time . I think nearly all current chess programs play like a human to some extent . Perhaps a better question would be , `` How would you characterize Shredder 's play ? '' I often use Chess Tiger as a means of comparison , since the two programs ' styles of play are nearly completely antithetical to each other . I often compare Tiger to Mikhail Tal -- it sacrifices material -LRB- sometimes unsoundly -RRB- and likes to live on the tactical edge . I compare Shredder more to Tigran Petrosian ; Shredder will certainly bust out with some tactical fireworks when the situation requires it , but its overall style of play is pretty positional and rock-solid . When Shredder gets a good position -LRB- and it usually does just that -RRB- , it 's very hard to crack it.Shredder therefore surprises a lot of players , especially computer chess old-timers like myself who still remember the days when you could sometimes sucker a computer program into playing profoundly silly moves like bizarre pawn pushes . Those days are gone for the most part . Players who expect that kind of thing really get surprised by Shredder ; as I said earlier , I find Shredder 's play to be rock-solid and much more positional than most chess programs.It 's that combination of strength and positional acumen that makes Shredder so danged popular . Shredder fans will be excited to know that a new version , Shredder 8 , has just been released . As with previous versions , you can tweak the engine six ways to Sunday.I want to call your attention to two areas of this Engine Parameters display . First , note the pulldown menu near the bottom . This gives you five different `` preset '' styles of play for the engine to use . The default is `` Intelligent '' , but you can try any or all of these settings to see how they affect Shredder 's play.The toggle that really struck me is near the top of the display
 Why 4 stars instead of 5 ? Because as far as graphics go , the program does n't compete with Chessmaster with its abundance of chessboards and pieces options -LRB- admittedly , many of them are so outrageous and impractical that they are ultimately useless -RRB- . It does , however , have a few 3-D options that look somewhat minimalist but quite decent , with short , very distinct , and rather attractive pieces that never eclipse each other -LRB- especially when the board is angled to show much of the board in bird 's eye view -RRB- . I suspect that any serious player will be satisfied with this modest palette of graphical options , which offer a couple of 3-D boards and pieces that are perfectly readable or identifiable and permit easy playing -LRB- on a purely practical level -RRB- . As for the Windows interface -LRB- apparently borrowed from Fritz 8 -RRB- , it is in my perception simple and straightforward . All in all , this program was not designed to dazzle you with visual bells and whistles ; it was designed to impress the hell out of you with its artificial intelligence
 I have Deep Shredder 10 , which is for multi-processor systems or dual-core processors . As far as I can tell , it is as strong as Deep Fritz 10 , which defeated World Champion Kramnik in a six-game match recently -LRB- 2 wins , no losses -RRB- . The only problem I have had with Deep Shredder is that it crashes whenever I try to play the Exchange Variation of the Caro-Kann in analysis mode . After 1 . e4 c6 2 . d4 d5 3 . exd5 cxd5 , Shredder crashes . There 's a way around it
 While Fritz 11 is nice and has every bell and whistle , your system will take a serious performance hit while running it . Shredder on the other hand , is built on its ultra-fast and highly intelligent engine , which , year after year , also happens to be the best among all chess software . The graphical choices could be expanded , but Shredder lets you perform every function you 'll want when playing chess , from inputting a game , playing puzzles , playing directly online , being coached , annotation and making games public , and for bloggers , creating attractive screenshots or printing out entire games via your printer or sharing them via PGN files . If you 're a beginning player , Shredder offers both on-board visuals and a variety of interactive coaching tools to help you gain knowledge quickly . It makes a great introduction to the game.In every way , it 's all here in Shredder . Shredder is a good value , as future upgrades are deeply discounted .
 Probably the best computer engine playing other computer engines . Shredder has remarkably imaginative play . Some of the stuff it comes with is truly amazing . The reason for the four star rating is that you no longer have the option of either playing on a single processor or a dual or quad processor computer like you had with Shredder 8 . There is now a Deep Shredder 9 which I can only assume Steven Meyer-Kahlen , the creator of Shredder , wanted to make some more money -LRB- which I do n't mind , he 's earned it with the incredible engine he has created and he 's a very classy guy . I 've talked to him a few times via email and he is always generous in answering your questions -RRB- as his Fritz and Junior counterparts have Deep versions of their programs as well . I did n't get Shredder 9 on the CD . I downloaded a licensed version from the Shredder website which when you get it from the website you can download a monstrous opening book that Mr. Meyer-Kahlen provides for free if you want it along with the smaller book that initially comes with the program on CD or downloading the engine from the Shredder website . On top of that , I was a little disappointed with the margin of improvement that I saw with between Shredder 8 and 9 . Shredder 9 currently is the highest rated computer chess program but I think the newest version of Fritz 8 -LRB- the Champions edition via Chessbase or Deluxe Edition via Viva Media -RRB- is right there with it as far as playing strength goes and in head to head engine matches that I have tested them with they are pretty much even on the computer I use and maybe even a slight edge to Fritz -LRB- !! -RRB- The improvement from the original release of Fritz 8 to the latest version is a monstrous quantum leap . VERY VERY STRONG . I am not aware of an updated version of Deep Fritz 8 but imagine if there was that it would be quite a beast on a multi-processor . Shredder in the endgame is the best hands-down . Not because of the tablebases but it just plays endgames very well . The playing style of Shredder is very aggressive . I do n't have Junior and do n't plan on getting it as I have talked to people who have the program and say that it is a major disappointment with the newest version . Picking the latest versions of either Fritz or Shredder , you really can not go wrong and will be very pleased . I hope this helps .
 Amazon does n't have Shredder Classic 3 but I just bought it elsewhere and am so in love with the program , that I had to give them some props even though this is a different version of the program.Shredder Classic 3 is amazing ! The games are fun , the program is easy to figure out , it does n't have the bugs that Fritz did and it is challenging!Kudos to Shredder ! I actually want to play chess on my computer now . Something Fritz and Winboard never accomplished!Update 4/30/09
 I have the Mac version of Deep Shredder 11 . The engine is very strong but I would like to see more detailed documentation of its features and a stand alone database .
 I highly recommend this book to any quilter who has access to a computer . It 's loaded with excellent tutorials , clear illustrations , helpful advice , tips , and gorgeous quilts . This book has kick-started my creative juices , and I find I 'm referring to it over and over again . It 's an amazing reference . Heim and Hansen are quite a team !
 As a beginner quilter and novice computer user , I found this book to be well worth sitting up late last night , eagerly devouring the wisdom that Heim and Hansen have compiled . Using simple , concise directions and `` down to earth '' discussion , they have covered all of the topics that formerly cowed me into believing that I should 've lived 100 years ago ! Now I 'm eager to integrate my love of quilting with the new love of computers and the information superhighway ! The yellow pages of web addresses are especially useful to someone located in the wilds of Northern Maine . Often , internet access is my only contact with the outside world ! A simple comparision of the available software programs have helped me to narrow my search for the next acquisition - quilting software !
 Since I bought this book -LRB- just several days ago -RRB- I have learned more about my computer in general , quilting , drawing and paint programs , and what I want , what I need and where to find it all , oh yes , and how to use it all than in the 4 or so years I have had my computer . I highly recommend this book as a source for all quilters who own computers .
 I must commend Heim and Hansen for taking such a complex world as computers and reducing it to concepts the average quilter can easily understand and follow . It is also a nice feature that this book encompasses both the PC world and that of the Mac usuers . A goodly portion of the book is dedicated to walking the reader through the processes Gloria Hansen used to design her award winning quilts . This will inspire many who have been daunted by the process . The authors analyze many of the software programs available giving insight to their use in design as only seasoned quilters could . They also discuss so many aspects of printing , scanning and the internet with a wondeful section of Internet Yellow Pages chock full of exceptional web sights from quilters from traditional , through contemporary to art quilters .
 This is THE book to integrate the art of Quilting with the skill of the Computer . Judy and Gloria have brought the high tech words into the realm of the everyday person.Hats OFF for a job Well Done . !!!
 It 's the top aplication for webdevelopment -LRB- wich is what I do -RRB- . I specialy like the `` SourceSafe '' and `` FoxPro '' . But the InterDev is redundant .
 I ordered the wrong package and the seller was wonderful and understanding . I appreciate his honesty and would purchase from him in the future .
 I first learned about Marketing Plan Pro through a class I took that used Kotler 's `` Marketing Managment '' text where the software is mentioned . This software was so helpful in creating a marketing plan , I just ca n't imagine doing one without it . Great wizards , good sample plans , and the graphics it created for me were incredible.The plan looks great , my boss was blown away , and it is the easiest way for me to keep my marketing plan current and useful.I recommend it without hesitation .
 The Pro 6 version software is easy to use . Alongwith the accompanying FREE book on marketing plans , this package is an excellent resource for creating marketing plans quickly .
 I was referred to this product through a contact at the American Marketing Association . What a great piece of advice!This is impressive software from every perspective . I found it easy to use , the content is excellent throughout , and the sample marketing plans were amazing . Check out `` Interior Views '' for example . The other resources , including the associated book , were also valuable for me.My marketing plans looks great and I would not have been able to accomplish this task so efficiently without this software .
 The latest version of Marketing Plan Pro has everything you need to create a solid marketing plan , and now it has an impressive library of sample plans . I found a couple plans that were very helpful to me as I created mine.This sofware saved me hours and my marketing plan looks awesome !
 I recived the product faster , I 'm very happy with Amazon in this case.Thanks !!!
 I have been using Visual Age for Java for a while now -LRB- since version 1.0 -RRB- and have found it to be evolving very well.It currently supports all the major Java standards from Enterprise java beans to Java Server pages and all this within the most consistent user interface I have seen in this sort of environments . It integrates very nicely with other IBM tools like Websphere studio , without locking you in.The projects , packages , classes and interfaces are stored in a virtual workspace . This resides in a special file , which is the only drawback to the product -LRB- you can not access the files except from within VAJ unless you export them -RRB- , but that 's the price you pay for extensive search capabilities , versioning and integration.An excelent product overall .
 Visual Age -LRB- latest version is 3.5 -RRB- is a very productive Java environment , but prepared to change the way you work . It 's greatest strengths are
 I have tried several IDE 's for Java -LRB- J + + , VisualAge , Java Workshop , Forte ' -RRB- . I found VisualAge to be very friendly - AND - the apps ran as expected . I have a few quibbles . I 'm not too sure about the multiple window environments called browsers . There seems to be one for everything with only some differences between them . In addition , I 'd like to see it generate an HTML trial page to test run the app as there are differences in runtime output/interaction in a JSP page and the applet viewer . The online documentation search engine sucks . I had lots better luck over at Sun 's java site finding what I needed -LRB- thank you Sun -RRB- . Overall , though , I rate VisualAge as my primary Java app builder IDE - no question on that .
 Well I used Visual age for java 3.0 on my previous project ... and it was very nice ... It 's very easy to create EJBs . . JSPs and testing all those in this IDE it self . ... . and I read this book to find out all answers and possible soultions to problems I faced ... It 's a nice book and Nice IDE too ... I recommand it for all those who want to use or using J2EE . . Check it out and find how ease is to create J2EE applications .
 The Be operating system is fantastic ! It is fast and resilient to crashing . It has protected multitasking , unlike Windows . It has 64-bit file logging system , which is far superior to anything offered by the microsoft corporation . You can run multiple sound tracks and their respective movies all at the same time . It boots up in a matter of a few seconds , instead of the 60-90 seconds windows takes . . It even supports a DVORAK keyboard , which is , by the way a much better keyboard than QWERTY . I admit , it does look a lot like MacOS , but Jean-Louis Gasee -LRB- CEO -RRB- is an ex-mac engineer . It also does not have many games for it , but there is no shortage of shareware . The company employees are fun and helpful people . I can not praise this enough ! Abandon Windows ! Spit on a bust of W. H. Gates III ! Trumpet in a new era of speed and ease for your computer !
 I have the BeOS 5 Pro , and I can tell anyone who is unsure of this system that it rocks . I installed the free version on my friends computer just as a test , and it improved his response by at least 150 % ! IT took only 12 seconds to boot , compared to windows 98 at 97 seconds , and just learning where everything is was easy.To the guy who is talking bout the office suite , Gobe Productive has one for it that is jsut as good as MS Office . If I compare it to Staroffice for Linux , it is about the same . You can try that.If anyone is unsure about the BeOS , go to the BE website at www.be.com , and download the free version . I got hooked that night . It will not hurt any windows settings . . I installed the free version at work on an NT machine , and it is great . And for all you computer guys , BeOS reads NTFS , and you can get a free driver to write to it also , and it requires not admin rights . IT is awesome !
 BeOS operating system is great . Fastest thing on the planet but to replce win98 it needs a MS Office like . It comes with Gobe Productive but does not state the version which is critical as MS Word documents are recognized by vs 2 and not 1.1
 Traktor 3.0 is the most complete DJ software in the market . Do what Dj do with analog equipment and even more . Very easy to configure with midi and audio interfaces . Features 4 turntables , digital effects , itunes import compatibility . It plays MP3s as well as straight WAV files from CD . Feature also 4 four different mixers emulations like Allen & Heath Xone , Ecler Nuo , etc. . . I 'm in heaven . I finally abandoned my records and CDs as well as turntables and CD players . The looping features are just amazing . You can jump betweem loops and remixing on the fly with traktor comes alive , even better than traditional DJ equipment . You can create plenty of markers in the song , etc. . If you are thinking to go digital get traktor and avoid scratch boxes like Final Scratch and Serato Live very hard to setup . I use traktor with an audio interface -LRB- M-Audio Firewire 410 -RRB- and analog mixer and it rocks . It works really smooth . If you want to scratch there are midi interfaces that sell for $ 300 . And there more interface to come in the near feature . Also if you are a scratching DJ you can still use a turntable or CD player just for scratching.Traktor seems to be the only future for Digital DJing .
 At first I thought wow ! This sounds great ! Being able to play a Veggie Tale computer game without eating up Internet hours would be a dream come true ! But this is one of those products that teeter between a final rating of four stars or five stars and here 's why.It deserves a five star rating for the fact of it 's all around quality and excellent visuals . Exhibiting detailed images that are outstanding and cute set-ups with good animation . Right from the start it will have you believing that you 're about to watch another Veggie Tales video . Only here it 's totally interactive and the player has to help Junior Asparagus earn his Cub-Sprout Badges and find Mr. Nezzer 's lost treasure . Plus find the silly songs by clicking on certain objects throughout the game , sometimes even twice to find an extra hidden surprise of silliness . And if you read the Cub-Sprout handbook you 'll find more tidbits of humor . The nifty activities and puzzles deal with memory and mostly eye to mouse -LRB- or on screen cursor -RRB- coordination . The Mysteries of Veggie Island keeps up with the Veggie reputation for positive , educational values in entertainment . Making it a wonderful game for your young ` Cub-Sprouts ' to become familiar with the use of computers . And to top off the reason for a five star merit badge , is Big Idea 's addition of a ` virtual egg timer ' giving parents the option of directly monitoring the amount of time spent in game play.Now for other side , what prevents a five star rating and warrants a four star instead . It 's definitely a game tailored for the younger audience and is only mildly entertaining for grown-ups to some degree . The ten Silly Campfire Songs with Larry are adaptations of popular/familiar songs and might seem like something not to be missed , but do n't get too excited . They 're nothing like Larry 's songs from the videos . Yes , they are funny but also extremely short and max out at around 30 seconds each . Plus it does n't help when you can play the game over again , EXACTLY the same way as before . The games and puzzles have the right complexity and length for kids , but it 's just all too easy for us ` big kids ' . For something new , The Mysteries of Veggie Island is an excellent choice for children , and for new beginnings from Big Idea , it shows great promise of what could come .
 This was so fun for my kids ages 6 and 11 ! Super high-quality graphics as you would expect from Veggie Tales and it is interactive and FUNNN ! Good family-values , beautiful 3D graphics and the games are entertaining and fun . Ca n't wait for next release . This has many , many hours of gameplay . Great for kids 4-11 . Try it !
 This set of games is simply sweet , and loads of fun for the kids . Very clever theme and heart-felt lessons interspersed throughout the games . I am telling you , you can feel the love that went into developing this game !
 My 5 year old recieved this game for her birthday , and it is by far one of the most visually impressive games I 've ever seen . The detail is amazing and there is tons of play potential .
 My 5 year old son loved this games so much he could n't stop playing it . It only took him 2 days to finish it though so it is short . But it has n't stopped him from playing it again and again . The adventure is great as I 've played it with him . You have to put some thought into finding things and where to go next . Excellent graphics as well .
 The wide variety of activities means there is always something new and different - and the printable activities -LRB- the mazes and books mean you can take the activites with you - COOL -RRB- . Some activites are harder than others , but the hard ones give a challenge while the easier ones give some confidence building - and my little one rests a while in an easy activity and then gets back to the harder ones . He 's learning to recognize letters and he 's already good at HEARING the rhymes even though he ca n't read them yet.Previous reviewers said the game is confusing - yes it does take some figuring out , but I think it is more confusing to us goal oriented adults . We want to know how to win the points and earn the prize . My son -LRB- age 2 -RRB- just enjoys the PROCESS of playing - he does n't really care if he collects enough letters to make a word - but that will come later . For now he 's learning learning learning and when all that repitition makes collecting words easy THEN he 'll figure out what to do with the word book.The reviewer that suggested you learn how to play first and then guide your child was absolutely right . And that goes for ANY software at this age.P.S . for all you goal oriented adults
 I bought this software when my daughter was 3 . She does n't love it and never asks for it , but if I put it in , the games hold her interest . I do n't think she understands the overall scheme of making a `` word-book , '' and she ca n't do everything the games will let her do . However , after a few frustrating times playing the spelling game , I was surprised that she could construct the pictures using the shapes provided and put the letters in their places to spell the words . From just this game she learned how to drag and drop with the mouse . And something clicked in her mind about reading . I saw a direct transfer of her putting letters in already-made places to her trying to make words with magnets on the refrigerator and learning to read words on paper . I think she also got a better idea from this game about how to guess a word based on the clue of the picture . All the words from the game quickly became sight words for her . My daughter 's not 4 yet , but can sound out words and knows words by sight because of games like this .
 My 21/2 year-old son enjoys this game . He gets a little bored with the intro . because he 's anxious to begin playing , but loves the game . I was surprised at how well he did . Do n't be afraid to let one this young play with the mouse and try to do it on his/her own . Just be ready to provide help as they need it.This game offers different activities like simple puzzle piecing with the Felt Friends , letter recognition with Mail Box , letter sounds with Mr. Salt & Mrs. Pepper , rhyming with Slippery Soap , and more . I like the variety , because there are activities that my son can already enjoy and then others that he can enjoy as his skills improve.The storybook part of the game was a little confusing at first . But once you realize that certain color words go on certain color pages , it 's easy to understand . However , this part of the game is a little more advanced in the learning stage for kids.I do recommend this game . I only wish it had a painting section for my child . I realize that there is separate game for art time activites , but it would be nice if it had a painting section , along with these activities .
 There are 2 CD 's for half the price of one . The 123 games are challenging , fun and educational . I highly recoomed these CDs for ages 4 - 6 .
 This was one of my daughter 's first Blue 's Clues software games . The game can be a bit confusing at first . So it should be played first by an adult to get the feel for game and instruction style . Once I did that , I then played it with my daughter a few times . Now she can play it by herself and loves it ! We enjoyed it so much we 've purchased all the Blue 's Clues software games .
 My son who is 3 yrs old loves this game . He has improved his letter comprehension . He spends quite a bit of time playing this game ... he loves finding the `` Blues Clues '' . I highly recommend this game .
 This game has many activities that are great for learning letters , phonics , rhyming , and more . It has been one of my son 's favorites since he was 2-1/2 , and now he 's 4 and still loves it . As he gets older and understands more he gets different things out of it , both with regard to education and entertainment . And I like how it works , because you can skip through animations and load times are quick as you move from one activity to another -LRB- unlike many other preschool games out there -RRB- . And you can save games to pick up where you left off .
 We have a Blue 's Room -LRB- okay -RRB- and Blue 's Kindergarten -LRB- very good -RRB- , but this one is the best so far . It is absolutely chock full of fun learning games that keep my 31/2 year-old happy and interested . It has so many more games than the others , and the difficulty level increases so slightly each time that she barely notices that it 's a tiny bit harder . As in all of the children 's software titles we have -LRB- Blue 's Clues , Dora , Reader Rabbit -RRB- you do n't get mouse control to bypass the intro ... so you have to see it every time . Small price to pay for this wonderful product !
 This game is awesome ! It is terrifia even for a 12 year old ! I love this game ! I love the makers too !
 These ` Steve ' Blue 's Clues games are just great ... My son is 3 and still loves them all .
 My kids -LRB- 9 and 11 -RRB- loved this game and did n't want to play anything else until they solved the `` puzzle . '' I appreciate having games that I do n't have to worry about , and I know I can trust Adventures in Odyssey for that . There is nothing questionable - no violence , etc ; instead , there are great moral lessons . There is enough action in it for the kids , and I like that they have to actually use their brains to figure it out . We liked it enough to purchase another of the Adventures in Odyssey games , Sword of the Spirit .
 I found Server Magic 3.0 to be very helpful when I had to reconfigure some drives and partitions on an NT server . I must disagree with the software user from Phoenix who said you can only copy partitions to free space on the same drive . That is simply not true . I have copied many partitions between different drives , and different interfaces . I 've even juggled partitions around on a RAID array . Also , where else , but to free space , would you copy a partition ? The copy is an exact duplicate of the source partition . So , the target area must be of equal or greater size . You have to tell Server Magic to delete a partition if you want to get rid of an old partition to create that free space . Server Magic queues up all the reconfiguration selections and runs them like a batch script . You can take advantage of this and write your own scripts to automate the process for unattended operation so you do n't need to use the GUI . You do need to boot your system in DOS for that , but with some creative scripts , there are many possibilities . One thing to watch out for , but not a fault of Server Magic at all , is the 8GB limit on RAID arrays . Neither Server Magic , nor any DOS program will see anything above 8GB . That problem lies in how the RAID array presents the logical drive to DOS , which is where Server Magic runs from . Many RAID controllers do not have drivers for DOS because of the inherent limitations of DOS . Again , this is not a fault of Server Magic . Check with the manufacturer of your RAID controller for DOS drivers . The price seems a little high , but it does support FAT , FAT32 , HPFS , NTFS , and Novell Netware file systems . This product is not meant to do disk cloning , or backup to removable media -LRB- CD-R , CD-RW -RRB- or over a network . That 's a different product purchased seprately
 Server magic can change partitons , move data , all in simple steps . Easy to use . A real time saver . No Novell shop should be without this software .
 I love this program for kids but you ca n't find the drivers to update for windows 7 . I hate windows 7 .
 After reviewing other similar products , this is the best value for the price , and a wonderful program.I did find the program a challenge to learn and as a result was initially dissappointed . However as I became more familiar with it , I have been very pleased . I used Redshift to assist me in teaching a astromony unit for a couple 6 grade classes . It had the flexibility to allow me control the complexity of what was viewed so that I could easily help the students grasp difficult concepts.Big suggestion for the Redshift people - The program does n't allow the viewer to export views , so they can be used in other programs . I needed to use certain views of astronomical objects in another program -LRB- Powerpoint -RRB- and the only way to generate them was rather cumbersome . This should be an option through the Redshift program.In summary , after a short learning curve , a very good program and value .
 RedShift 4 is the fourth version of our highly successful product , which has now sold over 750,000 copies and won over 25 international multimedia awards . RedShift 4 is the definitive desktop planetarium that brings the exploration of the universe to your computer and has been designed so that anyone interested in astronomy will find something of value in the product . RedShift 4 contains many databases covering 20 million stars -LRB- from the Tycho-2 , 4M and Hubble Guide Star Catalog -RRB- , over 70,000 galaxies , 15,000 asteroids and 1,700 comets . RedShift4 main mode of operation is a planetarium mode that allows you to view the night sky from anywhere in the solar system over a 15,000 year period . Alongside this are a range of multimedia features , such as an exstensive photo gallery and narrated lectures , to enhance your knowledge and understanding of astronomy . A final unique feature in our latest version of RedShift is the use of mulitple windows allowing you to view an event simultaneously from several different locations . RedShift 4 is the best version yet of our product and represents outstanding value of money .
 A biased review from a non-astronomer ! There is almost too much here and I am sure that I will still be discovering more amazing things that this amazing package is capable of for years to come . Well worth running the turorials and even better try and get hold of some example workspaces - then the real worth of multiple ` windows ' becomes clear.The review by Chris Lawton sets the seen and covers what is there but can only give a hint of the joys in store.As a non Astronomer Red Shift offers a fascinating insight , a wealth of information and a rich , enjoyable educational experience . having seen the package used by amateur and professional astronomers I know that there is even more for me to discover.Worth ever penny -LRB- or even dollar -RRB-
 Although this software might take a little time to learn . It 's well worth the wait . Great star maps and excellent images of the solar system , although not much for deep space .
 I saw a preview for this game for kids . It has all the same beautiful quality graphics -LRB- like Toy Story quality ! -RRB- as the DVD and videos . It has interactive games to play all with a positive message . It has a time-out feature so parents can let children play for a certain amount of time . Best of all it is FUN !! Very high quality !!
 We do n't buy many games , but this one 's a keeper . It has the same great look as the Veggie Tales videos and , just as important , the same hilarious voices . Though it tells the story of Jonah , this is not really an educational or instructional video
 In this game , you can throw messages from God into tents and break pots and hit screeching cats -LRB- off screen -RRB- to boot . You can shoot athletic equipment at whales , skid camels down hills , bounce a prophetic asparagus up a building to stop people from slapping each other with fish , and shoot yelling vegetables into the sea . My nephew -LRB- and my mother and myself -RRB- enjoy sending the Veggies off the screen in the plank walking game best . This is the best game to leave a child alone with because it has large colored arrows that help a pre-reading child to navigate the game to find the part that he likes . I highly recommend this game .
 Great game . My boys have so much fun . They laugh and laugh over this . And sometimes they just watch the story . They have learned so much of the Bible thru Veggie Tales . My kids are 3 & 5 and they have no problem playing this one .
 From a great movie to a great video game with clips from the movie . It 's fun for all players !
 Wow ! What a fantastic resource ! For anyone who 's ever been captured by Anne Frank 's words or moved by a visit to the Anne Frank Huis in Amsterdam , or for anyone interested in getting a personal insight into the lives of people living through the Second World War , this is the resource for you.The CD is very easy to use , and as soon as you begin , you are immediately transported to the street in front of 263 Prinsengracht , the offices of Opekta behind which stands the Achterhuis in which the Franks , the Van Pels ' and Dr Pfeffer hid for two years . A twist of the mouse and you can look around , up , down , across the canal and click on a myriad of items to get an impression of the place , both then and now . The virtual reality is enhanced by subtle sound effects , including the occasional chiming of the Westertoren bells , about which Anne wrote.Mouse clicks lead you through every room of the house , and you can examine the rooms and many of their artefacts in detail . You can even go into Otto Frank 's office and switch on the radio!Right clicks or keystrokes reveal detailed information timelines , extracts from the diary , photographs , video sequences , interviews and even moving film -LRB- in both senses -RRB- of Anne herself.The CD can run a little roughly on slower machines , and I found it very useful to know my way around the building from a recent visit to know which doors to open , but this is an outstanding example of a technology attaining its educational potential.Very highly recommended !
 This is an excellent program ! I recieved it as an early birthday present . Since I learned about Anne Frank and the holocaust , I have always wanted to visit the secret annex where the Franks , Van Pels , and Mr. Pfefer hid for two years before they were captured and sent to various concentration camps by the Nazis . This program is the next best thing to actually visting the Anne Frank house . -LRB- Het Achterhuis as the Dutch call it . -RRB- It makes it seem like you are actually there . You can tour Prisengracht , the street where the annex is located , Anne 's father 's office building and the secret annex itself . You can learn about the people in hiding , the helpers , and possible suspects of people who betrayed them . There is a glossary of many terms used in the holocaust . -LRB- i.e. aryan , concentration camp , Nazis -RRB- There are MANY different videos and excerpts from the diary and the software even comes with a better revised version of it for FREE . I would definetly reccomend this to anyone who is interested in learning more about the Holocaust , or Anne Frank .
 This CD is wonderful , ever since I was 13 -LRB- a long time ago -RRB- when I first read Anne 's diary I have tried to picture the house from the floor plan . I could never quit get it clear in my mind . Now I know why , the floor plan does not show the bottom floor or the attic in the hiding place . And of course I have wished that I could travel to Holland and see it . Now it 's almost as if I have . It is a very complicated house , and when I finally found the book case , I was just overcome with emotion . There it is , just the way she described it . When I clicked on it and it opened , I entered into Anne 's world . The only thing the CD does n't do that I wished that it did , is to let you go look out the window in the attic and see the Clock . But that is a minor detail , it is just like being there , birds singing , footsteps as you look around . Just wonderful !!!!
 Watching the snippet -- all too short -- of a young Anne Frank peering from a window literally took my breath ! What a literary and historic treasure this CD brings to its users ! The tour of the house is easily accomplished , the historic photos , timelines and footnotes are informative and simple to access.If you have any interest in WWII or Anne Frank herself , this is an invaluable resource , easily worth its purchase price ! Do n't hesitate -- get it now !
 Great CD , packed full of pictures and info . The 3d environment makes it seem like you 're there -LRB- well almost -RRB- . I was looking on the web for some info on Anne Frank and found it really lacking in substance , this CD definitely is not ! I wish they had this when I was a kid reading the diary in English class . Oh well , you really appreciate the diary and its substance more when you 're older anyway . If you are remotely interested in this subject , this CD is a must have . You will really be amazed at the depth of the information provided .
 We spent 2 months living in Holland last year and our favorite place to visit was the Anne Frank House . The story of Anne 's family in hiding is one that frightens and intrigues everyone who reads it . Visiting the actual house makes it all seem so very real and close to home . The next best thing to actually going there is to tour the house with this great new software . We bought this so that our kids could relive the experience back at home but I could also see it used as a wonderful teaching tool in the classroom . We all love playing with it . The software ca n't replace the diary itself for story , but it does add another dimension that is fun and educational . If you love the story , do n't miss it !
 This is an excellent program ! I can not sing it 's praises enough . I 've wanted to get a copy of it for a while , but the price threw me . However , I finally broke down and got it . I 've studied Anne Frank and her diary for years and always wanted to visit the annex where she hid . Unfortunately , that will likely never happen , but this CD-ROM is the next best thing , because it makes it seem like you are actually there . Starting out front , you can tour the entire Prisengracht office building as it appeared in Anne 's time . You can also learn about the people in hiding , the helpers , and possible suspects of people who betrayed them . There is a glossary of many terms used in the holocaust . -LRB- i.e. aryan , concentration camp , Nazis , etc. -RRB- There are MANY different videos and excerpts from the diary . You get to see Miep 's real ID from those days , the real checkerboard diary , the pictures on the wall of Anne 's room , examples of thins that they read during the day when they had go keep quiet , and many other historical artifacts . The software even comes with a free copy of the Diffinitive Edition of the diary whick contains a third more text than the first one published back in 1952 . I would definetly recommend this to anyone who is interested in learning more about the Holocaust , and Anne Frank . My only gripe ? Where is this `` only home video footage of the real Anne Frank '' that they promise ? I have yet to find it . I would think that this would be on the main menue or linked to from her bio . Anyway , all and all it 's an essential companion to The Diary of Anne Frank .
 Anne Frank House
 This cd is a very helpful resource for students and teachers -LRB- social studies/English -RRB- It helped me . . Pictures are amazing and so coool .
 MindManager is one of the most useful software tools that I have . I use it constantly . It is very intuitive to use . It has a property that I really love about some software ; if I 'm not sure how to do a certain thing , I do what seems like it should work and most of the time it does . It 's very friendly and obvious despite its sophistication . It 's the kind of software that you can open up and just get to work with easily , but it also has a lot of depth and functionality to explore . I 've been using MindManager for about seven years , including the various flavors of Microsoft Office integration and I have always been pleased with every new version of the software . You can output maps to many formats for sharing , collaborate on mind maps , and there 's a really beautiful presentation mode that animates map navigation in an intelligent way for reviewing the information with others . The new version 7 has many improvements and enhancements over version 6 , which I also loved . The implementation of the Microsoft Office styled ribbon tool bar is really well done , and the enhancements to mind map navigation and viewing are very helpful . I can very highly recommend this tool to anyone that needs to organize their thinking and planning .
 i had recently shifted my career from Project to Product management and innovation . I was exposed to this package earlier in 2004 during a project . It 's a way of life . Some people especially hard core techies do n't like it when I use this tool all the time . I have used this package IN PLANNING , thinking about life , new baby needs , weddings ... u name it . I really do n't use MS Word anymore . I draft everything in mind manger and then send it to any application.This tool is far better than taking minutes of meeting on a stale word document . This really gets people moving and talking real value added content instead of just blab .
 I 've been using MindManager for more than 5 years to organize projects , information and lessons . In the business world it handled pretty much everything I ever threw at it . In the world of education it lacks an important feature
 I like MindManager , and use it regularly . However , when I had a severe problem after a powerloss , it took them almosts a week to email me back -LRB- there are NO phone numbers for help on the website -RRB- and even then , all they sent me was a pro forma message suggesting I reinstall -- nothing at all about the problem or the error message I was getting from their program . So buy it , but be careful if you want any support -- they clearly do n't want to support their users .
 Unlike some of the other reviewers , I am very new to MindManager and to mind mapping in general . Yet , MindManager is quickly becoming one of my most valued tools . I am a freelance Web designer and developer and I have to juggle with a lot of information . I also need to brainstorm and generate ideas quickly to solve my clients ' business problems.MindManager is helping me organize and manage my projects in a more efficient mannner than I ever could before . I have tried a lot of mind mapping applications before deciding on MindManager and some of the reasons I chose it are that , the data you add to your maps in MindManager is meaningful . Icons have meaning beyond the mere visuals , notes enhance and enrich the core ideas and task data help keep to your real world schedule . But even beyond that , this data can be exported out of MindManager in several other useful formats with all this important information or metadata intact.You would be surprised at how many mapping applications tout MS Office integration for example when the only thing they can export to a Word document is an image of the map embedded in the document and nothing more . MindManager goes way beyond that and exports the data with styles , icons and images in an outline format . Some of my clients would find it strange for me to give them a mind map as a project planning deliverable but I 've had compliments on the quality of projects outlines I have simply exported to Word directly from MindManager.In short , MindManager was a very sound investment for my creative business and I would recomment it to anyone with similar needs .
 Mind Manager 7 has probably received most comments for its introduction of the Microsoft Ribbon . Whilst a great feature the more significant and valuable new features centre around how you can work with topics and filters . New editing features give new ways of selecting and editing topics and it 's now possible to break a topic into several sub-topics . More powerful yet is the ability to save filtered views as queries for recall later . Working with a given map over time , creating updates or identifying new task or priorites , just became easier and more powerful .
 My 2 year old son really enjoyed playing this game , but he was a little young for it still . He LOVES Veggie Tales and so that really helped him still enjoy the game . I definitely think if we pull it back out in a year or two it will be perfect.But other than the age problem , I think it was a good game . Cute and creative like all of the Veggie Tales products .
 I have 4 kids . All of my kids enjoy playing it especially my 5 yr . old . I agree that I wish it was more biblical based , but at least it 's not rugrats , or something and Veggie Tales has better morals than that .
 I love anything veggie tales I have a veggie tales club with lots of members I hope they never stop producing veggie tales products
 This is a great starting place for anyone that is wondering , `` how the heck do I get started in programming ? '' Sure , the VTM is about creating XNA games , but that 's only part of it . Through the course of learning , you 'll find yourself going over the basics of the C# language and having it presented in a way that anyone can learn it from . What 's great is that you 're also going to get challenges as you go along that not only test your understanding of topics but also to help you start thinking about how to apply those topics to problems.Already know C# ? That 's not a problem either . All of the videos are clearly labeled and broken into distinct videos that can be watched or skipped as you see fit.While these videos cover XNA , XNA is really only used as a method of implementation . These videos will teach you the fundamentals of programming , the fundamentals of game designs and implementation , and it will teach you how to leverage XNA to make your games come to life.This is a fabulous product ! Let 's also not forget that there is a great community of people that have taken this course at 3D Buzz that you can ask your questions to so you wo n't be left out dry if and when you have some further questions or may need a little more help .
 I am a purchaser of the XNA Xtreme 101 training material who has worked through all of the Volume 1 DVD set including the knowledge reviews and game projects . I am extremely pleased with the DVD and I have learned a great deal about the fundamentals of computer programming . The lectures go into amazing detail about general programming concepts , . NET infrastructure , the C# language and game design . Jason Busby and his team have spent a great deal of time preparing their teaching lessons before recording them . They are incredibly organized and easy to follow.I love the fact that the videos have a well-defined structure to them while still remaining unscripted and engaging . The organized structure of the videos makes them easy to review at a later date for reference on a particular topic.Here is a generalized outline of the structure of an XNA Xtreme video lecture :1 -RRB- Introduce the main topic and outline which concepts the video will cover2 -RRB- Clearly define the main topic on the whiteboard -LRB- i.e. a virtual `` chalkboard '' -RRB- 3 -RRB- Illustrate the C# syntax on the whiteboard4 -RRB- Demonstrate the syntax in Visual Studio IDE5 -RRB- Clearly explain the important concepts -LRB- which further drive home the point of the main topic -RRB- on the whiteboard - along with examples and memory diagrams . Illustrating what is going on in memory is * awesome * and really helps my understanding ! 6 -RRB- Implement the examples in the Visual Studio IDE and expand on the examples - sometimes `` on the fly `` 7 -RRB- Recap and review what you covered in the lecture before ending the videoI 'm convinced that 3D Buzz taken online teaching further than anyone else on the planet , and the fact that the lectures are in video format means that students can review them again and again -LRB- as opposed to a traditional classroom where one only has written notes as a take-home deliverable -RRB- . Not only are the lectures solid , but Mr. Busby also provides mind-bending challenges for the students to work out on their own -LRB- termed as `` Knowledge Reviews '' in the videos -RRB- , and then presents the * complete solution * to the homework assignments in video format.The topics covered in Volume I include an introduction to programming concepts , variables , expressions , comments , If statements , Switch statements , referencing data types , variable scope , variable casting , enumerations , Do loops , While loops , For loops , general programming terms , a breakdown of . NET core architecture , an overview of the Microsoft Visual Studio IDE , several complete game projects and five Knowledge Reviews to test your comprehension of the lecture material.Due to the fact that Jason Busby explains programming fundamentals and Computer Science concepts so thoroughly , this instructional training can be applied to learning other computer languages in addition to C# . I , along with several other students , have had the privilege of working through the Volume II set before release . These new lectures cover the concepts of Objected Oriented programming and design with unbelievable detail -LRB- including an amazingly in-depth lecture on Inheritance that is rich with examples to drive home the concept -RRB- . After working through both Volumes I & II , I 've even found the C++ language to be a snap to pick up and use . It just goes to show that once you understand core programming concepts , you can apply them to other languages and add even more tools to your belt .
 Simply put , this is the best training around . I am a self taught programmer and I thought I knew what I was doing . Boy was I wrong . This is by far the best training I have ever had , no programming book even comes close to the depth that Buzz goes into . I am only halfway through the training and every day Buzz shows me just how much I didnt know . Buy this , its worth every penny and cost about as much as one of those no good books .
 I have wanted to make my own game since I was 8 and first played the Colecovision my parents bought me . In the past I have tried to teach myself programming from various books , but really never could grasp how to apply the knowledge.I am currently working through XNA Volume 2 by 3DBuzz and I am happy to report that I have a working knowledge of the concepts and methodology and am well on my way to designing my very own game for the first time.I truly never thought I could learn to program , but the video format and the extremely thorough way that the material is presented makes it easy for any beginner . You truly need no prior knowledge . If you watch every video from beginning to end , you will eventually understand it . And if you do n't , you 've got the videos !! Replay it until it sinks in.If you have ever wanted to make your own game and play it in Windows or on Xbox360 , you will NOT regret this purchase.Thank you 3DBuzz for helping me to achieve my dreams . = -RRB-
 I 'm an aspiring game designer and student who has been looking to get into C-language programming for some time now . I decided to go with 3D Buzz 's XNA series after seeing how great their UnrealEd tutorials are . These guys are great instructors and make learning any topic both fun and interesting.I 'm about half way though Volume I and I can already say that this was a well spent $ 55 . The instructors jump right into programming a text-only adventure game for the PC while taking great care in making sure that beginners have real-world examples , analogies , and explanation to complement the C# coding sections . I went into this series being terrified of programming and code and after about 10 hours , I 'm pretty confident with how the language works and how to navigate the realms of Visual Studio.With that said , I highly recommend this series for anyone looking to get into programming - especially for game development purposes .
 A very nice introduction to C# and XNA programming . A well thought out tutorial that teaches through example and lecture . I recommend a wide screen monitor -LRB- or dual -RRB- so that you can view the videos and the Visual Studio IDE at the same time . This DVD is not a movie , but more a collection of podcasts that must be played on a computer . You can view samples at their website .
 If you 're heading for Europe , have a laptop/notebook with a GPS antenna and a car lighter power adapter -LRB- or an extra duty battery -RRB- this is really a very helpful navigation system . It 's in English , for one thing , but does a pretty good job of finding places and names in either the native spelling or the anglicized version . And it does an amazing job of getting you through even the densest European towns . We were in Avignon , for example , on a maze of streets one car wide , lots of one-ways , cul-de-sacs , etc. , and it got us to our hotel and various restaurants and museums with ease . On the other hand , it does n't refresh or re-route well -LRB- you have to be continually hitting F3 -RRB- and there were some hotels that it probably should have had in the POI 's but did n't . Also , if you 're using Vista , I do n't think they 've quite retrofitted it properly yet . It works , but there are definitely some Vista-related glitches . Nothing insurmountable , and probably soon fixable with an update , but a bit of a pain . Nevertheless , not many rental cars over there have a nav system , so this is a great alternative
 This program was a life saver on our trip to Holland . We hooked it up with our GPS and it worked perfect . I would recommend it highly .
 I used streets and trips for a few years on a now 6 year old IBM T42 and Dell Studio 15 . I travelled the SW and NE US and Maritime Canada on 3000 mile vacations and never had a problem . I moved to Europe -LRB- CH -RRB- last year and bought the autoroute maps as a backup to the Navi in my car . We do n't even turn the Navi on , because Autoroute with the old S&T GPS receiver is the best tool for planning and on the fly trip modeling . We 've been through Belgium , the eastern half of France , western half of NL , southern Ireland , all of Germany south of Nuremburg , all of Italy north of Rome and half of Switzerland and have found very few map errors , most were due to recent construction to change roads . It takes a minimum of navigational skill -LRB- my 11 year old guided us for 2000 Km around Germany for a week -RRB- and did n't make any mistakes . If you can drive a car you can use this product .
 I upgraded to the 2007 edition of AutoRoute to see maps in countries not included in an earlier version of the software that I had . Specifically , I was interested in maps of Hungary and Greece . Though these countries are now included , the detail is largely limited to Budapest and Athens , with not much in the rest of the country . That was a disappointment.About the software itself , I am a real fan . I have AutoRoute and also the US version -LRB- Microsoft Streets and Trips -RRB- and I use both to create small maps of cities to download to my PocketPC . When I travel , I have all my maps with me with all the important locations marked with pushpins . I would n't travel without them !
 We just finished a two-week visit to Europe that included over 3300 km of driving in a rental car . I do n't think we would have gotten out of Amsterdam without AutoRoute Europe . All told , we traveled from Amsterdam to Dusseldorf , Cologne , Strasbourg , Geneva , Burgundy , Saarlouis , Luxembourg , Trier , -LRB- then back to Dusseldorf and the Rhine valley to Rudesheim am Rhine , and back to Amsterdam to fly out -RRB- . The maps were 100 % correct and provided plenty of detail to work . Connection to , and operation of my GlobalSat USB GPS pod was easy and flawless.The software was easy to learn . -LRB- I did n't break the shrinkwrap until the night we arrived , and was able to navigate the next morning -RRB- . No problems working with XP Pro on my Dell X1 laptop.There were hotels and sights that I would n't have been able to find without it . In addition , it was indispensible in the narrow and convoluted roads of some of the old city centrums . Highly recommended .
 I 'm planning a motorcylce trip in Italy this summer and the program gives me all the info I need on routes and sites of intertest along the way . Overall a great product .
 With GPS it got me around some fairly remote areas in France -LRB- Midi - Pyrenees -RRB- . Have n't used it elsewhere . Glad I bought it .
 I have been using AutoRoute for 6 + years and find it to be a great program for finding hotels and directions in Europe . Each year the countries covered expands , just wish it was faster into Russia . I find it a invaluable when I am driving in countries where I have a limited knowledge of the language . The GPS and verbal directions are a great help .
 I bought this product prior to a European trip which took us around Switzerland for a week , 9 days down the Rhine and a week in Amsterdam . I did not drive but used this software , in conjunction with the USB GPS , to track our movements , annotate memorable spots , remember where pics were taken and find addresses in all cities we visited ... It was invaluable because there was no language barrier , no confusion on place names and is vailable 24/7 . We are currently using the software to help plan our next trip to Italy ...
 In most ways , this software exceeded my expectations . It worked right out of the box with my cables , GPS -LRB- Garmin GPSmap60CSx -RRB- and laptop . I was really happy to find that its map coverage included the US , albeit without much detail , but enough detail to see that the system was working . This is much better than showing up abroad and then finding that you left some critical component at home.Setting up a route was easy and intuitive although I did need the manual to figure out how to do a few things , like forcing the route from the one automatically designed by the program to one that I wanted . Setting route preferences was good but not always good enough when I wanted to follow some quirky route . But it is easy to change the route.I was traveling on mostly B and C roads in England so being able to set a route and then get voice instructions was wonderfully helpful . My wife was with me but she is not good at map reading , to put it mildly , and anyway gets sick if she tries to read anything , including a map , while riding . So the laptop occupied the passenger 's seat while she sat behind it.The combination of the moving map display AND the voice directions was key . My main problem with Autoroute was that sometimes the spoken instructions were either ambiguous or , as far as I could tell , wrong . For example , an instruction , `` In 0.1 miles , go straight , '' might actually refer to a turn . As best I could tell , what the program meant was that I should stay on the main road even though there was a turn or curve . But it did not seem entirely consistent in this regard . Thus , I became accustomed to checking the map to confirm just what the road was doing.On a positive note , the program tells you which exit to take at a roundabout . I did not expect this but it was greatly appreciated ... and most of the time ... almost all of the time ... it was right . It did not do well at double roundabouts.I loved that fact that you can record your track , complete with missed turns ! In ten days of use , I think the program crashed once , maybe ... could have been operator error . I was impressed with the fact that it had the most minor of roads , quite a feat considering the one-lane roads that crisscross the English landscape . Only once was it `` off '' ... for a couple of miles of brand new road that was not in the database.I recommend the program with enthusiasm , especially for the price . One of the best values I have experienced .
 Recently we are traveling a lot to London and surrounding areas on business and this map program is helping us find details quickly about areas we want to visit , travel to , and eat at.So far the only functionality that does n't appear in AutoRoute that does in Streets and Trips that we would like to have seen is the ability to use the mouse to draw a box around and area and then enlarge it . This function is much more cumbersome in Autoroute.So far we have enjoyed this program and are making a great use of it .
 I was very pleased with the earlier version of AutoRoute 2003 so buying the AutoRoute 2007 was a no brainier . New countries added such as Norway is great to have . The Ireland map was greatly improved but dose not has address find for that country . All in all , very happy with this software .
 If you have used MS Streets & Trips , then you 'll know your way around AutoRoute . We are using this to plan a trip to Europe next May . Based on my knowledge of locations in Britian , the software appears to be pretty accurate . If you want to use this with a GPS that does not come bundled with the package , expect some frustration . I still have not figured out how to get it to talk to my USB based Garmin unit . I think it is possible , just do not know how .
 I used this package with my laptop all of May 2009 . We traveled France Germany and Austria . This package is a must to have . In past trips to Europe we had to constantly try to remember how to get back from our departure point , we always had the feeling we were almost lost , this makes for a lot of stress . Streets and trips is great , you just put your departure point and your destination point -LRB- Down to the street you want to arrive at -RRB- . It shows you where you are on the map in a very detailed street layout . If we mised a turn I could navigate our way back to getting on our route by watching the map and eventually navigating our way back on route.It went bannanas in Salzburg because of the electric trolly car wires overhead , but we ca n't fault it for that.This thing is VERY detailed in cities making life much easier , because in European cities if you take a wrong turn it is very time consuming to navigate your way back.NOW FOR THE NEGATIVE . This package crashes occasionally , and you have to reload the trip screen . I think if you push the video portion of the package this causes a crash . So move the video screens slowly . Shame on Gates . I know of no other software package that I have owned that crashes . I am going to Europe in 2010 and will take this package I would be lost without it .
 Easy to install and should work well with the Pharos GPS unit that I use with MS streets and trips 2005 .
 As far as GPS software goes , there is nothing better available than Streets & Trips and AutoRoute . There are dozens of features that you ca n't find with the self-contained GPS units . It is easy to add multiple stops and to optimize them into the best order , night-view is another great feature , as are the topographical maps . The new feature offered this year , of easy-linking to satellite photos of places on the map , is also a welcome addition.The only reason I 'm giving it a four is because of the following :1 -RRB- There is STILL no ground-level or 3D view of the roads for use in the GPS function2 -RRB- They still have n't added an option to exclude roads that ban trucks or commercial traffic form using them .3 -RRB- There is n't a lot of coverage for Eastern European countries , most notably , nothing in Russia.Nonetheless , it is still better than any other GPS software on the market .
 I recently used this software and GPS while driving extensively around Scotland -LRB- never been there before -RRB- . The only important issue is that you need another person in the car to keep an an occasional eye on what 's happening on the laptop if you 're in a new country and arent familiar with at least some of the roads.I would plan the route the night before and mapping that out was a breeze . When first learning the software , it takes a good hour of one 's time to figure out all of the different things the sofwtare can do but the basics can be learned in 30 minutes.It was VERY handy if we went offroute to simply press one button to give us directions to get back on route . In our over 1000 miles of driving in Scotland , this software only goofed once when creating driving directions and it was an obvious goof that was easy to see and fix.Faults ? The GPS hardware was perfect . No complaints there . The software knows streets of course but it doesnt understand street addresses like 28 Main Street . It will only get you to Main Street . So you need to know the cross street of whereever you want to go . You can learn that info simply using any on-line maps -LRB- which do undertsand street addresses -RRB- . Over all , we never had to look at a paper driving map ONCE . As long as I planned my waypoints the might before , there was no problem getting to where we wanted to go.If you are somewhat patient with yourself learning how to use new software , and you 'll be traveling with someone , you really should check out Autoroute .
 AutoRoute Europe , not surprisingly , is very similar to Microsoft Streets and Trips . It is easy to use , the maps are very legible , and it has many convenient features such as distance measuring and route marking -LRB- highlighting -RRB- , trip planner , etc. . It seems to lack some of the detail of Streets and Trips . For example , it could not find Via Martinuzzo in Reggello , Italy . I believe the street appears on the map , but is unnamed . However , this is minor . Most of what you would be looking for is available and easily found . -LRB- I had no problems finding streets in Germany , even in small towns like Wittingen . -RRB- All in all , a very good product .
 Just got back from a little driving tour through Spain and France . Although I 've been there a few times before , this is the first time with a map program . I 've become addicted to Streets and Trips here in the U.S. so I thought I 'd try this for our latest trip . I used Autoroute with the GPS receiver I got from Streets and Trips and instead of the usual getting lost as soon as you get off the main road and flopping around , Autoroute shows exactly where you are and recalculates a new route . My 16 year old son was my copilot and easily handled the program . I especially liked the female British accent drive instruction feature , nice touch . Although there were a few map errors , as in Streets and Trips , the program was invaluable . As anyone that travels in Europe will tell you , the signage is atrocious especially in urban areas , and this is definitely the answer . Highly recommend it .
 This is a good , basic routing program . The interface is similar to Microsoft Streets and Trips but the data base is lacking . There is a serious deficiency when it comes to street names in the less urban areas . This program will serve you well in traveling major roads between cities and it will serve you well in locating streets in urban centers . but if you need to find your way around the countryside , it wo n't be of much help .
 I felt a little like the navigator on the Starship Enterprise sitting in the backseat of our rental car peering into my laptop screen during our recent trip to the UK . But this is a great solution for GPS navigating and trip planning!The mapping is easy - not only does it work on addresses but AutoRoute also comes with built in names of places and landmarks . Even a Park and Ride carpark outside Bath was already there , as were the names of the National Trust properties we visited . Finding the way to change settings was a little mysterious , but once I had the hang of it , I appreciate the ability to follow and anticipate by zooming in and out . The built in voice was pleasant and economical in giving directions - but having a full screen gave so much more information than a standalone GPS device . How can a small screen show the English roundabout ? The GPS device itself consistently held onto 8-10 satellites while on the side window of the car.The cost of this package and an adaptor for the power supply for the car still was less expensive than a standalone GPS , while being far better than a rental car GPS if available . And it provided another justication for hauling my laptop around Europe !
 I just completed a 15 day trip through Italy and Greece using AutoRoute . The other key components are the Pharos GPS-500 USB receiver and a Laptop . The software installs without issues and worked well throughout my trip . It is pretty accurate and worked even in the most remote places . It has many features that I did not use like tracking fuel economy and setting way points . You can select many languages and metric versus miles . I simply put in my target address and checked the provide guidance box and off I went!There were a couple of minor issues during the trip . On long multi hour drives the software would hang up . Not sure why - could have been a laptop issue also ? Simple fix was to close and restart the program.The other issue is accuracy . There were time when it said '' right turn in 500 feet '' and the turn was much closer and you would miss it . It 's not a big deal because it also shows you a detailed map with street names so you can quickly adjust . This could be an issue with the GPS receiver or restriction by the government.Anyways - I recommend this product and will use it again.Cheers , chuckp
 This has been a good purchase for us . We are in northern Italy for about 7 weeks , and needed to navigate a number of cities
 It was just what I was looking to buy for my trip to the British Isles . It was easy to install in my computer .
 I 'm planning a trip to Europe -LRB- of course -RRB- and it help a lot with millageand since I plan on using my GPS from my Streets and Trip then I figure that everything is gon na be A ok
 Going to Europe this spring and needed this software to plan stops , etc. . . on our three week trek . . This is excellant , as is their USA software .
 I am no fan of dictatorial monopoly companies . But this software is so good that it overcomes my dislikes .
 I purchased Auto Route just prior to going to Europe on a business trip . The software with the GPS -LRB- I also have Streets and Trips with GPS and you can use the GPS feature with both -RRB- worked better than the GPS that was in the Mercedes that I rented . It was more accurate when we were in Paris and was easier to understand and follow when driving on the highways . I would have been lost without it . For under $ 55 it is an investment that you will not regret .
 I traveled to Greece last month and visited Santorini and Crete . The program was helpful but it would have been better if it showed the roads in those islands . I was able to trace my routes which made it useful on the way back . I still recommend the program .
 AM planning a trip to Eastern Europe . This is a great tool for planning this trip .
 My wife used Autoroute for a two week trip to Germany . Usually she gets lost in our own home town . With Autoroute , she was able to find her way to relatives homes in all kinds of obscure places .
 I was glad that I could get Autoroute Europe here in this country because I have had to order from Britain previously . Product is as expected . Shipping was excellent . Thanks .
 I just got back from a trip to the UK and used AutoRoute 2007 . I had no problems with it other than some trouble talking to the satilites sometimes and it not recieving a signal . Occationally the icon was not directly on the road shown on the map but traveled right next to it . I traveled many back roads and city streets . Without this map would have been extreamly lost . It showed me everwhere I wanted to go . Great product with just a few minor tweeks needed .
 It is true that sometimes you can get results by using search engines to find a place in this world . This program has tha advantage of also evaluating time and distance for basic evaluation of route searching . I had the 2004 edition and now upgraded to the 2007 . Differences ? I still did not find yet , but I am satisfied in relation to price paid.For directions I use a Garmin GPS .
 I receved the software for our trip to Italy the next day and I was so impressed Because we were leaving for Italy that night and it was so nice to know that I can depend on Amazon to receve the product i ordered.Thank You Ernest Mattuchio
 When your working with Sony Acid , there nothing better than having instant access to an assortment of awesome bass loops.Rudy Sarzo has made a wonderful addition to our music track library.Rudy Sarzo Workingman 's Bass
 I bought this to help teach myself Excel 2002 . It has been very helpful and I would recommend it to anyone .
 This book is excellent in many ways but it is also filled with too many errors.I actually documented the errors and sent a letter to MSPress to notify them . These mistakes are no big deal but if you are truly new to computers or if you just follow along and do not really pay attention as you perform these exercises ... you will get the wrong results at times . Most errors do not affect the outcome but in some cases they do . Such as ... page 99 , step # 14 ... just skip it . Go from step # 13 to # 15 . If you perform step # 14 you will not get the intended results.I also did not like the authors approach to explain what to click on . He does it in a backwards way like this - To cascade multiple workbooks select Arrange then choose Cascade then click OK under the Window menu option . He should say it like this - To Cascade multiple workbooks click on Window , then Arrange , then choose Cascade and click OK . Typed liked that it is easier to follow but most of the time he does n't . This gets to be a royal pain!Overall the book is great if you need to learn Excel 2002 fast and do not want tons of extra info and in depth details about the functions you are learning . He spends a whopping 13 pages on Macros and a measely 10 pages on working with database data . I did not expect heavy coverage and neither should you . Those subjects are worthy of their own books.I train and teach Office products to clients and I would recommend this book . The practice files are excellent and makemit possible to work with real examples so you actually get to do Real Time exercises and not just read instructions.Let me add one more thing - The author of Outlook 2002 Step By Step was a better writer and made it easier to follow along and understand . If you need to learn Outlook fast I highly recommend it !!!!!
 The 2002 version is much more user-friendly with its color pages and helpful organization than the bigger and less-organized 2000 offering . An added bonus for those looking to take the Microsoft Office Specialist Exam is the fact that this edition lists which core and expert objectives are covered when covering a lesson . Also , the interactive practice files make it extremely easy to follow and learn - for anyone.This book , in conjunction with the one by Barbara Clemens , helped me to not only garner Excel 2002 proficiency , but to become an Excel 2002 Expert . Now that I 'm an Expert , I can tell you this book might be too easy for me - but maybe not for you . And that 's the real deal .
 I read a lot of computer books , and normally they are about as exciting as watching paint dry . I ca n't claim this book is exciting , but it does everything it possibly can to ease the pain.The author is obviously a professional writer , not a computer guy who knows stuff and is writing a book about it . The structure of the book is impeccable and extremely consistent . Each section has a description and then extremely well written walk throughs . This allows people with different learning styles to access the book differently . I 'm a very experiential learner , so I might do the walk through first and then read about what I did , others may like to do it differently.I have really enjoyed learning and growing in excel . At the time of reading this book I was progressively working on a real world spreadsheet . At the end of many chapters I would think `` hey , what a cool feature , I could use it to improve my spreadsheet '' . As I spend a lot of time in this spreadsheet , this book has saved me lots of time by allowing me to streamline my work.Curtis , write more books please - the computer world needs authors like you !
 I found the lessons easy to follow ... a bit too easy sometimes . That was to be expected in this type of book . I have a lot of experience with Excel and I only bought the book so that I could prepare for the Excel Expert exam . So , most of the information was known to me , but there were several sections of new information . It filled in my knowledge gaps and I passed the exam . The book did its job .
 This book is heavily emphasized for business users . Almost all the examples and the features discussed in the book are business related . That 's not to say that this is a bad book ! It is a good book , but if you are looking for book for engineers , you might want to look elsewhere .
 Although I 've used Excel for at least 10 years , I 've felt that I could get more out of it , hence the reason that I bought this book . I do like that it comes with a CD with practice files , which gets rid of the tedium of entering reams of data just so you can manipulate them.Even with all my years with Excel , the first chapter was a complete mystery to me . It consisted of opening files , making minor changes , then immediately closing them again . The next couple of chapters were much better , especially the ones on filtering data , changing the look of a workbook , and summarizing data . The chapter on Pivot tables was another mystery ; though I could see what they are , I could n't fathom exactly why I would use them.I was especially hoping that the chapter on creating charts would be full of info and helpful tips . However , I feel that this one glossed over a lot of detail , and completely missed how to make a chart easier to comprehend . I 've learned more previously about chart making by just using the ` Help ' feature that comes with Excel.Still , I 'm glad I got the book ; I now know more about Excel than I did before .
 I purchased this specific Textbook for my existing Excel 2002 Software Program . It provided me with a large volume of additional information to better utilize this program . The Textbook was purchased used for a great deal less than a new one . Both the Textbook and the attached training CD were in perfect shape . I would recommend this book to anyone . Check this one out , it is a great deal !
 After researching many different books , I picked the Step by Step Excel for my class . This is an extremely easy book to follow either as a class or on your own . It comes with a disk of practice exersices . The author has made it very easy to learn new consepts . This is the first time I have taught an Excel class and this book has made my adult students feel comfortable and confident in learning something new since most have not been in a classroom in many years . I will continue to use this book as a learning guide and would also recommend the Word Step by Step book . This would definately help anyone learning Excel as well as a review for someone who already uses Excel .
 Many people have said that this program is not worth a penny , however , I truly disagree ! Yes , it is true that it does lag and if you get frustrated with it and start clicking things it makes it worse . However , when it does have its melt downs , as long as you are pacient for a couple seconds it 'll come back to you . However , make sure you save often just in case . The affects are absolutly fantastic ! I have a special program for transitions though - Hollywood FX . With the program the transitions can be insanely cool . I 've made lots of videos with ease . It has been so much easier to manage than I-movie . Also an easy to follow set up and its easy to learn ! I am wondering though -LRB- the real reason I wondered onto this page -RRB- if any one knows how to put 4-8 different shots onto one screen as a split screen with all videos playing at the same time . Does anyone have any idea ? The affect shows that it is available through the hollywood fx transitions , but I can only get it to work with two shots , even though the transition botton says it should do 4 . If you have any suggestions please write it in a review . I 'll be checking ! Thanks ! Great product though ! I totally recommend it !
 Studio 8 takes an already strong video editing package and makes it even stronger by adding new features that allow the user to burn their movies to DVD . I 've enjoyed using Studio 7 to turn my own camcorder footage into movies that I can share with family and friends for some time now , and being able to create the DVDs from within the new Studio 8 is a major improvement .
 I bought the Sony IP5 MicroMV Digital Video Camera expecting more companies to support the format . Right now it looks like Pinnacle is the only one to support it besides Sony . Ughh ... Can you say Betamax?It took Pinnacle a while to get the bugs out , but I 've downloaded the free upgrades and am now running version 8.7 . It is one hundred times better than Sony 's MovieShaker software that came with the IP5 . I 've made two short clips and burned both as VCDs -LRB- I do n't have a DVD burner , yet -RRB- . Great results both times.If you have a MicroMV get this software now . I am so thankful to Pinnacle for supporting MicroMV .
 My personal experience with this software is that it is very user friendly and versatile with regard to adding transitions , effects , and music tracks . The main recommendation , as you have probably heard before , is to make sure that you have adequate hard drive space -LRB- my 17 minute edited video took up 20 GB of hard drive space -RRB- , so that you can capture your video in DV mode . If you do not have enough hard drive space available , you will have to capture video in another mode , and then , during the rendering process , have to reconnect your camcorder to the computer -- the burning process takes hours . I personally have not experienced any of the bugs that the other reviewers mention with this software . I have edited and burned four home movies thus far without any problems .
 Got a new Dell Dimension for video editing . Pentium 4 @ 2.6 mhz , 80 gig hard drive , 512 meg ram . Upgraded to Roxio Easy CD & DVD Creator V6 . It works pretty well until you burn a dvd , when the video quaility is bad . This is all well documented in the discussion area on the Roxio website.All the magazine reviews rate Pinnacle Studio 8 very highly . I was all set to hit the BUY button at Amazon , but checked these reviews first , and got cold feet . I downloaded Ulead Movie Factory 2 trial version , it is n't powerful enough for me.Next I downloaded the 108 meg trial of Pinnacle Studio 8 . I liked it a lot , but it crashed a couple times , and would not let me burn a trial dvd anyway.Still , I liked the software so much I took a chance and bought it . All the worrying was for nothing . It works perfectly on my computer.I completed a 35 minute dvd of my class reunion . There was some tape shot as a couple dozen people at tables set up in a garage visited after eating . Because of the enclosed space , all the conversations reverberate and the audio sounds like 20 or so people talking at once . Studio 8 let me add a soothing guitar soundtrack , while reducing the level of the original sound . The added soundtrack -LRB- there are several with the program to choose from -RRB- was automatically fit to the length of the garage clip.I am glad the Roxio software had the quality glitch . Otherwise I would not have tried Pinnacle Studio 8 .
 After reading all of these awful reviews of Pinnacle 8 , I thought I should throw in my two cents.First , the background : I bought the Pinnacle USB Moviebox , which came with Studio 8 . I installed it on a Dell Dimension 2400 ; 2.4 GHz Pentium 4 , 256 MB RAM , 40 GB HD.Now , yes , sometimes the program quits , with no warning , no error messages . It is annoying , but I only actually lost work I 'd done once . Every other time when I restarted the program the project was there as it had been before . I now save the project regularly . Not something you should have to do , but I can live with it.I have burned several VCD 's and a couple SVCD 's in my CD burner . No problems with those . I do not have a DVD burner in my computer , rather I have stand alone home DVD recorder -LRB- Panasonic DMR-E30 -RRB- and have used the USB box several times to output a project to DVD . No problems with that , but , of course , I ca n't comment on any aspects regarding using the program to create a DVD on a computer.The USB box also is your capture source in the package and in my experience it has generally done an excellent job . Sometimes after capturing it is necessary to restart the program to capture again . Another nuisance , but , again , I 'm able to live with it.I give this program 4 stars , not because the software is perfect , it definitely has its bugs , but because for under $ 200 I got both a capture/output device and a decent editing program that allows me to put in titles , and add fades and dissolves , which I consider the most important tools in video editing . A pretty darn good value ...
 I 'll admit that this program is unstable , and many of the complaints listed on this site are true , when running on a Win98 system.However , after upgrading my PC -LRB- P3 866Mhz , 512 Mb RAM -RRB- to WinXP Pro , and a fresh install of Studio 8 -LRB- along with the recent 8.10 upgrade -RRB- , many of the problems have all but disappeared.Regardless of the software package , video editing puts a major task on your processor , even on a P4 3.0 Ghz . It is best to turn off all programs and background tasks -LRB- including anti-virus -RRB- when editing and rendering video.This is mentioned in the instruction manual , and on Pinnacle 's website.For those looking for 16x9 support , Studio 9 is supposed to include this feature , and I can not wait .
 Review
 I will NOT say that this is the excellent application ! But for sure this will beat all other consumer video editing application . I still remember I used to use Ulead 's software . After that I got chance to use Pinnacle 's software , and I liked it very much ! It is slim , slick , elegant software . Looks like this company is totally in video editing . They provide the feature which are like professional video editing . So I checked out Pinnacle web site -LRB- www.pinnaclesys.com -RRB- , I found that they have lots of video editing products from consumer to professional to broadcast ! Check out their their Edition , liquid , Blue products which are high end products .
 Very good product for the cost - intelligent and easy to use . Intuitive controls that work with most Microsoft office shortcuts .
 I must say that you have to be really , and I mean really really patient to use this program . I worked with a 30 minute video project that I burned to a DVD and did n't have a bit of problem except off course slowness . I use a Dell 1.6 GHz with 640MB Ram and 80GB drive . It never crashed for me although I have read a lot of reviews stating that program is very unstable . This is not the case for me . I finished entire project in one day . I did a lot of editing with over 100 transition effects and background music . Rendering took over 8 hours but I let it run overnight and the dvd was burned in the morning without any flaws . The only bad part about it is that when I was adding tranitions it made me wait a long time to add each transition effect . Over all I am satisfied with the program . It produced excellent results for me .
 This is one of the easiest to use video editing packages you could want to find . It is powerful for its very low price . If you do any level of video editing this is the software you need . All other packages could learn from this one as to how to design video editing software . Even Pinnacles Meditation could learn from this package .
 It is unfortunate that such a great program -LRB- still with some bugs -RRB- has received some bad reviews . I purchased Version 8.0 on May 24 and immediately updated to version 8.5 . I admit I was a little skepticle , but only until I started using and reading the 258 page excellent manual that comes with it . I had henceforth struggled with 4 other video editors and this one is BY FAR the best . I have an HP Pavilion 1.8 Ghz machine with 220Gb total disc -LRB- s -RRB- and only 256m of RAM . I have dedicated 60g for `` video only '' . I slapped in another 256M of RAM without any noticable improvement in anything . I was a systems programmer for over 30 years at HP and am well aware of where this product is w.r.t. functionality and quality . Be patient - they will get it working . The only problem I am having is `` hangs with the hour glass '' , but have found if I go get a cup of coffee or take a walk , when I come back the project is loaded . I have also put it through paces , like retrieving 3G captured file -LRB- from another application -RRB- , then sub-dividing into scenes and building a smaller video out of that . Do NOT let these other bad reviews scare you!PS
 I upgraded this software to 8.03.18 before working with it . Mpeg import and video capture work great , little or no frames dropped . Timeline creation is a snap , trimming video is virtual , your actual raw video is undisturbed . Menu creation not too diffucult . Documentation is lacking where linking menus is concerned , but user forums provide detailed instructions . Importing stills , secondary audio -LRB- including MP3 -RRB- were no trouble.Burning a dvd requires patience with this software , granted . But the results are nothing less than spectacular . After spending just eight hours creating a project -LRB- mostly spent on menu creation -RRB- , I left Studio 8 to re-render my video overnight . I would say it took 5-8 minutes to re-render each minute . But in the end I burned a full 2.25 hour disc with main menu , 3 sub-menus with 5 chapters each , mp3 background music for each menu . Everything was accessible when using my home player , video quality was superb , audio sync was never an issue . I know there seem to be some compatability issues on some systems , but if you think your computer can do it , this IS the one to buy ! Previously I was using MovieFactory . Studio 8 is fifty times better , no joke.Hardware Specs
 I had never used video editing software before , and read a lot of reviews , both user and `` expert '' before settling for Pinnacle Studio Version 8 . Curiously , the 10 digit serial number was printed backwards and it took a while to figure that out . Also it was on the CD sleeve , not on the back of the book where the on screen instructions told me to locate it.After installing -LRB- a breeze -RRB- I watched the tutorial video and then made a couple of test movies . One on fresh video footage from my Samsung mini DV camcorder , the other was a compilation of AVI video clips my folks back in Old England have e-mailed to me and I have been saving them on my hard drive.Both movies were easy to compile and fun to do . I easily added transition effects between scenes and titles , trimmed some scenes and then rendered the whole thing . I found rendering was slow , as many other reviewers have pointed out , but that was my only complaint.I made one test movie on a CD using MPEG2 which played fine on my DVD player . The other was a compilation of 20 and 30 second AVI movie clips , which was also very easy to put together and played perfectly on my -LRB- older -RRB- DVD player . Movies can also be made in streaming fashion to display on a web site or in formats suitable for e-mailing . The many formats available is definitley one of its strong points.This software was pretty easy to use , with nice features allowing a complete amateur like me to impress the hell out of my friends at first try!I accomplished all of this without any prior experience with video editing software so I give my full approval .
 This program is the best DVD authoring program I have ever encountered , even with the bugs . If you can think of it , this program will probably let you do it . Special effects , menus , title screens , title overlays , sound editing , video editing , and the export options are all available.Now , if all you want to do is capture footage from your camcorder and make a DVD , this program is great for you . It may take a while to record the footage into your pc -LRB- It takes the same amt of time to record it in to your pc as it did to record the movie originally -RRB- but the quality with which it records it is great . Immediately after you have it all recorded , you can start burning the movie or you can do a little editing . Yes , it will take a while with this program to create a DVD , but you must remember that you are CREATING the DVD not COPYING footage . KEEP IN MIND that digital video quality footage takes up roughly 4GB of memory for every 18 min of footage and MPEG -LRB- DVD -RRB- quality can take up roughly 4GB of memory for about 15 min of footage . Be prepared for this . Also , rendering may take quite a while depending on your PC hardware and what you are exporting to . Be prepared to let it do its thing for a few hours or possibly an entire day depending on quite a few factors.Now for actual movie making people , this program is great as well , BUT ONLY IF YOUR SYSTEM HAS HIGH SPECS . Everyone complains about the hang time , but my pc is a custom made high end PC and it barely has any hang time . Anyone expecting to do a lot of editing and burning should have a high end pc in order to use this program . If you have good specs -LRB- at least a 1 gig processor and 512k ram , better if you have a 2 gig processor though -RRB- then this program will work wonders for you.Now that I 've said all that , here 's my list of pros and cons.Pros : Very versatileEasy to useHigh quality videoPlethora of export options including export to camcorder -LRB- yes , right back to your camcorder tape -RRB- , AVI video , MPEG video , Streaming video -LRB- for websites -RRB- , VCDs , S-VCDs , DVDs , Real Video , and Windows Media VideoExpandible effects and title screensCustomizable effects -LRB- with ... upgrade -RRB- and titlesAutomatic Scene detection -LRB- it automatically creates scenes depending on the option you select -RRB- Cons : Can be slow on low end PCsA few minor bugs -LRB- that can be worked around if you know anything about computers -RRB- Takes quite a long time to rendercan only capture between 15-18 min of footage at a time from camcorder -LRB- depending on quality -RRB-
 This is a great editor . Then again , you must remember to check out pinnaclesys.com to get the patches to make it updated . I had few problems with it . In the 30 + editing hours I used to make a movie , it did crash twice , but those were 30 hours of intensive use . The features that I liked best were the simple drag and drop . I give it 4 stars on the basis of an editing software.Authoring , on the other hand , is a different story . It takes hours to encode and output to a dvd . The menus are nice , if they fit your situation -LRB- which they usually do -RRB- . I needed a program with complete control over the menu.Pros : User friendly for average userTransitions are easily usedAutomatic shift entire assets when you drop a scene into timelineCheaper than version 9Scene detection -LRB- splits movie into scenes -RRB- Titles look goodAll work retained after a crashCons : It is slow detecting scenes from videoTitles are a bit difficult to arrangeCrashesDVD burning optionsMy suggestion
 Despite of all the other bad reviews Pinnacle Studio 8 is a fine product . I got the same advise from a DVD Support site . They advised me that Studio 8 can work with their DVD burners but only if I can make the application work . Good luck ! I guess i am lucky because with Studio 8 my DVD movies are of superior quality to those other video programs such as Sonic My DVD or Sony MovieShaker . Also , Studio 8 is a more complete application because enables me to edit sound as MP3 files from Real One Player together in my videos . Therefore , Studio 8 offers a more integral interface with a sexy touch for the digital video lover . I am happy with Studio 8 !
 I got a Sony TVR-33 camcorder and wanted to make DVDs out of what I shot . No editing , nothing . But once I got this software , I have turned a friend 's wedding into a movie complete with edits , slo-mo , titling , etc. . It looks great and this software is the reason . I have the manual but have only cracked it open occasionally . Very intuitive . Very Easy . Great product .
 Captured my home video and edited it . It was quick and easy.DVD R/RW compatibility is a different issue .
 Unlike many of the reviews you will read here Studio 8 works perfectly for me . I am even still using the original version included on the CDs I have had no reason to update . At work we also have this software and the only reason we updated was because we got a new PC with the new 8x Plextor DVD burner and it was n't supported in the older version . its hard to believe so many people are having problems with it since it works perfect for me .
 i used the Studio 8 to edit all my vacation DV tape , and burn DVD disc without any problem , i did experienced program crash sometime but not always , the transitions from the Hollywood FX are excellent and have so many choices to choose . I have some friends have problems with Studio 8 and can never run this program but i think you do need a very stable system in order to run it smoothly .
 Do n't get fool by the price , it might look cheap , but this is a great software for video editing . I have been using Pinnacle softwares for years , & it has never deceived me . I make video & film with softwares including Studio 8.0 . The special effects , tittles & transitions are excellent . If you are serious at making movies , I suggest that you upgrade your computer first , a faster processor & a lot of RAMs will make the rendering of movies faster . Create DVD menus like pro as well .
 I use Studio 8 for quick not-to-complex projects and all of my capturing . It is very easy to learn and the output is great . This software does require a healthy computer to work efficiently . The program was a little `` buggy '' when working on large -LRB- greater than 20 minutes -RRB- projects . A downloaded patch removed the bugs.The motion DVD menus are great and look very professional!I would recommend this software to anyone considering using their camcorder to produce home DVDs for archiving . It is fast and has many enhancement features that will impress your audience .
 UPDATED REVIEW
 I downloaded the trial from the pinnacle website and I was extremely happy with it . You can only save files in the smallest quaility but you really get a good idea of how the program works . I thought it was easy to use and a great price at Amazon.com compared to the stores !
 This software is the easiest and fastest to learn and fastest to use . It has features of much higher priced professional video editing packages . The documentation is great . User interface the BEST ! Easy to use . Yes , you can use it without ever opening the documentation . You can get professional results . SmartSound music backgrounds that come with the package are also easy to use and sound GREAT . This is the package for home users and you can not beat the price . There are only a few bugs left in this software as it is a mature package . You must follow the rules though and turn off everything in the background using ctl , alt , delete and removing everything except Explorer and System Tray . Defragment your hard drive and you will eliminate most troubles that plague others that do n't do these simple things before running Studio 8 . I wish it had at least one more video and audio track available . But then no one would ever buy upgraded packages if it had everything . Buy this one if you want an easy to use video editor for HOME use . It is not for making commercial videos . I 'm now using Edition DV as well .
 After I bought my SONY VAIO computer , I had been searching for a video editing software to replace Adobe Premiere LE , which came with the computer . Adobe Premiere is a powerful video editing software , but the learning curve is steep for first time users.I tried Ulead VideoStudio and MGI VideoWave -LRB- now Roxio VideoWave -RRB- first . They are both entry level video editing tools , and are quite easy to start with . But Ulead VideoStudio allows smoother switching between timeline and storyboard modes . However , you will soon hit their limitations once you start doing something a little advanced.Then I got a hold of a copy of older version of Pinnacle Studio , and started using it . It 's not as easy as Ulead VideoStudio , but you can quickly learn to do basic editing without much efforts . Once you get familiar with the basic , many more advanced features will come naturally at your command.The DVD authoring feature in version 8 is flexible and powerful , but not quite easy to use . Ulead 's DVD Workshop can achieve most of the tasks faster and easier .
 Run , do n't walk , to this product . The formerly bug ridden software has developed into an excellent program with release 8.5 . The learning curve is still there especially when working with menus , but the results are spectacular . Unlike Dazzle DVD Complete , Pinnacle Studio allows significantly more user modifiable areas and greater selections for fades , disolves , titles , etc. . The only thing it lacks is an integrated label module.I have used the program for several months now and will admit my share of frustration in learning how to use it adequately . There is a very good company/user chat site which lends support and the company response and follow up has been adequate.I recently uploaded onto my computer hard drive three hours of taped vacation which I was trying to reduce to about an hour of viewable footage . Very very few frames were dropped . This does not appear to be a problem with this software.This is a good program offered for a good price .
 It is unfortunate that such a great program -LRB- still with some bugs -RRB- has received some bad reviews . I purchased Version 8.0 on May 24 and immediately updated to version 8.5 . I admit I was a little skepticle , but only until I started using and reading the 258 manual that comes with it . I had henceforth struggled with 4 other video editors and this one is BY FAR the best . I have an HP Pavilion 1.8 Ghz machine with 220Gb total disc -LRB- s -RRB- and only 256m of RAM . I have dedicated 60g for `` video only '' . I slapped in another 256M of RAM without any noticable improvement in anything . I was a systems programmer for over 30 years at HP and am well aware of where this product is w.r.t. functionality and quality . Be patient - they will get it working . The only problem I am having is `` hangs with the hour glass '' , but have found if I go get a cup of coffee or take a walk , when I come back the project is loaded . I have also put it through paces , like retrieving 3G captured file -LRB- from another application -RRB- , then sub-dividing into scenes and building a smaller video out of that . Do NOT let these other bad reviews scare you!PS
 I 've been trying all the popular editing suites , including Pinnacle 7 which crashed on my PC.However 8 is much better and really easy to use.Just as important it works in real time evenon my 500MHz PC -LRB- minimum spec -RRB- . The only thingthats faster and easier is XPs free Movie Makerbut it does n't have any features worth talkingabout . iMovie on my Mac is also great but ca n'tcreate VCDs -LRB- yet ? -RRB- The only downside to Pinnacle is the long renderingtime - approximately 10x Realtime - that 's 10 hoursto create a VCD ! The other package I 've used forthis -LRB- Powerdirector -RRB- takes less that 90minutes ! On Pinnacle you can watch each frame beingrendered one by one ! Do n't try saving to DVcamcorder unless you are using mains power ...
 I have been able to easily create 1-hr home video 's using this software that are filled with menu 's , transitions , special effects , smooth slow motion , imported mpegs/jpegs , music -LRB- you can use your own mpgs too -RRB- , sound effects , on-screen words , everything . You can zoom in on the timeline to fine-tune each 1/30th of a second of video if you wanted ! I used about 20 clips from footage of my kids on vacation . I found cutting and pasting clips , adding music , words , effects easy and the whole interface really intuitive - I did n't once need to read a help menu/file . Now , I suspect the reason it hangs up/crashes for other people is because they have insufficient computer resources . I have Windows XP , 512MB RAM , 50GB of FREE Hard Drive -LRB- you need 12GB per hour of video imported -RRB- , Athlon XP2200 1.8 Ghz Processor and a basic 32Mb Graphic Card . Basically , this was a $ 1000 computer system 4 yrs ago and I imagine pretty standard by todays standards . I do think the box 's recommended system requirements is way too conservative . The box says you need only 128Mb of RAM , 800MHz processor , and a comment about 4Gb of disc space per 20mins of video . That would be insufficient . You will need to have a firewire -LRB- IEEE 1394 -RRB- on your PC -LRB- super-fast USB-like port -RRB- to capture video which can be bought from Best-Buy for $ 40 and installed inside your computer on a spare PCI slot -LRB- it really is easy to do -RRB- . If you have this , I think that the current price of v. 8 at $ 25 -LRB- it was $ 100 -RRB- is brilliant value for money . If your computer system is below what I listed , you may find this program hangs up . But with a moderately powerful computer system you will have a great video editing program with nice DVD 's to share and keep .
 I 'm a newbie to video , a long time computer user , and a guy with no spare time . So over the Christmas holiday I decided to try to make a few short movies out of 3 video tapes that I shot this summer . I surfed the Web to find cables and software , and ordered Studio 8 based on reviews by PC Magazine , ZD Net UK , Kurt von Behrmann , etc. . I also bought Jan Ozer 's book to try to get the most out of Studio . Before my Studio software order arrived , I read the customer reviews ... oh SH * $ # , I thought . It 's buggy beta software , and I just wasted my time and money on it ! If only I had read the reviews before I ordered ... Well I received and installed Studio yesterday , and I 've already created 3 movies from about 2 hours of video tape , including productions niceties like titles , fades and fancy transitions , background music ; way beyond what I thought I could do or what the supposedly buggy software could do . I 'm delighted . My equipment is all standard out-of-the box stuff : - 2.4 GHz Dell Dimension 3600C -LRB- with Pentium 4 -RRB- - 512 MB RAM - 120GB Ultra ATA/100 hard drive - Integrated Intel 3D AGP video -LRB- standard on this Dell PC -RRB- - Internal 24X CD-RW/DVD drive - Sony DCR-TRV22 mini DV camcorder -LRB- has IEEE 1394 FireWire interface -RRB- - Studio version 8.10.4.0 serial number 1018064178 -LRB- I got the latest code fixes as soon as I installed the CD , as per Jan Ozer 's recommendation -RRB- On the dark side , I 've hit a couple snags . The program hung-up once , but I did not lose anything important as I was careful to save my project regularly -LRB- because of those complaints I read about the stability -RRB- . I 'm also scratching my head about creating a VCD disk ... I guess I 'll have to purchase a DVD burner after all.On the plus side , I 've loaded about 2 hours of DV video without losing a single frame ; and I made a terrific video of my twin granddaughters at Rye Playland . My wife and I watched it 4 times already , and I just cut it this afternoon ! Those girls are the cutest things on the face of the Earth ... and if you do n't believe me , I have a video I can show you !!
 Wow , a lot of negative . I have had great luck with it . I am using a Canon Elura 50 with mine and have created a bunch of stuff . The main reason I 'm endorsing this product , though , is that it is the only software package I have found that supports pass-though video capture from a VCR through a camcorder to the PC . Showbiz and MovieMaker do n't and this was a huge selling point to me .
 I 'll keep this short and to the point : * For the price this program is worth it * I bought this a few weeks ago and have n't encountered any problems * I found it easy to use -LRB- with a little practice -RRB- and it has more titles and effects than i 'll ever need to use ! * I have n't had any problems rendering * The only thing that I do n't like is that the program sometimes randomly shuts down , but I just save often and I do n't mind * THIS PROGRAM WAS WORTH IT FOR ME AND I RECCOMEND YOU BUY IT ! ... i know it has gotten A LOT of bad reviews , but I was happy with it !
 I looooooove Studio 8 ! I have spent countless hours using and researching video editing software and Pinnacle 8 is a far superior software than everything in the < $ 99 range . Studio 8 has the easiest and most intuitive interface on the market AND FAR SURPASSES its competition in freebies that comes with it like music generation , visual effects , tons of transitions , outstanding title creation tool , and let 's not forget it 's one of the few softwares that offers amazing DVD and VCD menus that are cutomizable -- and you can output to VHS and any camera!The only reason to not buy Studio 8 -- is because Studio 9 is even more fantastic and has even more freebies and effects like surround sound tools .
 hi , i recently used this sofware and found it to be very good.yes it does crash but i have never lost my work as it is all there when you start it up again , this is by far the most powerful software i have seen , but you dnt have to be a professional to use it . i reccomend it highly
 I have n't used Studio 8 yet , but it is basically Studio 7 plus the ability to import and edit MPEGs , and other formats , which for me is enough reason to get it . If you use it with a TV card , you could essentially record television shows onto your hard drive as an MPEG and then edit out the commericials with Studio 8 . I also plan to use it for tweaking up some of my older MPEG movies that I made on Studio 6 by taking advantage of color correction , scrolling credits , etc. . It 's an extremely easy program to use , but it is very well equipped to do just about anything . Definately worth the price . I love filmmaking , and since I started with Studio 6 , I have never had any reason to try anything else .
 I have found the Russian Now program to be an excellent resource for learning Russian . It is especially useful when used in conjunction with other resources . I have found it most useful to use this program as my main resource and use two or three other publications as reinforcement.For the complete beginner , it is an excellent resource for learning the Russian alphabet and pronunciation . The program gives you an opportunity to listen to either individual words or complete sentences from a selected title . After that , you can record your pronunciation and analyze your speech against a native speaker . There are also several different word games with varying levels of difficulty that accompany each title . You can use whatever features of the program that best suit you.There are also grammar resources , but they are not that intuitive . They are about the equivalent of reading a text book on the subject.The largest drawback to the program is the lack of truly beginner titles . This is probably the reason that I see the need for reinforcing material . Overall , though , it is an excellent program and definitely worth the price that is charged for it .
 This product , Russian Now V9 by Transparent Language , is great for language learning . Being able to hear the words pronounced greatly enhances ones ability to correctly learn the right way to speak Russian . Russian Now emphasizes the important language skills of listening , speaking , reading & writing and vocabulary & grammar . The games are excellent and help to provide good practice . The product provides a CD interactive learning experience . Adding to this is Transparent Language 's free web-based learning resource that will support and expand your learning . Overall , this is a well put together and useful learning tool .
 A good thing about this program is that it introduces you to the alphabet , pronouncing the letter sounds and the letter names themselves . Too bad they do n't have that feature for numbers or counting . For that , you 'd have to look them up or happen upon each number during dialog lessons.I would n't completely rely on the ` Advanced Speech Analysis ' feature in helping with one 's accent , which basically has an arrow which points to one of three areas depending on one 's accent ability
 The LanguageNOW ! series happen to be very good . It greatly improves your listening and reading skills . Russian happens to be one of the hardest languages in the world . Even many Russians have a hard time with their language.As for as Grammar goes , this software puts you on the right track . The only way to actually learn grammar is to buy a grammar book . I suggest Shaum 's Outlines
 This program deserves the 5-star rating for several reasons .1 -RRB- Has a grammar turtorial -LRB- something a lot of language software is lacking -RRB- 2 -RRB- Uses technology to its fullest with video , amazing audio -LRB- you can listen to over 10,000 words in Russian -RRB- , and voice recognition to help correct your pronunciation .3 -RRB- Good conversation practices4 -RRB- Extra learning material offered online5 -RRB- Uses native speakersOverall , this program is a very impressive learning system unlike any other out there and I highly recomend it .
 Good program overall , I have no complaints at all . I really like how the program is set up and the games are fantastic practice . Videos are real good and when paired with the audio , they offer unparalled realism . The audio is extremely well done due to the fact that you can hear every word in the program said to you by a native Russian speaker . You can also have the program match your pronunciation to the native speaker 's for comparison . You truely can not go wrong with this program .
 This is a great program . Previously I bought another Russian language software program and it was pitiful compared with this one . Anywhere in this program you can right-click on a Russian word and bring up its grammar characteristics . An example might be -LRB- noun , feminine , 1st conjugation , possesive case -RRB- . This is important to know when you are learning what ending a word needs based on that information . You can also hear words pronounced by Russian speakers at full speed or half speed and have the word repeated as many times as needed to imitate it . The only things this program lacks are a dictionary -LRB- you can download a free Russian/English , English/Russian dictionary off the internet from Russlang -RRB- and a `` back '' button to go to a previous training sentence . You can tell the program to go to a specific sentence and word -LRB- i.e. sentence # 202 , word # 5 -RRB- , but without a printed-out sheet of all sentences how are you to know what sentence # 202 says ? Even so this is an amazing product and a great deal of work obviously went into developing it and it shows . One piece of advise though . You should also buy a good Russian language textbook to complement this program . Either one without the other will eventually leave you confused somewhere down the line . Just be aware that Russian is a complex language and the more reference tools you have at you side , the easier it will be . I have 3 books and often must read the same topic in all 3 to fully understand it . I give this product 2 thumbs up . If your local library has the book/tape series `` Modern Russian 1 '' printed by the Georgetown University Press . I highly recommend you check out the book for a few weeks . It is a great reference tool . ...
 English can be a very complicated language to learn and teach . I teach ESL -LRB- English as a Second Language -RRB- and I have used this program in the classroom to compliment my actual lessons and the results have been surprisingly fantastic . My students loved using this program because it gave them good reinforcement on what they had learned in the classroom and even expanded their learning . One of the best things English Now was able to do was to help students work on their pronunciations of words through a microphone which the computer/software then compared it to a native English speaker 's pronunciation . The students were also very fond of the many games and activities available and they too also helped . The effectiveness , capabilities and features of this program make it a great buy for anyone looking to learn ESL .
 This software program helped me to learn English . It is very good . The learning and practice I got from this program made me learn much faster . It was easy to use and is very complete . For any reason , if you want to learn English , use this produt it will help .
 The Good : * Very easy to get handle on . It 's definitely much easier than InstallShield Developer . That does n't mean their wo n't be hours of frustration with WFWI though ... it just means you will have more hair with WFWI at the end of the day . * Feature wise , it is robust . It is no Bentley but it is a Cadillac . * Help Documentation are pretty good . * WiseScript is pretty nice.The Bad : * Crashes once in a blue moon . It definitely crashes less frequent than InstallShield Developer but when it crashes it crashes . Always save :-RRB- * Wise knowledgebase is garbage . Your best bet is the newsgroup -LRB- say hello to Edward Tippelt because he helps everyone in there -RRB- and contacting one of the Wise guys -LRB- it takes them some time to answer but they are very helpful -RRB- .
 It is a nice program . It was hard at first but when I read how to use all its features fully it was a really cool program .
 I found this software to be extremely helpful . The sentance dictation section was excellent , as it allowed you to hear spoken phrases -LRB- not just one or two words -RRB- by native speakers . In addition , you could adjust the speed of the spoken phrases -LRB- either fast or slow -RRB- . I used this software while I was taking Italian languages classes and it was helpful in reinforcing what I learned in class . In addition , the video clips used in the software are from a video series that is commonly used in Italian language courses . The downloadable grammar guide was also an excellent resource to have on hand while using the software . As you do the drills/exercises , you are also able to click on most words to get detail about the grammar rules . I would definitively recommend this to a someone who is trying to learn Italian quickly .
 This suite of software is very easy to use . You can listen to conversations , participate in conversations , slow things down to hear pronunciation more clearly , etc etc. . Loaded with features that I do n't use , because even just the basic feature set is enough to get you going.However , Mac users beware . This is * not * version 9 ; it 's version 8.1 . Transparent Language used to have a big notice about the differences between Mac and Windows versions for this release , but that notice seems to have disappeared , so I thought that this was finally the * real * version 9 . Not so . Granted , it does run natively on OS X now , which was worth the purchase to me , but does not have the new features of version 9 for Windows.Overall very good product . I ca n't go into too much detail about the features , because I have n't needed them ; the software does a good job without complicating things , but offers extra features for those that will use them .
 I used this program for some time before a trip to Italy and it sucessfully taught me how to speak basic Italian pretty easily . I found the situational dialogues very useful in learning for my trip . They taught such things as how to order in a restuarant , get a hotel room , how to ask for directions ect . Italian Now has the ability to teach pronunciation with its adequete audio features . After my trip to Italy I continued to use the program and learned quite a bit more from it . This program is quite good for learning Italian even if its just for a trip or for learning another language in its entirety .
 I found Italian Now to be quite good for learning the Italian language . It gives you the ability to start almost anywhere making it ideal for beginners through experts . Being a beginner when I bought this program I started with the alphabet reference and a grammar tutorial . These were both very good features and after some practice they helped to lay a good foundation for further learning . From here there are endless things to do . This program does an excellent job of teaching vocabulary and useful phrases . Perhaps one of the best things this program does is working on your pronunciation . In several different activities I had to speak Italian into a microphone and it was compared to a native speaker 's pronunciation which helps you to drastically improve your own pronunciation . I am more than satisfied with this program and I highly recomend it .
 This is a great piece of software . I have seen a couple other language learning programs but none really like this one . It has been very effective at teaching me Italian . The content and methods of teaching are all very well done . Good software - easy to use , effective , good content - my suggestion is to use this if you want to learn Italian .
 Italian NOW is wonderful . I used this program to try and learn to speak Italian for work . I found that this program was a very good educational software product . There are thousands and thousands of words and tons of conversation practices to learn from for numerous different situations . To practice vocabulary there are some really great games . One of the best aspects of the program was that it also has ways to work on your pronunciation -LRB- through a microhpone with a Pronunciation meter that matches it against native speaker 's pronunciation -RRB- . The program also makes great use of video and audio , and at times you almost feel like you are there speaking to someone in Italian . Good program and a good way to learn .
 All of the interactive language software programs by Transparent Language are useful.This Italian version is no exception . Over 10,000 words , see & hear native speakers of Italian on your computer , and one of the neatest features is the pronunciation analysis - with the ability to record yourself speaking to check for correct pronunciation & accent.But if you buy it , make sure to the Deluxe Edition - the features really shine . It has enhanced video , bonus multilingual word processor , works with any version or Windows/Mac . Learn to speak , read , listen ... through traditional exercises , games , creative tools , and more.If you want to learn Italian , spend the extra money and spring for the Deluxe Edition .
 The good side of this program is that you can click on each word separately to hear it pronounced slowly and then you can click on the entire sentence to hear it spoken at a normal speed.After going through the section with some essential words and phrases , there is a leap to dialogues and also to the language which moves to intermediate / advanced level . If you already speak Italian , but your Italian got a little bit rusty , this may be a fun way to review it . If you 're just beginning to learn Italian , this may be frustrating and you will need to supplement this program with other more solid books both related to language and grammar.On a side note , Transparent Language has additional CDs as add-ons to this program , which as far as I know are only available through their website . Add-ons deal with different applications of language - for business , travel , entertainment , literature , etc. . There is one CD from the entertainment section that is very funny to watch . The main benefit from getting this add-ons which contain TV shows -LRB- after all you can just go to Italian video store and rent Italian movies -RRB- is that you can click on each word separately to hear it slowly and as many times as you like and then listen to the sentence or the entire episode . It helps you to accustom yourself to understand the spoken language .
 I like this program . It should not be the only aid used in learning Japanese , though . It DID help my pronounciation a bit . You can hide the translation boxes to see what you do or do n't understand while the program plays.This program does NOT use Japanese syllabry ; it uses Romaji instead . When playing the games or quizes you have to spell romaji correctly . I wa never good at the type of romaji they use -LRB- ie I prefer to use `` o - '' rather than `` oo '' -RRB- . It has a characture chart , but there are better ways to learn Hiragana and Katakana.All the dialogs are good , though . They do not teach grammer , or explain verb conjugation . For these reasons , it is best to be studying another way and use this program as a passive review , or practice ... AGAIN , use his to supplement your studies only .
 This language software is far and away the best product I 've found for learning Japanese . I am currently in Japan and this software has helped me much more than any of the books I had bought . The interactive aspect as well as the opportunity to listen to native speakers has made it indispensible . My only criticism is that it does n't give you the written Japanese to look at as you learn the words , it just shows you the romanji which is of no help over here when it comes to reading the language.All in all , it 's a bargain given the results you will get from it .
 I work for a company that gets large amounts of business from severl Japanese companies . Japanese Now was able to help me learn how to speak to my company 's clients but also taught me a valuable skill . At the start I learned the basics through the program and learned situational dialogues as well . Many games and activities are featured and allow for practice and review which is crucial in learning and retaining a new language . One of the best features I saw was being able to check if your pronunciation of a certain word -LRB- s -RRB- is right . Japanese Now also allows for you to practice real conversations that have real world implications . This language learning tool is irreplacable to me and I would recomend it over any of the other language learning software .
 Japanese Now is really good software to learn Japanese with . It is very helpful and I recomend it . This software offers many various ways to learn or practice Japanese and all the features are great . EXCELLENT BUY !!!!!!!
 Transparent Language really has put together a great language learning program with its Language Now series , but the one I am writing about , Japanese Now , I am very fond of . This program takes a unique approach and uses immersion to teach you Japanese . It targets the important language skills of listening , speaking , reading & writing , and vocabulary & grammar . This program makes great use of technology using video , audio , and voice recognition all to help you learn and improve your language skills more efficiently . Transparent even goes to extra lengths by including additional content online such as articles in Japanese , word-of-the-day , and more to help expand and continue your learning . Japanese Now gets a 5-star rating because it brings language learning to its best for the PC .
 This program is so great !!! Not only does it allow you to learn Japanese but you can go at your own pace unlike many other ways to learn a language . My favorite feature is the interactive conversation practices which simulate a life like conversation between you and the computer . The amount of Japanese that is attainable through this is incredible . The practice games are all very fun and enjoyable . Good product and great buy overall !!!!!
 Chinese Now is an excellent program for language learning . I am more than satisfied by its effetiveness and what it has to offer as a product . I found that it has very few flaws and is for all ability level speakers . Chinese is a hard language to learn and so far this program is the best method I have found for myself . Its a 5-star program and a good buy !
 I have struggled through several introductory chinese language products , and to date this has been the most useful for conversational development . It is not a full integrated course , in that it is conversation and pinyin , but even my Chinese friends consider that a good beginning . It has an amazing collection of learning methods in an inexpensive package.Chinese is extremely difficult to start . It has taken me many hours to get get down the most basic phrases . I found this , along with the Pimsleur programs to be the most helpful .
 This software is not for the complete beginner . If you are a complete beginner , try Beginner 's Chinese by Yong Ho and/or the pricey Ultimate Mandarin Chinese -LRB- ISBN 0517708779 -RRB- instead . The software has 4 ` chapters , ' two being in the ` beginner ' level and the other two being in the ` intermediate ' level . The chapters consist of dialogues that are rendered in Pinyin only -LRB- NO Chinese characters are used -RRB- . You can listen to the dialogue and follow along with the Pinyin ; you can also click on the Pinyin and the program will display the definition of the word/character . Except for one chapter which contains Chinese survival phrases , all the other chapters are better suited for a college student of Chinese than it is for the person who is doing self-study or one who is a complete beginner . The dialogues are in fact very interesting because they explore various aspects of Chinese culture , but one would have to have one semester of college Chinese before being able to appreciate it ; after 2 semesters of college Chinese , one could probably understand 40-50 % of the dialogue without looking at the translation ; after 4 semesters -LRB- that is , two years of college Chinese -RRB- , one could understand most of the simpler dialogues , but the software is still a very good tool for developing listening skills . Overall , if you are a complete beginner , skip this software ; if you are taking college/high school Chinese , and you plan to stick with it either by taking more classes or doing serious self-study , then this software is definitely valuable as a supplement ; and I would highly recommend it.P.S . The grammar section and the Pinyin guide is so basic and lacking in substance that it is basically worthless .
 Hi I 'm an English teacher who teaches English as a Second Language -LRB- ESL -RRB- to students in China . Before starting this job I took a Madarin Chinese class and found it very hard . I got this program and using it helped me immensly . I was able to put into practice what I learned in class through this program . This provided excellent practice in pronunciation and contains a very large vocabulary section . The games and media were very good tools to practice and learn with , especially Vocabulous , my favorite game . After the class , when I was in China , I still used this program to help keep my language skills sharp and to expand my knowledge of it . Chinese Now is a very good learning program and it works .
 This program uses only pinyin - no Chinese characters - however Transparent Language has a very decent program for leaning Chinese characters called `` Power Chinese '' and even though that program teaches you only how to read and write simplified characters , the information is presented in a fun way through playing games and puzzles . One of the programs for learning how to write traditional , or rather , long form of characters is Easy Chinese Tutor -LRB- also available through amazon.com -RRB- . On the good side with Learn Chinese Now , you can click on every word separately to hear it pronounced slowly -LRB- and you can also check your own pronounciation by recording it -RRB- - when you got the word , you can click to hear an entire sentence at a normal speed or listen to an entire segment.The program does have pictures , but they are not really related to the material , so do n't expect to see people who are involved in a dialogue actually speaking to each other -LRB- as if you were watching a movie -RRB- - the only thing you 'll find here is several slides.After learning some basic words and expressions , the program leaps to an intermediate / advanced level and if this is the only program you 're using , this leap may feel too much - even though yes , you can still click to hear each word separately.The program contains as a bonus CD - Unitype , which has two programs Global Office and Global Writer . Global Office will expire after about 15 days , and you 'll have to actually purchase to continue using it ; Global Writer will still be functional and you can use it to write / type Chinese characters - although I personally much prefer NJStar . In order to use these programs to type Chinese characters , you input characters in pinyin , but you still have to know how the character you desire to use looks like in Chinese , since you 'll be offered a selection of characters which are all written in the same way in pinyin -LRB- without the use of tonal accents -RRB- .
 I picked up version 8 of this at a store . The box said it works with Mac OS 8 and up , but did not specify OS X. I was pleasantly surprised to see that it was a native application -LRB- carbonised -RRB- for OS X , so I did not have to run it inside of the Classic environment , like I do with a couple other chinese apps I have . So that is one big plus for it.I find that it is a very good supplement to my college text book and other chinese apps . No one app -LRB- or book -RRB- can be the best at everything , but this comes pretty close . Not great at learning characters , the strength was in learning PinYin and vocabulary . This is version 8.1 I 'm talking about , not version 9 .
 This is an amazing software.I can enhance my vocabruary and correct my pronounciation through recording my voice and compare with the native pronounciatin on the PC . This is very helpful to learn new language . And also , my version came with bonus CD which includes multiple languages word processor.Considering the price , this has very high cost performance and I strongly recommend this software to lean Chinese .
 Wow , this package is really hard . If you are a beginner , stay away . This package is a lot harder than Ultimate Mandarin . I consider myself intermediate , but this package blew me away . Anyway , other package like Rosetta stone chinese is pretty ... . VocabuLearn is also a lot ... . This package has tons of vocabulary which is much better than VocabuLearn Chinese . This package is much better than in a chinese classroom because you can listen one word by one word for pronunciation . Anyway , ChineseNow is very similar to a classroom experience , except that their vocabularies and sentences are very very difficult . If transparentlanguage company uses easy vocabularies with the same effort , I think they will be much more successful . Why ? Because in ChineseNow , they worked very hard and put a lot of effort in producing this CD , but I just think that they are targetting the wrong audience . For me , after one year of Conversation Mandarin , I am starting on Ultimate Mandarin which this will cost me another year . Then , I will attack this ChineseNow CD again . This ChineseNow is one serious material , just too hard ...
 This was hard to find product -LRB- company changed direction -RRB- . Glad I was able to get it . Product -LRB- opened box -RRB- was as advertised and service was fast .
 I was happily surpirsed with the ease of use and throughness of this software . Includes conversational Hebrew with animated scenes , Israeli culture and geography.Terrific as preparation for a trip to Israel .
 Spanish Now is the best language learning software out there for Spanish right now . I 've tried many of the other ones and found this one to be the best . Their games , videos , audio and content top anything else out there . They do n't over emphasize anyone part of learning Spanish so it makes for a very well rounded educational product . My adivce to you is buy this if you are looking to learn Spanish for any reason .
 This is probably the best language skill software ever ! That is all I can say
 I own version 7 of Learn Spanish Now . I bought it a couple of years ago and did n't get into it right away . Now that I am sitting down and using it , I am very impressed . The basis of the program is spoken dialog that also appears on the screen as text . Every single word in the dialogs is hypertexted so that you get its definition , its part of speach , and how it is being used in that context . You can have entire lessons read through , you can go sentence by sentence , or you can go word by word . And you can slow down the pronunciation so it is more easily understood . And as you go , each sentence is translated in a separate box which you can hide if you want to . There are many more features , but this is the basis of it . It is an excellent program .
 With this product I have improved dramastically with my spanish accent . I would recommend this to anyone who is serious about learning Spanish . Have fun !
 I was skeptical at first , but once I got to using Spanish Now I was very impressed . I decided to buy this because I was taking a trip to South America -LRB- where a great deal of the population speaks Spanish -RRB- and needed to practice Spanish for the trip . I had n't taken any Spanish classes since college so I was quite rusty but this program helped me a lot . I was able to dive right in and review vocabulary , practice conversations for various situations , work on my pronunciation , learn grammar , ect . I was very impressed with the great amount of depth offered making this program ideal for begineers or more advanced speakers . Spanish Now also makes great use of available technology by integrating video and audio together in various parts of the program which effectively adds some realism . My impression of this product is that it is well worth the buy leading me to give it the 5 star rating it deserves .
 I work as a border guard at a USA-Mexico border stop and let me tell you that Spanish Now has helped my Spanish speaking skills a lot while helping to give me a valuable job skill . Before I picked this product up I spoke Spanish on a very limited begining level . Spanish Now enabled me to work on several aspects of my language learning . With the very good audio features my pronunciation and interpretation of Spanish improved greatly . The amount of vocabulary I was able to learn from Spanish Now was astonishing . The games made for good practice and review of the various lessons/knowledge obtained from the program . The conversation practice feature allowed me to develop my Spanish communication skills with life like practice . The overall performance of this program surprised me and I highly recomend it .
 I love this product . It worked really well in helping me learn Spanish and it was entertaining . I recomend it to anyone who is tryig to learn Spanish .
 I work as a border guard at a USA-Mexico border stop and let me tell you that Spanish Now has helped my Spanish speaking skills a lot while helping to give me a valuable job skill . Before I picked this product up I spoke Spanish on a very limited begining level . Spanish Now enabled me to work on several aspects of my language learning . With the very good audio features my pronunciation and interpretation of Spanish improved greatly . The amount of vocabulary I was able to learn from Spanish Now was astonishing . The games made for good practice and review of the various lessons/knowledge obtained from the program . The conversation practice feature allowed me to develop my Spanish communication skills with life like practice . The overall performance of this program surprised me and I highly recomend it .
 After getting the hang of this product I can highly recommend it . I expected a linear series of lessons , like an animated textbook , and so I was slightly bewildered by this program at first . A little experimentation , however , soon yields great results.What you get is 4 `` titles '' , multimedia chapters of a few thousand words each consisting of text and some video -LRB- two titles are entirely video based -RRB- . Basically , it 's up to you to make your way through this content at your own pace . The software makes this very easy since each word and sentence is playable individually , pronounced in a clear voice -LRB- separate from the video soundtrack -RRB- , and is playable at multiple speeds . The meaning of each word and sentence is displayed at the bottom as you read or play it , along with a grammatical breakdown . This line-by-line reading and viewing is the core of the program . The quality of the video is excellent - interesting and humorous -LRB- Andr&eacute;s visits Spain , Puerto Rico and Colombia clumsily filming advertisements -RRB- . Once you 've made your way though a title -LRB- or a section within a title -RRB- , you can then move on to the other activities - crosswords and 7 other games and exercises , generated dynamically from the sections you are comfortable with . The dynamic nature of the activities gives them almost infinite reusability and they are almost addictive . After completing a section I look forward to the games as a fun test.After that , you can use the pronunciation tools . The software analyses your voice in a variety of ways , but I do n't put too much stock in it except as an good way to get you to record and listen to yourself.Finally a few extra tools allow you to keep custom lists of words to learn , make grammatical notes , etc. . These lists can be imported into an accompanying flashcard program . My only complain is that you can -LRB- no longer ? -RRB- export the lists as text for use elsewhere - what gives?Overall I 'm pleased with this purchase - and I 've tried the competition . My only caveat is this software is probably not suited for the rank beginner , a basic grounding in the grammar and vocabulary would make this program more productive for you . They do not make this clear on the packaging , though .
 While it does n't have the photos or pictures as some other programs do , the process of learning the language and the interface are the best!The speach recognition is better than Rosetta Stone . And that is saying a lot because Rosetta Stone is another great program . The age on the package reads 12 to adult but my 9yo loves it . Some kids do n't require pictures or `` fuff '' to learn.I 'm looking forward to buying other languages from this company ! You can actually participate in conversions.I do have to say , though , it does take a little time to figure out where to start in the program . BUT you must read the help section ! It really ... helps . :-RRB- Once you understand how to work the program ... it 's great !
 Spanish NOW is very well done and complete . It is loaded with tons of content and things to do to learn Spanish . There are too many good features to list but let me tell you my favorite ones . I really like the fact that Transparent Language used native speakers of Spanish so the pronunciations are all very accurate . Tying in with this is a feature that allows you to match your pronunciation with a native 's pronunciation to see how correct it is . Another feature that I really liked -LRB- and one a lot of other language learning programs leave out -RRB- is a Grammar Tutorial which will teach you the rules of the language . This product does an amazing job with ways to practice the language . There are many games/activites that really do a good job in helping you review -LRB- my favorites were Vocabulous , Crosswords , Verb Quest and Plug N Play reading game -RRB- . Starting here for learning Spanish is my recomendation for anyone looking to do so . Spanish NOW has a lot to offer and as i said before it is very well done .
 The good side of this program is that you can click on each word separately to hear it pronounced slowly and then you can click on the entire sentence to hear it spoken at a normal speed.After going through the section with some essential words and phrases , there is a leap to dialogues and also to the language which moves to intermediate / advanced level . If you already speak Spanish , but your Spanish got a little bit rusty , this may be a fun way to review it . If you 're just beginning to learn Spanish , this may be frustrating and you will need to supplement this program with other more solid books both related to language and grammar.On a side note , Transparent Language has additional CDs as add-ons to this program , which as far as I know are only available through their website . Add-ons deal with different applications of language - for business , travel , entertainment , literature , etc. . There is a CD with a movie and it 's old , old , old and not all that engaging . You may be better off just getting regular DVDs with Spanish tracks -LRB- the translations may be sometimes off , but it 's much cheaper way to get used to spoken language -RRB- . The only benefit of these add-ons is that you can click on each word separately to hear it first pronounced slowly as many times as you need to and then listen to the entire sentence or entire segment .
 This software is not as bad as other reviewers have said . It might be a little difficult for a complete beginner to get started with but certainly not impossible . The interface takes a little getting used to but it 's not that bad . I figured it out without using any help files . It may not be the most dazzling and exciting Spanish software available , but there is a large amount of info in it and it 's worth the money . I do n't know if I 'll ever learn everything that is in this package .
 I like this program for its onboard pronunciation section available in almost all parts of the program . While wearing headphones with a microphone , one can hear a native speaker say a word or phrase , say it yourself , and have it immediately compared with a graphic display and analog meter for pronunciation accuracy . It 's really great . One may also repeat the native speaker , your own voice , and the native speaker again . Great for self comparison . There are both male and female native speakers.Immediate definition and part of speech for any word clicked on , phrase translation , the ability to have the native speaker say the phrase at normal speed or slowly as many times as one wants , and interesting facts about the language included in the practice essays are several other goodies.I would like to see an on board dictionary . One should have a good understanding of parts of speech before beginning . A standard Spanish language textbook to facilitate learning grammar may be helpful with this program .
 in response to the last person , I think you should buy it . I am . Because it 's a trusty program and its SOOO hard to find good swedish resources anywhere .
 I purchased the Topo 3D USA and was amazed at the detailing of the contours and elevations . Although it is 2005 the topo may miss some of the newly created trailing , it definately shows all original contours , cliffs , etc. . I think it was a good buy for me to use with the original Explorist 600 . .
 I have used several LanguageNow courses and I like them . However , reviews for these courses seem to be all over the place , so I thought it might be helpful to describe what they are and what they are n't . The CD always has at least four parts . 1 -RRB- The first section teaches common words in sample sentences and dialogues . 2 -RRB- The second section teaches survival phrases . 3 -RRB- Other sections are monologues on travel and culture , or are stories full of dialogues . These sections are more difficult than the first two.Everything you hear is written on the screen . You can stop and start anyplace and at any time . You can listen to one sentence a hundred times if you want . You can listen to a slowed down version . You can click on a word at any time for a translation into English . When ready , you can go to the games section and practice what you have learned . I really like the games section , as it really reinforces what I am learning without wearing me out.Beware ! The courses do n't teach grammar , but they still work well if you buy a simple grammar reference . The courses do teach vocabulary , and how to speak and listen . I know several languages and find that I learn more quickly if I focus on communication and just check on a grammar point now and then . This company also has `` add-on-titles '' which are good if you want to become near fluent even without much real life practice . If you are a complete beginner , you might find these courses frustrating . If you have some background or know a related language , these courses really work well .
 I received my copy of this new product today . First impression is very positive . I have bought most all the CD-based products for German and this one is way ahead of the rest . For my money , the others are toys with no depth at all . What makes this one effective for language learning is a design and technology that makes use of concurrent inputs
 I started out with `` Learn German Now 9.0 '' when it was still called `` German Now 5.0 '' , and I 've purchased various versions with other languages -LRB- Dutch 7.0 , French 5.0 , Latin 8.0 , Italian 6.0 , Spanish 9.0 -RRB- . I think this product is best suited for someone with some knowledge of the foreign language already -LRB- even a very basic knowledge -RRB- , and/or someone who 's already living someplace where the studied language is spoken a fair amount.This software basically gives you a written passage , story , dialogue or whatever ; a means to listen to that passage , story or dialogue spoken by a native -LRB- some titles are actually text to a TV show or news program and accompanied by the video of the show -RRB- ; and a translation of each word while identifying what part of speech it is , as well as an overall meaning for each of the sentences . Very nice ... Both the Dutch and German packages helped immensely . Before I started using them , my knowledge of German was decent , and my Dutch was notch or two below that . After buying a few more advanced German modules -LRB- you can buy additional titles , stories , etc for each language -RRB- , I definitely saw an increase in comprehension . The Dutch I ended up using in conjunction with another book , and it did an awesome job at better training my ear . The only language I 've started entirely from scratch -LRB- had n't studied it before I got the software -RRB- is French . So far , I 'm impressed . Of all the other `` learn French '' books , CDs and software I have , this is definitely the best . Of course living in a French-speaking country has probably given me the impetus to use it more than I would were I still living back in the states -LRB- which is where I bought the `` French Now '' long before I moved back to Europe -RRB- . As for the Latin , Italian and Spanish , well , I basically bought them to just learn a bit more about Latin/Romance languages . Really never intended to learn those languages -LRB- and therefore have n't really tried -RRB- unless of course I move someplace where it would help ... Lastly , if you can find old versions of the software , consider buying it used . There 's not a DRASTIC difference between the old and newer versions , and some of the later versions even use the exact same data , sound , and video files .
 This product is good for learning and practicing the German Language . As an American businessman working for Volkswagen/BMW , a German car company , learning German seemed like a good idea since I took frequent business trips to Germany . I started with a class but soon started looking for alternatives . I picked up German Now and found that using it helped a lot . It focused on the language skills of listening , speaking , reading & writing , and vocabulary & grammar . The programs ability to say many of the words through audio allows you to recognize and pronounce words better . The Plug-n-Play game , along with others , helps to teach you to read and spell German . I highly recomend this product if you want to learn a new language or use it to help you in a language class . It has numerous games , activities and videos . The content is just endless and it works .
 Im a german soldier here in the US . I bought this program for my american neighbour . Today i checked this software out and I can say it 's very cool stuff . I wish I can buy the same for my wife and me to make it so easy to get a new language .
 I am very surprised at how good German Now really is . This software makes very good use of what a computer has to offer and has a great method by which to learn the German language . I really liked the review games , conversation practices and the voice recognition features . I think that it is incredible that this software will let you hear every word in German and you can even slow it down to help you with your pronunciation . Overall this program is put together well , does what it is meant to do and is just plain good .
 I really enjoy using this program and I highly recommend it . This program has very good conversational skill levels . You practice speaking and it rates your pronunciation . It helps you to improve your listening skills as well . It has word games , grammar tools and vocabulary building . The real life videos are average . However , it would be difficult to use this program unless you have learned some grammar . I recommend this program to all intermediate french learners .
 Once installed , at first looks , you may start to wonder as to where is all the vocabulary . But believe me as soon as you go into the individual modules , you will find all the vocabulary . And things like the screen saver help a lot too . Just watching the screen saver I have found so many new words and sentences even . Definitely much better than most courses . I was planning on going to a school for French but seems that now I do n't need it : -RRB-
 1 . You can click and hear almost all the French words in this software . And it shows the meaning of the word and a little bit of grammar at the same time too .2 . The pronounciation is very clear .3 . Adequate and very good convasation and listening sourse .4 . Lots of activities to keep you learning - and they are all interesting ! 5 . BUT not enough grammars . . If you are bigginer with no French grammars , this software can be a bit hard.But overall , this software is the best language learning software I 've ever used and I strongly recommend it .
 The good side of this program is that you can click on each word separately to hear it pronounced slowly and then you can click on the entire sentence to hear it spoken at a normal speed.After going through the section with some essential words and phrases , there is a leap to dialogues and also to the language which moves to intermediate / advanced level . If you already speak French , but your French got a little bit rusty , this may be a fun way to review it . If you 're just beginning to learn French , this may be frustrating and you will need to supplement this program with other more solid books both related to language and grammar.On a side note , Transparent Language has additional CDs as add-ons to this program , which as far as I know are only available through their website . Add-ons deal with different applications of language - for business , travel , entertainment , literature , etc. . One CD , for example will take you on a tour through Paris.It is definitely much cheaper just renting or buying French movies and the only benefit from getting these add-ons is that you can click on each word separately and hear words pronounced slowly as many times as you need to , and then you can click on the entire sentence , or let the entire video excerpt play .
 For a beginner , this might be a bit imposing . I would suggest the beginner use a simple , structured exercise book in conjunction with this , as this program is n't structured at all . The intermediate or advanced speaker can dive right in , although I 'd suggest getting some of the add-ons , as well . I have n't seen them on Amazon yet , but you can get them from this company directly . You can go through great works of literature or television segments or travelogues to build comprehension , vocabulary , etc. . I 'd also recommend this company 's WordAce , which is a talking dictionary , but also contains grammar and synonym quizzes . Great fun . There are a couple of minor glitches to be ironed out still . Occasionally the software seems to get stuck on a word and you 'll have to cancel out of a quiz and restart , but overall , I could n't be happier with the software .
 I had to brush up on my French for my Ph.D. language proficiency exams . I was dreading the whole thing until someone gave me a copy of FrenchNow ! The program was easy to install , easy to use , very enjoyable and , most importantly , very effective . Within a few weeks , I found all of that French I 'd forgotten after high school coming back . I 've tried other language software in the past , but none of it has been as engrossing or as effective as this .
 This product helped me so much in learning French . This last semester of college I took a French Language class and this product provided immense support and practice . With French Now I was able to go into the program and practice what I had just learned in class that day with games and more . The program is easy to use and effective as a learning tool . Furthermore , the interactive aspects of French Now enabled me to hear proper French and learn the correct pronunciation . This fall I am going to study abroad in Paris and thanks to this product I will be able to keep practicing and learning French till then .
 1 -RRB- This is the most powerful and wonderful learning tool I have ever seen . You can click on the words to get better punctuation .2 -RRB- You can view what you are speaking . The pictures are good and speak directly from your word text .3 -RRB- You are able to read it in english and read and hear in french at once . And see it . Which allows easy memory of what you are saying .4 -RRB- Easy installation and offers great support and help guides .5 -RRB- You will learn quickly .6 -RRB- This is good for beginners because again it allows you to click on each word . It is even good for those who need to catch up on what they are speaking ... I believe it is a good price and worth your time and effort .
 This product is wonderful . My son loves it and showing more interest in learning the language . The section which records your voice is great as it shows you how to practice the pronounciations , and where you need improvement . The alphabet , the letters , the translation they are all great , as well as the games . This was a wonderful investment .
 French Now by Transparent Language is excellent for language learning . It gave me everything I could need to learn and practice all aspects of French . It has an Alphabet Reference , Pronunciation practice features , Grammer tutorials , thousands and thousands of vocabulary words and phrases , and many games to help practice it all . My favorite feature is the Conversation practice which has you talking back into the computer with a microphone and then the computer will tell you if you answered correctly and how well your pronunciation is . In the end , I could not be happier with this software , it does everything its supposed to and more .
 While there may be other great piano samples out there and there definitely are - possibly more interesting than these - what is amazing about the way Propellerhead implemented this is the flexibility and tone shaping possibilities . They including several mic positions for each sample - ALL of which can be raised or lowered which dramatically effects the tone in a very real world studio way . If you have experience recording , you will know what I am talking about . Mic position has a huge effect on sound . I do n't know of any other sample library that does that as effectively and intuitively as this one . The pianos overall are nice though most are too shiny and bright for my taste . Pulling back on the close mics helps that . It also obviously is meant for use with Reason and Record which makes it the `` go to '' piano library if you use those programs .
 I am very happy with the soft wear . It is real easy to use .
 I found this software to be extremely user friendly . I wanted to create a will on my own and I found this software to be the perfect tool for doing so . Within a half an hour I had a will created .
 I can finally understand electronic theory ! This is the best way ever to actually understand what is going on in an electronic circuit . Whereas before i was only able to board swap ; i can now troubleshoot down to a component level ! Just fantastic ! Six stars !
 this program is so neat . i 've redone about every room in my house-at least on paper from this program . great price and fun to do .
 I 've been using Calendar Creator to make our annual family calendars for over 5 years now -LRB- starting with CC7 -RRB- . The latest version is even easier to use with its wizards , more templates and stored pictures . More pictures are available online but usually at additional cost . I just use my own photos which is what personal calendars are all about anyway.Many of the extra features in the program such as daily events and business type annotations , I never use . The deluxe version of Calendar Creator has even more extras that to me does n't warrant the additional expense.Overall this is a great way to make personalized calendars .
 Finale 2004 is , by far , the best music notation software available . I have been using Finale since version 3.0 and I can easily say that 2004 is the biggest upgrade that I have seen for any notation software . I have tried Sibelius and some other so-called alternatives , but none of them have yet been able to catch up to the technological advancements of Finale.I have a full-time job making engravings for composers , college professors , orchestras , choirs , independent music teachers , and their students . I also like to work on my personal compositions and arrangements when I have the time . Finale 2004 is the only tool that I currently use . I am surprised how many musicians there are that either
 You will not learn Finale in a short time . It is an extensive program with many features . But , Makemusic has provided many flash tutorials to make the learning curve a lot less steep.I have been a Finale user for 15 years ! Makemusic listens to people 's suggestions and includes them in each upgrade.I find Finale a little cumbersome in some areas but in some other areas is is nothing short of amazing.The forum on their website has many friendly , knowledgeable people always eager to help newbies and Finale veterans if you have a question you just ca n't figure out by yourself.Once you invest some time in the program you will be astounded how simple some things are . It inspires me to write music because it can play anything you can write flawlessly . Also , it is a great way to do raw sequence and then import it into a dedicated sequencing program for fine-tuning . Anyone that does n't like the program has not put any time into learning it . If you invest some time you will reap the benefits!It does need some work in some areas . I do n't like the current method of chord entry . But , it may be fixed in the next release . Also , there are a few little annoyances that have lingered forever and still need fixing.As long as Makemusic continues to listen to their customers , Finale has the potential of always being the best . In the mean time I write music all the time and really enjoy using the program!Davemorehead.com - web siteDave@Davemorehead.com-email
 I 'm a novice at using notation software , and I 've found Finale to be very easy to use ! I just sat down and got started , and within moments was successfully creating music and having fun . I may not be a professional engraver , but my needs were many , somewhat unusual , quite specific , and I 'm VERY particular . Even if I did n't immediately find what I needed , it did n't take long once I turned to the thorough on-screen guide . The one time I did seek assistance from Finale support , the guidance I received was fast , thoroughly helpful , and completely professional . I 'm VERY pleased with this product !
 I began my odyssey of music composing as a high school choir student last year . We had just received a generous donation of 4 Korg synthesizers , 4 iMacs , and a copy of the new music software , Sibelius 2 . Using Sibelius , I composed a 4-part choral arrangement of a national anthem in about 3 weeks , punching out finer details and adding everything necessary to perform it . Our choir performed it that winter . After the show , the school band director approached me and explained to me how he knew that I had composed it on Sibelius . He handed me a box which contained Finale 2003 and I was off like a rocket.Now , a year later , I am composing with the new Finale 2004 . I have been able to expand that national anthem into 8 separate arrangements , for full orchestra , concert choir , jazz band , and others . My current project is composing a show for my high school 's marching band , and with the new stuff that was n't on Finale ' 03 , I anticipate I will get it done a heck of a lot faster . Finale '04 has even better editing and arranging capabilities to already complement the quickness of the Simple Edit feature . Not owning a synthesizer myself , I have found the usually tedious process of entering notes one by one to be much easier now that I can enter them in ont he computer keyboard.Buy this software . You will compose your magnum opus with it .
 I ordered this for my sister as a b ` day present . She is `` typing challenged '' and has improved so much it is amazing . She enjoys the drills and seeing how much she is improving . Great product for any age
 I bought this for my teenage niece at her request since she used it in school . She loves it and I think it 's a wonderful tutorial .
 This program is what I first learned type on it taught me so well that in 3 days I went from not being able to type at all to typing at 20 wpm with all of the characters . This program has a great interface . I especially like it 's status tracker . Even if it was n't so cheap I would still recommend it .
 I purchased Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing 17 Standard with some apprehension . I owned Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing 12 on a previous computer , and the screen froze so many times I gave up trying to use it . So why purchase another Broderbund product?After researching other typing software , I found that every product had it 's share of complaints . I knew Mavis Beacon was very user friendly when it worked , so I gave Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing 17 the benefit of the doubt and bought it . So far I 'm very happy with it , and it 's even better than what I was hoping it would be .
 Excellent software for a beginner . I was concerned about prior reviews regarding compatibility with windows XP sp2 but installation went without a hitch . Am on my way to typing like a professional without pecking on the keyboard as I used to .
 Advantages
 I loved this version ! I learned all the keys so fast ! In fact , right now I am typing the correct way :0 ! The games are fun and they show a key board at the bottom of the screen which is very helpful !
 I love this product . I found so many cool fonts . I was looking for one used years ago but could n't find it , but I did find one that resembles what I needed . There are so many to choose from , picture fonts , elegent , artistic . If you love new fonts like me this is the product for you .
 There are some very good fonts on this cd rom . I was extremely excited about it . You will get a good deal on this if you buy this .
 I gambled on this piece of software being unable to find out ANY other -LRB- independent -RRB- information at all , other than a mention in `` Birdwatcher 's Digest '' . The program is written in MS Access and , as an Access programmer myself , it 's worth every penny . I 've spent the last couple of hours adding my own photos , making notes from the days that I remember , adding wildlife to master lists , etc. . VERY flexible !! I 'm looking forward to using this throughout the year and will add or edit my comments later.Two things
 I absolutely love this software . It is very easy to use and gives complete information about each recipe . It has so many features . One of my favorites is the recipe import assistant . It makes getting recipes from emails and web pages so easy -- no typing required !! Plus you can take pictures and add them to each recipe as well as pictures of the step by step preparations . I highly recommend this product . I have used a previous version for years and this new version is even better.It is not designed for Windows Vista but I am using it on my HP laptop with Windows Vista .
 Enter your recipes , ingredients , select your meals , print grocery lists and you have your meals organized .
 Program was very easy to install and use . There are very many good recipes included with the program , but the feature I most enjoyed was being able to add my own recipes . This was a very straight forward procedure , and the program calculated nutritional value for these as well .
 I was so happy to find that this program was still available . Originally I had a copy that I used with an older Macintosh computer and now I use it with a newer PC . The program has allowed me to create a cookbook especially for recipes that help me control my diabetes . The nutritional analysis is one of the best features . I 've also created a &#34; Family Favorite &#34; cookbook that will be passed on to my kids .
 This is the second or third version of MasterCook I have purchased for my wife . It is easy to install and easy to use .
 I do like this program . I have it set up on my laptop and use it in addition to looking up recipes on the internet . I have this available in my kitchen 24 hours a day and it 's so easy to use even my 9 year old used this program for cooking .
 This is a CD Rom . I really like that the software is not limited to one time install like a few others on the market . The recipes are accurate and it also allows you to place a few of your own in .
 Program was as presented , new , worked and loaded fine and have uploaded many recipes for family cookbook . Thank you , Lee
 I love how it has a ton of recipes , more than ever . I like that I can find recipes for the diet I am currently following ... low fat , low carb etc.The instructional videos are very helpful for complicated instructions .
 This is an excellent tool for anyone who loves to cook and wants to keep track of nutritional information . I love the shopping list feature and the ability to import and export recipes !
 This is a great , inexpensive and very userfriendly recipe program with lots of extras . I have been using it in a professional environment for the past 5 years and every chef i worked with is now using it .
 Highly recommend it . Recipes are easily recorded . The Search feature is fast and efficient
 This is great software ... I love being able to search different things , creating menus and printing out my grocery list from that menu . I love it !!
 This is one of the most usefull products in my arsenal . I love it .
 I bought this product because the original Sierra On Line version would n't work on more modern versions of Windows . This product will at least work on versions through Windows XP . It recognized and uses recipes developed under the older versions and saved a lot of keying . Perhaps the most useful feature is the nutritional analysis of recipes in their and your files .
 I needed something to help me with my many recipes . This is just what I was looking for . It is easy to install and the tutorial helps you learn how to use it . I also love the feature when you enter your recipe and then you can see what the nutritional value is of that recipe . I would highly recommend this program .
 This is the third edition of this program that I have had . I had to replace my last one when I recently got a new computer with Vista and my old program did n't work with it . Although the packaging does n't list Vista compatability , and the manufacturer said it would not work with Vista , I had no trouble installing it and transferring all my recipes in my old cookbook over into it . I use this program mostly for storing my own recipes in my own cookbooks , and it is great . I 've already recommended it to friends and caterers and chefs I work with . And it 's even less than half the price of what it was 10 years ago . Definitely worth the money ! Enjoy !!
 I have had previous versions of this cookbook and this latest version is very good . I like the ability to email my friends recipes and they reciprocate . I also like the ability to scale recipes to fit the number of servings I need .
 I had an older version of this product and loved it for keeping recipes that I enjoy cooking . This upgrade is much better than the previous version . I am always clipping recipes and use this program to save the `` keepers '' as well as family recipes that have been passed down for years . Very easy to enter recipes and search is easy too . Very good value for the modest cost .
 We got this software to produce a family oookbook , but we 've used it for so much more now . It comes with tons of recipes . The few we have used so far have been good . It has been easy to enter in our family recipes in our own cookbook . We 've also used the software to analyze the nutritional content of our recipes to suggest ways to make dishes healthier . It can scale recipes so if you need only to fix two portions rather than the four the recipe makes , you can do so without fear of bad math messing up the dish . It can also allow you to track a meal plan and link the recipes you 'll need for those meals . Based on your meal plan it will generate a grocery list too . We love this function ! It saves me so much time in planning my grocery trip for the week .
 I was given 6.0 as a gift 4 years ago and thought it could n't get better . Then I updated to 9.0 and it got even better . I do n't honestly use the cookbook sources provided with the software . I only use it to keep and retrieve my own favorite recipes . I find holiday and entertainment meal planning and shopping lists a breeze with the use of their ` menu ' planning tool and automatic shopping list created from the recipes I simply click into the ` menu . ' Recently I came across my old notebook stuffed with clipped recipes from years of magazine collections and realized how invaluable MasterCook software is in my life . I only input my personal favorites which now consist of over 125 recipes . The result is a cookbook I do n't want to ever be without -LRB- sort of ` my ' kitchen legacy -RRB- . I especially appreciate the ease of inputting my personal notes from each preparation -LRB- and the names of guests I prepared it for -RRB- . When a friend asks for a copy of my recipe it 's a simple task to forward or print it .
 I have been using Mastercook since version 2 . Even though it has n't been improved for years it ` st still the best of the bunch . Its interface is not window-like but actually very usable and nice-looking . I love the bookcover representation of each cookbook . I make my own cover w / photoshop , and you can find free covers on the web too . Searching and meal planning is really easy . You can insert a picture for each step of the direction too . Overall it has just about any feature you can think of for a cookbook , and there are tons of recipes on the internet that 's in Mastercook format.About Vista compatibility - I have vista and it works . There 's a website that tells you exactly how to do that -LRB- google it for Mastercook and Vista -RRB- . For the IE web import bar to work you must run IE as an administrator . I also use a free program called Tweak-UAC to turn off the annoying Vista prompt whenever I start Mastercook.Now the bad things - it does n't support unicode so I can not enter any recipes in Chinese or any other language . This is not a problem for most people though . The ingredient database can not be updated -LRB- you CAN add your own ingredients there but it would be nice to automatically update to the newest USDA database . The rumor also suggest that ValueSoft wo n't make further improvement to this software anymore , which is a shame . Even the best software fades out after a long time if it 's not kept up -LRB- remember WordPerfect for Dos ? -RRB- . It would also be nice if it can export shopping list to modern handhelds such as the iphone , ipod , and all smartphones .
 The Web Icon -LRB- for direct import from the internet -RRB- is worth the price of the software
 I have been using MasterCook for years -LRB- back from when Sierra still owned the title -RRB- . It is easy to use with a simple user interface . Recipes are easy to enter , organize , and find.One of the best features is the integration with Internet Explorer . This features lets you highlight a recipie on a web page and have it imported into MasterCook . I find a lot of recipes on -LSB- ... -RSB- . When there is one I like it is easy to added it to MasterCook.Another nice feature is the ability to email a recipe directly from MasterCook . I have people asking for recipes all the time , this makes it easy to share.So if you are looking for a program to organize your recipes or one to save recipes you find on the internet MasterCook is a great choice . -LRB- PS Do n't forget to backup your recipes on to another storage device ! MasterCook makes that simple too . -RRB-
 If I could be 1/4 of the cook my daughter-in-law is I would be awsome ! She uses this to it 's full ability . Making menu 's out in advance , using the software to generate a shopping list , typing her own recipe 's in and printing recipes from the software for her counter as she cooks , as well as meal planning for a whole week.I personally have used two older versions of this software and this version brings all the recipe 's from many other software versions . I love it , she does too and I would highly recommend it to a beginner or a gourmet ! I ca n't praise it enough . It was a great purchase and a wonderful price .
 This is a really useful peice of software . I love to cook and am always trying out new receipes from magazines , friends , etc. and end up with numerous scraps of paper cluttering my desk , kitchen counters and cookbooks . Master Cook Deluxe allows me to add all of that information into their software . You can import receipes from the internet or something stored on your computer . You can scale it for differing numbers of people , it gives a nutritional analysis of a dish and , among other things , create a pantry and/or shopping list for a receipe.It is n't a pretty or fancy program , but is very practical and easy to use and for me , was very cost-effective .
 This is a very good piece of software to help people with special dietary needs keep track of the ingredients in their food . Not only does it track the ingredients , but it also prints a grocery list for each dish . I am still learning all the things this program will do .
 Aside from the vast library of recipes , shopping and nutrition tools that this product offers , this software is great for people who have family recipes , who like to invent their own dishes or re-invent them . You can produce a cookbook with all of those beloved recipes and it can include the nutritional value as well -LRB- Watch out , you will find out just how loaded with fat and calories mom 's home cooking really was -RRB- . I also like that you can recalculate the portion size of the recipes and it will recalculate your shopping list.The only reason that I give it a 4 and not a 5 is because it 's not a beautifully designed interface . You are getting a lot of utility and flexibility here in exchange though.If you are kind of a techie , you should consider this software a 5 . It 's very flexible in terms of it 's architecture and database set up .
 This program can organize all aspects of working in the kitchen . It provides nutritional information on all your recipes , keeps track of what 's in your pantry , tells you what you can make with what you have on hand , and helps prepare a shopping list.Also , it allows you to make your own cookbooks from your personal recipes.It has the ability to enable you to scale recipes to your own needs.The only negative side is the introduction to the various functions of the program is lacking .
 I am a personal Chef and this product has made costing and menu planning a breeze . Thank you !
 I have purchase the past 3 version of this software for my wife and every time we get an upgrade the software just gets better and better . I really appreaciate when software companies actually do their homework to determine what will make a software better for the enduser . They have done it with this product . Keep up the great work .
 I upgraded from Mastercook 4 . This version is considerably better . Converting my old files was easy . I really like the ease of copying web recipes . Makes surfing for recipes more fun and you can paste in pictures .
 I have used Master Cook software for years and I love it . However , I recently purchased a new computer with Vista operating system . I have spent a great deal of time trying to get Master Cook 9 to work as designed with Vista . Although there are problems , the basic function of Master Cook is still good . The help function does not work without a patch and I have not been able to get the web import function to work . If you have an earlier version of Master Cook and have or plan to get Vista , do n't bother . That said , I do n't think I could cook or plan meals without Master Cook . My favorite recipes are in Master Cook and I am constantly finding new recipes online to import . Master Cook makes cooking more fun . Alas , if it was only more compatable with Vista .
 I have -LRB- literally -RRB- hundreds of paper cookbooks . I 've also tried numerous programs that `` aspire '' to be MasterCook . Perhaps I 'm biased because I 've used the program since version 4 . What I 've found most useful about this program is the ability to import most anything from the web . The other great thing is that there are a bunch of other people out there that are creating cookbooks in this format for you to use `` FOR FREE '' !!!!! Find some great archives at MAD 'S EMPORIUM.This is probably the best deal on software for cooking . When you learn how to use the search , you 'll wonder how you ever did without it.No , I do n't work for Sierra or whoever makes this . I 'm just tired of hearing people downplay it for some of the higher priced ` shareware ' programs that some people feel they need to hype.One more thing ; this software will run on just about anything that 's still running these days , all the way back to a P90 . How about that!UPDATE 9/3/2008Just to clarify something , when I said it would run on anything , I was referring to any hardware running a 32-bit Windows operating system . That could be the problem that people are having with this program ; it was designed for a 32-bit operating system . From what I 've heard , a lot of programs like this will tell you if it wo n't when you try to install it into Vista . I do n't know if this is a Vista function or something that the software is supposed to do . I have not yet tried it on Vista . It 's not because I do n't want to , but because I still ca n't justify getting rid of XP Pro Media Edition . If , and when , I do decide to make the jump to Vista , I 'll update this review accordingly .
 Overall , this product is terrific . It has a number of great and imaginative recipes . It allows you to add your own , too . But I was looking forward to using this software with my Palm Z22 with Palm OS 5.x . Well , MasterCook supports Palm OS 3.5 and 4.x , but not 5.x . One other thing I kind of dislike is that the interface appears to be HTML-based and not very elegant . Inputting your own recipes is a bit clunky . Also , the underlying database allows any inputs for measurements . This will present some inconsistencies with `` Merge Like Items '' in your Shopping Lists when you have 8 oz water in one place and 1 cup in another.But what are you expecting for a single Jackson , anyway ?
 I just bought MasterCook 9 as an upgrade to the version 5 . I was not sure that I needed the upgrade , but went ahead anyway . I am very pleased with the new version . The recipes and the cookbooks are more up to date to today 's way of cooking . One thing I was concerned about was merging my 4 personal cookbooks over . It went very smoothly . I merged all of the cookbooks over and thought I would delete the ones I did not need . I would recomend this software to everyone who wants to organize their personal recipes .
 I love Mastercook and have had 2 earlier versions , but when we had problems installing the new version on a new computer and transporting on files over , we were told they do n't support Vista . We eventually got the files converted but would have appreciated support doing it .
 I have used Mastercook programs for years but have found the recent versions to be a bit awkward to navigate . Version 9 is an improvement with some nice added features . I especially like the web import tool . It was a little difficult to find it and get it working with Internet Explorer , but well worth the trouble . Once you open the tool in IE you simply highlight portions of an online recipe , mark what the text is -LRB- title , instructions , picture , etc -RRB- and then import directly to Mastercook . I love this new feature . If you have an older version , it is worth upgrading . If you have never tried Mastercook and are looking for recipe software , this version is a good one for the price . It comes with many recipes and you can easily add your own or collect new ones online !
 I 've been a loyal user of Mastercook through a total of 5 different versions . I 've loved each version because they fitted what I need.I was excited about Mastercook 9 's newest add-on and it 's so easy to add recipes now . However , I do n't use internet explorer so it 'd be very helpful if they included an add-on for netscape and firefox .
 Bought this on recommendation from a friend . It is a great Access database-like program . Has a few buggy things about it . For example , the shopping list will combine like items with like measurements but wo n't combine 1 pound butter with 2 cups butter . Could have been more thought put into the user interface . Ca n't print from File > Print . Have to first edit print design to select new output format .
 I mainly purchased this to input my own recipes and create shopping lists . Now I have cut my shopping time in HALF . Yes , what used to take an hour , now only takes 30 minutes . I shop every 2 weeks for my staples , and shop every 1 or 2 days to pick up what I need for dinner . So I got very organized with MasterCook . I have one big list for my staples , one big list for the every day stuff like milk , bread , snacks . Then I make little lists for my dinner recipes . Before I go shopping I just merge the lists together for one master print out . Also , -LRB- and this is kind of geeky -RRB- I was able to edit the ingredients database and change the store location to match the grocery store layout where I shop . Now my lists print out in the exact order that the store is laid out , with the aisle numbers printed . Did you ever go shopping and get to aisle 12 and realize you forgot an item on aisle 3 ? I used to do that several times each trip . I also wasted time searching down wrong aisles for things . Now my list is so organized I never forget things , and that 's why I 've cut my shopping time in half . Since I have to drag a toddler with me to the store , I 'm grateful to be able to zip through the aisles so quickly . In conclusion I would have rated this a 5 on usefulness of the shopping feature , but it was a little complicated to learn the features so I give it 4 . Aside
 We got this software to produce a family oookbook , but we 've used it for so much more now . It comes with tons of recipes . The few we have used so far have been good . It has been easy to enter in our family recipes in our own cookbook . We 've also used the software to analyze the nutritional content of our recipes to suggest ways to make dishes healthier . It can scale recipes so if you need only to fix two portions rather than the four the recipe makes , you can do so without fear of bad math messing up the dish . It can also allow you to track a meal plan and link the recipes you 'll need for those meals . Based on your meal plan it will generate a grocery list too . We love this function ! It saves me so much time in planning my grocery trip for the week .
 I bought this software for use with my Windows XP home edition . It was easy to install , works well , and is easy to navigate , and print . Learning to edit was a little tricky , but easy once used to it . It 's all I need . With on-line help from Mastercook I was able to transfer all my old files easily from my ancient Mastercook II !
 Master cook has it all . You can find almost every kind of recipe on the data base or make your own cookbook . I have been using it for years . There is only one problem with this product . Microsoft does n't like it because I lost the ability to use MC when microsoft `` updated '' my XP version . I am now using the product -LRB- MC -RRB- on a computer not on the internet so it can remain pure with no interference from `` updates '' to XP .
 I already had this product but it got uninstalled and I really liked this product so I was very happy to find it again and reinstall it
 I am going on memory so I hope I did not forget a step
 Ca n't beat the price ! I originally bought one for myself to organize my receipes . . takes a little navigation to learn where everything goes , but I like it . Ended up buying one for my daughter in law who loves to cook and bake , hope to help her get her receipes all together as well .
 The recipient did not let me know how she liked it , but since she asked for it and did n't send it back , I gave it 5 stars .
 I love this software . It is so user friendly , everything is very intuitive . You can create your own cookbooks making it easy to keep you recipes organized . Additionally , the search feature helps you look for your recipes
 I bought this software for my mother to organize her recipes . The software is pretty good , especially for the price , but the interface could be a little more intuitive .
 gr8 recipe book except number 11 - no merge i can find an have 2 use9 2 copy new recipes into . 9 lot easyer 2 back up recipes an items than 11 also .
 Im a student culinarian , I purchased this software for classes that I am taking . This software is easy to use . The recipes are very professional looking . I plan to use mastercook in the future .
 I bought this as a gift and was rewarded with a great deal of enthusiasm and appreciation ! The recipient was so pleased and excited to receive this and has reported that it exceeds his expectations .
 A very complete and capable recipe and dietary program !! It is not , however , perfect . But , if you take the time to get involved with its features , it is very good !
 This is a good program for the professional and the non pro . It offers many fun and interesting recipies as well as tips
 Wonderful program and easy to use . Many features make it verry usefull for the new cook as well as the advanced cook .
 After figuring out how to navigate the program , I am starting to organize all my recipes in one place . Since I have stuff all over this is going to be very helpful .
 This software does almost everything I want it to do . The product it produces is excellent . Its versatility is much improved from the original model I had before .
 Good all around program for recipe mamagement . Extensive data base of specific ingredients and nutritional analysis . Fun and easy to use , great interactive help and online user forum . Easy to navigate importing/exporting and lots of design possibilities for printing/publishing . Still some limitations with PDA sync .
 This is the first software cookbook I have purchased since the Micro cookbooks of the ' 90 's . Not dissapointed but also not overly impressed . Much easier to use with lots of short cuts . Not impressed with the imbedded cookbook and their recipes but I did not buy it for that . I bought it to record and store my collected recipes and it seems fine for doing that .
 I have had other versions and tried a different product when I purchased a new computer -- MISTAKE . MasterCook does everything I want it to do . Easy format and the printed recipes look great ! I am delighted to have it back on my computer . I am re-entering recipes daily . One thing I did have to do was make it compatible with Vista which I found by going online and finding MasterCook and Vista , this walked me through what I had to do before installing . It worked perfect --
 For many years MasterCook has been the e cook book in our home ! I have updated each time a new version comes out . The first experience I had with e cook books was a good one but the program I used was very time consuming and did n't have the features of MasterCook!If you want a cooking program this one is highly recommended ! It is far more than a data base for recipes . This program allows one to copy recipes from the Internet easily , and to input them to the program with ease , complete with picture of the finished dish ! There are so many great features in this program it would take a lot of time to list them all . Try it ! You 'll love it !
 I love this program ! I have always heard of Mastercook , but never thought I would use it . I do alot of internet searching for recipies , and now I do n't have to print them out . I can simply save them to Mastercook . I really like how I can plan my meals and get a shopping list . An added bonus , I did n't know about , is that I can easily transfer the recipies & shopping list to my Palm PDA ! I am very impressed with this program .
 If you have used MC before , there is n't much more to version 9 . From version 5 of Suite , it does offer internet import , which is nice . MC has many program to help . Import , export , re size all of these . It even keeps copy & paste . That was a great feature years ago , when all else failed.You can make gazillions of your own cookbooks , taking files from the books included . Why I keep using this software is that you can add your own pictures to the recipe as well as one for your cookbook.What I do n't like is that very few of their recipes has a picture of the finished dish.Also , dinner suggestions is kind of lame . But , you can set up via appetizer , entree etc & put some great meals together . As always , I 'm looking for suggestions to go with an entree.Overall buy this software . If you have used any other type before , you will like this one better . If you have n't , buy this one first & you wo n't want to use any other.For back up purposes I strongly suggest that you -LRB- as with most user files -RRB- put this into a special directory -LRB- even a separate drive -RRB- , so that you can export faster , back up & when you reformat your drive , you 'll have all of your cookbooks still intact.Now get out there & make some great meals , you know you want to .
 I have used MasterCook for years and have several hundred of my own recipe 's added . Rarely do I use it for the included cook books but instead use it for my recipes . Several months ago MasterCook 6 suddently would no longer load on my XP computer . Now that MasterCook is no longer part of Sierra there was n't much help available . As a last ditch effort I bought MasterCook 9 to see if I could salvage all of my work . With a little bit of fiddling around I was able to import all of my recipe 's from MC6 to MC9.Chef Paolo
 I got my wife a new computer and transferred MASTER COOK BOOK 4.0 in to the new computer but she could n't open it so she had to get the MASTER COOK 9.0 she think it is great .
 This is a fantastic program if you 're on a special diet such as for high cholesterol or diabetes . It is so easy to use , to add your own ingredient list with the food label `` stats '' , make substitutions in recipes and watch the affect those substitutions have on a recipe . It 's very easy to add your own recipes as well . As a newly diagnosed diabetic , this has been one of the best tools I could have found to help me manage my carbohydrate and saturated fat intake . This is the greatest .
 I had one of the original versions of Master Cook -LRB- 31/2 floppy and no spell check -RRB- . I found out that there were later versions and obtained the latest copy . I was able to upload the recipes to the newer version . A lengthy spell check process was started.As I have time I have entered my recipes into Master Cook . There were several folders and boxes of recipes I had collected . Usually by the time I found the recipe I was looking for , the event had passed . With Master Cook , can do a quick search online and find the recipe .
 I LOVE this product . I should use it more for meal planning , but it 's great no matter how you use it .
 I absolutely love this software program ! I have many old family recipes that I can enter into the `` My Cookbook '' option to update and make them healthy without changing the desired flavor or texture . You can also import recipes from your favorite internet sites .
 Having used MasterCook for many years , I am continually impressed with the many capabilities of the program . The availability of the tool to copy recipes from the Internet directly into MasterCook is wonderful . I eagerly await the next version !
 This is a great piece of software for any type of cook from beginner to advanced . You can make your own cookbooks within the program to add to for future generations . They also have a great web group on yahoo for help and suggestions . I highly recomend this product to anyone and everyone that even thinks about cooking !
 This was an excellent product , and a very reasonable price . It had everything I was looking for -LRB- i.e. ability to enter my own recipes , as well as it automatically calculated nutritional values for my recipes I entered ; I was able to download pictures for each recipe ; spell check ; categorizing , etc -RRB- .
 Fantastic product did all it claimed . I really like the fact that I can track the nutritional value of all the recipes as well as scale out the recipe . The only downfall of this product is the learning curve to using it . Most of it is intuitive , but several important features -LRB- like your personal Cookbook -RRB- was not clear to me and rather complicated . . I eventually `` got it '' by playing around , and reading online helps .
 My goal purchasing the Mastercook Deluxe was to transfer my existing recipes to the program . I find I do n't use the cookbooks given , but I mostly put in the recipes that I have . The down side is I have to manually enter the recipes rather than just transfer files . The positive side is that now my recipes are entered and I can include pictures and descriptions . There is an auto complete button that makes entering items easier . I would recommend anyone trying to organize recipes to use a computer program .
 I am very pleased with the 9th edition of MasterCook . It is nice to know it is being updated from time to time after Sierra stopped publishing it . I am also glad it can be installed using Vista . I have had MasterCook for years and have added my own cookbook of nearly 650 recipes through time . It is very easy to use . I highly recommend it .
 works just as well as the 4.0 version but found some of the directions incomplete and confusing -LRB- ie . printing out a cookbook -RRB- . And I 'm unable to find out how to print more than one recipe on one page .
 I found this updated version of the old `` cooking light '' program worth the price . It quickly analyzed any new recipe that was entered , however it took some time to figure out how to put a new recipe in . Would have been a great help to come with a pamphlet with quick start instructions . Once figured out , it is a great tool
 I 've used various versions of this product for years , and it 's great for storing and using your favorite recipes , creating shopping lists , etc. . And now I 've joined a Yahoo group of MC users who are extremely helpful in answering any questions you may have .
 I have used a computer cookbook to compile shopping lists and plan menus for the past 10 years . My old DOS based program worked great , but it had limitations ! I tried another cookbook -LRB- Cook 'N' -RRB- and just found it cumbersome and difficult to use . This one is much better . It is easy to add ingredients , and to organize shopping lists the same way the store is organized . It is easy to plan menus and add them to the shopping list . The screen for entering recipes is user friendly .
 I GOT THIS SOFTWARE AS AN XMAS GIFT FOR MY DAD . BOTH HE AND I SHARE A DEEP INTREST IN COOKING . ALL I HAVE HEARD FROM HIM ARE THAT THIS SOFTWARE HAS MANY FEATURES . MANY OF WHICH I CAN NOT REMEMBER BUT I DO THINK THAT HE TOLD ME THAT THE RECIPES CAN BE PROPORTIONED . BY THIS I MEAN THAT INSTEAD OF PREPARING SIX SERVINGS YOU CAN MAKE 2 .
 Development of the product appears to be languishing but it 's still a great product for keeping track of recipes and accumulating recipes off the web . It 's a steal for the price ! The webgrabber does not work well in Windows 7 but RecipeFox , an add-on for the FireFox browser offers greater functionality and works fine to capture recipes off the web into MasterCook . The shopping list feature could be more intelligent but is a very handy feature to lessen the anxieity of `` do I have all the ingredients I need ? '' . The abilities to search on , categorize and rate recipes is very handy.To me , tackling a printed cookbook is about as daunting as reading the Bible cover-to-cover . MasterCook is like a Google search engine , making the vast complexity of cooking accessible to searching and bookmarking in as many ways and dimensions as you 'd like . offering a personalized cooking experience and diary.EDIT -LRB- 1/18/2011 -RRB-
 This is a great product . I use it to find out the calories etc in my old favorite recipes so I can stay on track with healthy eating . Very much worth the price of the product .
 I am very happy with the product and the service . I received it quickly and in perfect condition .
 The order came as advertised and it works just the way it was supposed to . We are very happy with this product.Thanks ,
 I absolutely love this product . Works great for my family and helps me share recipes with my family members who live out of state .
 I follow a special diet , and with this software I can add my own recipes and ingredients.I have to fess up that I delete most of the good recipes it comes with after reviewing them to see if I can use them.So after `` cleaning it up '' it has become my own private recipe book , with just the recipes I can use.No spending hours looking through recipes that call for ingredients I ca n't have.I love the way it breaks down the ingredients for each recipe.I print out the breakdown on one side of the paper , turn it over , and print the recipe on the other side.It then goes into my cookbook in the kitchen.It does everything I could want.I would recommend this to anyone , but it 's really handy for anyone on a restricted diet.Love it .
 Mastercook continues to be my favorite software for ease of use , organization , and recipe search capabilities . It has been a stable product for years and continues to be improved with each version update .
 Love this product . this was an upgrade from the previous version . Great for saving those recipes you tear out of magazines or favorites from cookbooks . You can establish your own cookbook within this program and alphabetizes everything for easy recovery .
 I 've had several versions of MasterCook . It may not be the fanciest software around , but it has always done the job for me . Things I like :1 -RRB- It 's easy to `` size '' ingredients by increasing or decreasing the servings .2 -RRB- Creating cookbooks is simple . In addition to my own food recipes , I also have a cookbook for ceramic glazes , and another set up for cleaning & gardening recipes .3 -RRB- It 's simple to share cookbooks with friends who also have the software .4 -RRB- It 's reasonably priced , and dependable .
 I love this program . have some issues since putting it on my new VISTA OS , but those issues are Microsoft Vista related , not MasterCook . Easy to use and versatile .
 I purchased this for the low price -LRB- $ 7 at the time of this writing -RRB- and for the fact that it has the ability to allow me to add recipes to menus and then make a shopping list from that . The shopping list is really my primary reason for purchasing it.Overall , I 'm satisfied . It does what I need it to do with little fuss , despite the lists below . I 'm always overly nit-picky , so take what I say with a grain of salt . It 's more to let potential buyers know the full story . If I really felt angry about it , I would n't rate it with so many stars . IWhat I Like * Categories can be used in place of tags . LOVE THEM ! * Easy menu creation . * Easy shopping list creation . * Copying/pasting ingredients -LRB- via Import Assistant -RRB- is easy , so long as you understand that text MUST be highlighted to work . That 's not in the instructions and I ca n't imagine why either . * If you enter Price information on your groceries , it will give you a price estimate.Annoyances * You can not customize abbreviations . I prefer my own , thanks . * I do n't like the way you can not add a `` 2 T + 1 t '' ingredient amount . On the other hand , my workaround is to use `` 7 t '' then under `` preparation '' I put '' -LRB- 2 T + 1 t -RRB- . Still , it should allow for that . * Along the same lines you can not add 2-3 T . You can choose either `` 2 T '' or `` 3 T '' only . As a workaround for that , and to avoid my shopping list making me short handed , I pick the most amount , just in case . I 'd rather have too much than not enough . * Import Assistant does not recognize `` 1 -LRB- 15 oz -RRB- can Diced Tomatoes '' and reformats it to `` 1 can Diced Tomatoes -LRB- 15 oz -RRB- '' . I have to manually change this each and every time , but thankfully I do n't use that many cans anymore . * I am not happy with the `` Embed Recipe '' option . As an example , I do not use cream of X soup but instead I make my own . I can embed a recipe as an `` ingredient '' where it will say , `` 1 cream of X soup recipe '' . Sounds good so far because it will even add all of the cream soup ingredients to the shopping list -LRB- very helpful feature -RRB- . The problem is that if I print the recipe , it ONLY says `` 1 cream of X soup recipe '' instead of printing the whole cream soup recipe as well as the recipe it is an ingredient of . I would prefer that it attach the entire text of the embedded recipe . * The Yields should calculate what I need , for me . After all , computers are designed to do the work for us . Let me give an example . If a recipe calls for `` 1 c. banana , mashed '' and my Yields say `` 1 med banana = 1/3 c. mashed '' then my shopping list should automatically list `` 3 med bananas '' . I should n't have to do this manually , but I unfortunately do . -LRB- See Tips below -RRB- . * It is no longer supported , though for me I could care less . This would be an annoyance for some , so here it is . For me , so long as it works , I 'm good . If it does n't , I only lost $ 7 and it was worth the gamble.Downright Frustrating * While there is one `` category template '' , you must have it set up perfectly the way you want it - the first time you ever create a cookbook - because if you add a cookbook later , they are not applied to all of your cookbooks . All cookbooks must have the new category added manually . This is a serious waste of my time and I can not fathom why it was done this way to begin with . I think this is probably the number one thing that annoys me most . -LRB- See Tips below -RRB- . * I can not import my own Yields and my own Price list . I have my own already entered in a spreadsheet on Google Docs and had they provided me a way to import them , I could use them . However I have so many entries that there is NO way I 'm going to go through and enter each manually , one-by-one , because this would take months . No kidding . Also , if Yields would actually work on my shopping list , then it would be worth my time ... perhaps . Since it does n't , why bother ? * I personally hate Adobe 's Acrobat -LRB- it 's the worst piece of coded software next to Internet Explorer -RRB- and it tells you that it wo n't work if you do n't download it , which is absolute nonsense . Users should be able to choose what pdf reader they want to use . I use Foxit Reader and do n't appreciate being told I have to download something that I absolutely hate . Besides , it works fine without it altogether . * The same goes for Quicktime . I use VLC and like that one better , thanks . However in this case , the videos are definitely inaccessible unless I use VLC to navigate to the directory and view them manually , provided I can even figure out the file name.Tips on Use * Yields
 Very good program and easy to use it also has a lot of recepies .
 The best ever . I use it to create recipies , to store recipies , and for nutritional value information .
 I had previously ordered a different software and did n't like it at all . My goal was to be able to take recipes with non-standard ingredients and be able to enter them to get the nutritional values . I use products like Extra Virgin Coconut Oil and Flax to cook with . Because these are non standard other softwares would n't give me the values . Master Cook is truely exceptional . I 'm 100 % happy with this software and its vast array of features . Would stronly recommend it to anyone .
 I love MasterCook and bought the new version to update what I already had and I also bought a copy to give as a gift . I like the fact that you can get the nutrition information for any recipe , you can print it in any format , and it 's easy to share with others who also have MasterCook - not so easy to share with those who do n't . I have found it easy to input and move around in the recipe options and I love the spell check feature . The only problem I have with this version is the ridiculously large box it comes in - the box seems to be only for advertising effect and is a waste of paper/aka trees .
 I have just installed MC 8.0 in an HP Windows 7 64bit machine and expect that 32 bit OS can also be installed . Since MC 9.0 is not a big jump from MC 8.0 it is reasonable that it will work the same . The software will not load without help . The problem is that the setup application -LRB- the installer -RRB- is not compatible with the Win7/64 OS . Thankfully there is a tool that will get you over that hump as the remainder of the software files install without incident.I originally got it to work with Vista and when I upgraded to Win7/32 it kept working . A new laptop with Win7/64 forced me to find a new solution.Here is how I did it :1 . Put your disk in your CD/DVD drive and just ignore any dialog boxes that try to help -LRB- press the `` x '' -RRB- .2 . Go to the search window on the start pane -LRB- the Windows logo in the round blue button , lower left -RRB- and type `` compat '' , I know that is not a complete word those letters alone will bring up an icon with `` Run programs made for previous versions of Windows '' . Click on that link and another pane will appear titled `` Program Compatibility '' click `` Next '' .3 . It will search for a while and come up with a list of programs but you only want to click on the top item `` Not Listed '' . A new pane will appear with a browsing window and click on the `` Browse '' button .4 . Browse to your CD/DVD drive , it should say Mastercook as the drive title , scroll down to the application named `` Setup '' and select .5 . There should be some churning for a while but the MasterCook installer panel should come up . From that point it is a normal install .6 . There are some intermediate screens but you do n't do anything but click bast them .7 . Once installed it acts normal with no special trick to launch .7 . I did not get the Import Assistant to work but then I did n't work on it too hard . Will revise review once I get it to work .
 These software worked great on Windows 7 . I also transferred my own cookbooks from an older version and all went all .
 I have used this software for years , but I recently purchased a new computer with VISTA OS on it and the old version -LRB- 8 -RRB- would not work with VISTA . So far Version 9 has worked with the exception of Help . There is a Microsoft download to remedy this situation . I just have not had time to download the fix.I believe for the price it 's a great product .
 I have had this program for years and wanted to update it a few years ago but the company that sold it no longer existed . This year I decided I really needed to update and get a program that would enable me to paste and copy recipes form the internet into my own cooking program . I found one and was a click away from ordering and then saw a review that talked about this program . I was so excited . I was able to import all my recipes effortlessly from my old mastercook . This program had everything I wanted and needed and I already knew how to use it . It was cheaper than the one I was going to order as well and met all my needs . I love it . It looks basic on the computer but prints the recipes out with class . I highly recommend this .
 For those that have MC 8 , this new version only adds a few recipes and a some bug fixes ... there are no new features from MC 8 . I upgraded anyway and am happy with it.BUT , if you have MC 7 or before , this version is for you!I 've been using Mastercook since version 4 and with the change of ownership it had from Sierra to ValuSoft . I figured Version 6.2 would be the end of the line ... but thankfully not . . it 's up to Version 9 now!Each version release of MC continues to evolves it and keep it the best possible cooking/planning software on the planet . MC just keeps getting better.The basics-it comes with a standard set of cookbooks and an increased ingredient list of 7000 items , a place to create a meal plan and shopping list manually or automatically while giving you options on how to import -LRB- webImport/email/copy , paste -RRB- as well as export -LRB- email , printing , copy , paste recipes . It interacts with both Palm/PocketPC to download recipes and grocery lists for swapping or easy list check-off at the grocery store.The WebImport bar makes it easy to import recipes you find on websites by a highlight and click process that works only in Internet Explorer ... but it drastically reduces input time versus typing is all in.While MC 9 comes with a few cookbooks , the web awaits you . There are literally thousands of websites that not only have recipes to download , but whole cookbooks full of recipes ... all for FREE . The forums and newsgroups abound in Q&A ; help and how-to 's in better understanding how to use MC.The interface is clean and sharp ... does n't look like a Win 3.1 interface but not quite XP . It will take time to learn all of the secrets of using Mastercook , but the HELP section is in the program with a PDF you can print that is a step-by-step guide . What a nice touch.This program is great for those on diet plans , as you can make menu plans , shopping lists and search for foods with specific needs -LRB- calories , carbs , fat , fiber , etc. -RRB- . In conclusion , the planning and shopping lists have saved my family money and time in not buying what we do n't need and letting us know what 's for dinner without having to go and search for food . 15-20 minutes of planning on a Saturday will take care of planning for the whole week . Thanks to Mastercook !
 I have been collecting recipes online since the early to mid 80 's , and have purchased every single recipe management program I could find.Some have complex features that I find difficult to use , and do n't really need.Some are only databases which you use to simply store and retrieve your recipes.I always return to MasterCook . In my opinion it is the very best software for those of us who are home cooks.It is very easy to use , and comes complete with thousands of recipes already entered in the program . In addition , you can enter your own recipes by typing them in.There are hundreds of thousands of recipes available on the internet which you can import . It is able to import recipes which are formatted for other recipe management programs as well as those already formatted for MasterCook.It is unique in that it is able to import recipes directly from any web page using a special web tool . You will not have to type them into the program , For example , if you find a coconut cake recipe on the Betty Crocker site , just import it into your program and it is yours , picture and all!You can enter the number of servings you wish to prepare and the recipe is scaled to the correct amount of each ingredient . You can scale it down to a single serving or up to very many.The feature I use most is nutrition calculation . Every recipe displays the amount of calories , Protein , fat , carbs , vitamins , and minerals in each serving . It also displays the % of daily nutrition provided , according to the daily calorie limit you set , -LRB- for example , you can chose 2000 calories per day , or 1800 cal etc -RRB- Great for people on special diets such as low sodium , diabetic , low carb , or low calorie.You can add pictures to each recipe if you choose.Another great feature is the ability to publish your own cookbook , and print recipe cards . You can also print any recipe on a single sheet of paper or several recipes over many sheets.I always print my recipe and take it to the kitchen with me.There are dozens of different formats and designs which you can select to print your recipes . They really look great!You can e-mail a recipe or group of recipes directly from within the program.You can create a shopping list using your chosen recipes . It is arranged in order of the departments of your favorite store . -LRB- I do not use this feature , most recipe programs have it , and this is as good as the others but still too much trouble to use . -RRB- There is a menu planner , and you can save menus for future reference.It has a simple backup function so you will never loose your valuable recipe collection.Using a `` cookbook '' format you can arrange your recipes into any collection . You can have as many `` Cookbooks '' as you wish . -LRB- I have several hundred - Some of my cookbooks
 I 've had previous versions of Mastercook -LRB- versions 7 and under -RRB- . What I really like is the Web Import Bar that is added to Internet Explorer . This feature -LRB- new in version 8 -RRB- is really a time saver for snagging recipes off the internet . I 've entered most of our `` old '' family recipes from my mom and grandmas . Once I 've discovered the calorie content of some of the recipes , I 've then researched via the internet on how to change the `` bad '' for `` better '' substitutes . I use another program to track my food intake , but it seems like I am always looking to Mastercook to determine nutritional values for homecooked items . It 's easy to alter the ingredients , etc. , based on what was added to a specific recipe . For example , I seem to rarely make chili the same way twice in a row . Since I want to make sure the nutrition information I 'm logging is correct , I just open the recipe , make the adjustments and I 've got the info . I 'd definitely say this software is well worth the price . -LRB- I 'd pay double for it actually . -RRB- While Sierra does n't have a users forum anymore , there IS a Yahoo Group available for free . LOTS of great help is available . As others have noted , version 9 really is n't much different from virtually ANY of the previous versions and a user 's guide is not available . Because of the Yahoo Group , I was able to download the version 6 manual . The instructions are all still good . The Help is version 9 is up-to-date , but I like to look at the manual as I go through the software .
 I bought this software a couple of weeks ago with two main goals in mind
 I 'm a fan of Mastercook , and purchased version 9.0 to replace an early version . I was pleasantly surprised by this new edition which seems to be more organized and have a slicker look . Its easy now to import recipes from the internet , and I like the search features . The downside , is this product really has n't evolved that much , and aside from some additional recipes is essentially 8.0 with a ` new coat of paint . ' Still if you like the MC software look and feel , you ca n't really beat this price . 5 Stars .
 This is my first time buying the mastercook program . I first heard of it on one of the weight watchers sites . It seemed like a great way to organize my recipes I find online , so I bought it . I have to say I was a bit intimidated at first as I am not all that computer savy . The program is fairly easy to work though . I really like the feature that you import online recipes into the cookbooks . It 's just a few clicks to do and so easy . I have printed out shopping lists and made cookbooks . I am by no means an expert yet , but using the help box I 'm usually able to figure things out . I highly recommend this to anyone who gets a lot of recipes online and wants a place to organize them all .
 I had a very old version -LRB- version 2 -RRB- and was looking to upgrade . I first bought a different product that cost twice as much , but was disappointed with the many bugs in the software . I then read some reviews and bought this . Big improvement in the stability of the software as well as the features . I found it to be fairly intuitive to use.I would like to change a few things , like being able to export to a CSV or delimited text format so I could compile my own recipe books externally . I would also like to be able to customize the views more , such as viewing certain fields as columns in the cookbook or recipe list view so I do n't have to always go to the search function.I have found the import function works quite well . I especially like the Internet Explorer browser plug-in so I can import recipes right off web pages without having to save them as text first.Very nice software.Addendum : MasterCook 9 imported my old MC ver 2 cookbooks flawlessly and easily .
 I 've been using Master Cook -LRB- v. 2 -RRB- since 1995 . It was ancient by today 's standards and very DOS-ish , but it did what I wanted it to . My only reason for updating to a newer version was that I bought a new computer , one without a floppy disk drive . I 'd read that Master Cook was out of print , so to speak , and was delighted to find it available through amazon.com.It was easy to install and integrate with my collection of reciipes . -LRB- I also use it to keep crochet and knitting instructions - this is a versatile program ! -RRB- I made the mistake of jumping into the software without going through the tutorial - but have recovered , by using trial & error to figure out how to add recipes.One excellent feature is the ability to download recipes from the internet directly into the program . Master Cook adds a little icon to the browser and makes it easy for me to transfer recipes into my files.I recommend this program ; it sure beats typing up 3x5 '' cards !
 Be aware , before buying this product , that the Piano Wizard software is not compatible with at least two widely available models of Yamaha keyboards . The company does not specify this on their website but admitted it in an email when my system did not work . I had to buy a different keyboard . Check with the Piano Wizard company before investing in a keyboard.The kids are having fun with it , however , there is no real lesson plan of any kind and it does n't teach you proper technique . There is zero structur in that you just pull up a song and try to hit the notes .
 Had to respond to the last review : '' ... It does not do chords much in the early lessons `` That is correct , and it is intended as such . The lessons are `` progressive '' , each new lesson introducing more notes and more complicated fingering . `` Chords '' are nothing more than multiple notes , which are eventually introduced in the learning process . '' ... and there does not seem to be any way to integrate a child ' music lession into the game . `` Do n't know what that means , but you can `` integrate '' any lesson into the game by using simple MIDI files -LRB- Premier version -RRB- '' ... I 'm sorry that I bought the premier version in addition to the easy version . The premier does not have a lot of the features of the easy version and you have to download their versions of songs , limited availablity . `` The Premier has ALL the features of Easy Mode and MUCH more . In fact , Premier comes with BOTH Easy Mode and Premier MODE , so you can decided which to use . You do NOT have to download their versions of songs - it uses any MIDI file . But you can also download more music at - www.WizardTunes.com - perhaps the library was limited at the time of the initial review , but they are now over a thousand songs and growing .
 The first day , my 16 year old daughter began using Piano Wizard , it took me over 45 minutes to get her to sit down at the computer and agree to even try it . Our agreement was that she would go through the first steps of the program for 15 minutes and then give me some feedback and she could then be free for other activities of her own choosing . An hour later , I heard her calling me to the computer room and she sounded excited ! My daughter never gets excited . I ran to see why she was calling me and she was still sitting at the computer desk . `` Listen , she said . I can play the piano . '' And then she began to play for me several of the songs on the first program , using BOTH hands . I asked her if she had been playing since I had left her in the room and she said she had . I was amazed ! She had been playing , on her own initiative for over an hour!She uses Piano Wizard for fun , to work out stress from school and just to relax and try her hand where there are no requirements except those she puts on herself . for her , it 's fun . And who has enough fun in their lives !
 Length :
 My kids as well as my husband love this piano . It is a good way to tell if your child will be interested in learning piano and getting the basics down . It wo n't replace lessons but it is a good place to start . Even if they are n't bound for piano greatness , it is fun . The 49 key station is definately the way to go . The other would be too small .
 I had previously complained that I could not get sound . We had spent hours reinstalling , downloading a driver , pushing buttons ... I finally got off work early enough to call customer service -LRB- still a problem with their hours -RRB- . The kind and patient young man I spoke with had the music playing in ten minutes . CALL CUSTOMER SERVICE and save yourself a lot of frustration ! It seems to be a fun program that will take many hours to explore . -LRB- Note
 I LOVE this game . Basic concept is you run chocolate factories and sell your chocolates to retailers in various exotic locations . You travel the world purchasing ingredients and collecting recipes . Highly recommended for chocolate lovers !
 I THOUGHT I WOULD NEVER BUY A COMPUTER GAME . THEN A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO WHEN WE DID N'T HAVE ANY CABLE I STARTED PLAYING SOME OF MY DAUGHTER 'S COMPUTER GAMES . SHE DID N'T HAVE THIS ONE . AND IT DRIVES ME NUTS . I 'M NOT SURE I KNOW WHAT I AM DOING . I FINALLY FIGURED OUT AFTER MAKING THE CHOCOLATES I WAS TO SELL THEM BUT I 'M NOT SURE OF HOW TO MOVE ON . I BELIEVE I AM SUPPOSE TO GET BETTER AT MAKING THE CHOCOLATES AND ACQUIRING MORE RECIPES . THEN TRAVEL AROUND THE WORLD SELLING MY CHOCOLATE . ALONG THE WAY I COULD BUY OTHER FACTORIES , AND GAMBLE IF I HAVE THE MONEY . THIS IS A FRUSTRATING GAME . BUT THE BEST PART IS I 'M NOT CONSUMING TONS OF CHOCOLATE WHILE I 'M TRYING TO WIN IN THE CHOCOLATE BUSINESS . I LIKE THIS GAME . IT WAS WELL WORTH MY MONEY .
 Chocolatier is one of the few games that I enjoyed enough as a trial version to actually buy the full version . Quirky , funny , engaging , and entertaining , it 's quickly dislodging the Diner Dash series from the latter 's place as `` light game of choice '' in the house . ^_^
 This is a wonderfully engaging game . It is enough of a challenge to be both interesting and exciting , but not s difficult as to be frustrating . I have played all the way through several times and still enjoy it .
 Oh I LOVED playing this online , BUT I only could play the 1hour trial , so I bought the game , LOVE IT ! Addicting !! I think I beat it in 2 sittings ! LOL
 i have 1 and 2 and love them both.although i beat mine in one day , its still fun to keep playing to see how much money i can earn weekly.or start me a new fle and beat it again.its a fun game to keep playing or play over and over.its a game for all ages !
 The idea of the game is fairly easy to grasp
 This is a Business-SIM focusing on chocolate trade . Although sold under $ 10 as a casual game , I found this much more fun and enjoyable than more advertised and much more expensive games!You start out as an apprentice and have to master ingredients , recipes , ordering and marketing . This is a well balanced game and you and your family will have great Fun!I think it would be a good idea to download the 60min-trial version from Reflexive -LRB- you can Google it -RRB- and decide whether this is your cup of tea.WARNING ! This game may precipitate INTENSE Chocolate-cravings ! : -RRB- RECOMMENDED !
 Chocolatier is a business simulation game where you make and sell different kinds of chocolates . You go around the map to find ingredients at low prices , sell chocolates you have made at your factories , and to run errands for other businessman which leads to more chocolate recipes.While I have played a lot of different business `` tycoon '' type games , Chocolatier is by far one of my favorites . Addictive , interesting , and at times funny , Chocolatier had my attention and I loved playing every minute of it . Great for rainy or snowy days when you do n't have any plans to leave the house because trust me , once you start playing this game you will not want to stop!If you are looking for similiar games to this one , Tradewinds and Tradewinds Legends are also very good . Also Chocolatier 2 is now available and is very good .
 I am always on the lookout for non-shooter games for my kids that are compatible with Apple OS and this one is for sure a keeper ! I popped it into the laptop the first night after it arrived and played until 2am -LRB- how does time fly like that ? -RRB- I wo n't retell the story line or anything so dull ... . You can read other reviews for that.Give this game a try . It is fun for kids and adults alike . My 11 & 13 year olds both defeated the game before I did , but then they both played it again with different strategy trying to beat their scores . It also does not go on forever and ever in long boring quests . It is a quick game that has doable levels and rewards as it moves along and keeps the player 's interest.Plus a few of the characters have little tidbits of trivia about chocolate history , so it is * mildly * educational.I think this is a game that can be put away and revisited later and still give good play value . The quests are just enough random that the game is not too overly predictable . !! HOWEVER !! We did experience a mid-game crash under OS 10.4.11 . I contacted the company via email and they responded quickly . This is a known bug in the CD copy . The cure for the crash is to download the online Mac version of the trial game over the already installed CD version ... . that patched it up like a charm and it ran perfectly from that moment on ... . the crash turned out to be a minor hiccup in game play.The trial version / game patch can be found free at PlayFirst -LRB- dot -RRB- comEven though the trial version says it only runs for 60 minutes , the game has no such limit when patched over the CD version of the game.Give this little gem of a game a try . I plan on buying more games from this company , Decent Mac games are hard to find and are usually overpriced , so this is a great find ...
 I was given this game for Christmas , and did n't have very high hopes for it . Within ten minutes I was completely absorbed . This is a very addicting game . You travel around the world to find chocolate recipes and make the chocolates in your factories . You also have to buy ingredients for your chocolates and not every port will have the ingredients you are looking for ; you wo n't find cocoa in New York but will have to travel to Trinidad for instance to buy it . Lots of things to do and a lot of missions to accomplish to achieve Master Chocolatier ! Very fun game .
 I love this game . I 've had 2 strokes and am physically disabled because of them . I have spent hours playing this game . It does n't require a lot of keying which is difficult for me . A click of the mouse and I can complete each task . Not only am I physically able to play this game , I believe it has help my focus abilities too . I hope there is n't an end , but then I 'd just have to start over in another name !!
 I never liked time management games , feeling that they were too `` real life '' to be entertaining . That 's now changed !! Chocolatier is an awful lot of fun , but the warning about chocolate cravings is valid !! Oh , if only the money-making were real ... Chocolatier is suitable for the hearing impaired since all interactions are open captioned , and the visual elements are relatively large as well , for those with some problems with vision.By the way , I had NO trouble using Chocolatier with Vista .
 This is really a great game . It is a game that teaches as you play . I own a business and this takes me into a place I did n't think I would ever go . I love how I choose the course of the game rather than just playing the way everyone else would play . It allows me to buy other factories and build my business in a fantasy land I will never get to really live.I love this game !
 It took me two false starts with Chocolatier to realize this was NOT an arcade or Mania-type game , where speed is critical and mistakes can be fatal . It 's the opposite.This is a great game for a harried grownup , because there are no penalties for having to stop in mid-click . If you abandon the factory production minigame to tend to a pot boiling over on the stove , you can just Do Over when you return . If a real life disruption makes you forget you 're in the middle of a quest , game characters will soon give you gentle reminders -LRB- `` The Queen is wondering about her chocolates '' -RRB- . You can refuse a quest for the moment without losing an opportunity ; it will be offered again . Time only passes while you 're in transit between ports , so you can linger in markets indefinitely without your factories crashing in the meantime . Short of landing in a port bankrupt and with no chocolates to sell for return fare , Chocolatier is impossible to `` lose . '' Some may find this unchallenging ; those of us who play games as a breather from real-life challenges will embrace Chocolatier 's delightfully relaxed gameplay.Coming from 10 years of playing an open-ended and neverending game -LRB- The Sims -RRB- , I was dismayed when after 6 hours the storyline of Chocolatier concluded and the game was over . Continuing to `` build the empire in free-play mode '' with no quests to fulfill or new recipes to discover did n't appeal to me . So I signed in under a new player name , started from scratch with low expectations , and got a huge surprise
 This game , true to the reviews , is a lot of fun . I am not a big `` gamer , '' and I own a Macbook , so it 's difficult anyway to find games in my platform , since it seems most games are made for Windows . I love strategy games , and I love chocolate , so this was a great choice!It has a somewhat `` Carmen Sandiego '' feel I remember from elementary school , in the sense you get to travel around the globe finding characters and delivering their orders . It does n't require a lot of strategy or smarts , but it still is fun to play.However , when I attempted to make a raspberry chocolate concoction , the game closed out and I got a reported error . In the recipe book , it shows you the different ingredients you need , and the picture of the dish was invisible , so it may not have loaded properly . I 'm not sure if there is a glitch in my particular disk , so I will delete the current copy on my computer and start over . You can still play up until that point -LRB- and you get very far -RRB- , but you can not win without making and selling that particular product.On the upside , however , there is a freeplay mode , so even if I ca n't `` win '' the game , I can still play . Great game overall .
 Chocolatier is a great low tech game all about supply and demand with a little bit of arcade action thrown in for good measure . It reminds me a lot of Tradewinds Legends , which is one of my favorite games ever . And you can almost smell the chocolate when you create candy using one of the delicious-sounding recipes that you collect from around the world . Very good game .
 I was looking for a creative way to teach my daughter to play the piano . Piano Wizard is the answer ! We are able to select a variety of songs , download new songs , and advance to more difficult levels . She is now reading music after only a few days . Piano Wizard makes learning fun !
 this is coolest thing i ever bought . i wrote an email to my sister to propose that she get one and just thought i would paste it here for anyone interested.also , i think this is great for all ages , but our discussion was related to training for 4-year old kids.here is my email ... hey , i am just writing to try to sell you on piano wizard , which i mentioned to you once over the summer.i had one delivered to us in switzerland after our trip and **** -LRB- my 4-yr old kid -RRB- has learned a lot from this game.i could imagine getting one for *** -LRB- her 4-yr old kid -RRB- for christmas.but i would need to hear your feelings about it first.you can learn a lot about it by looking at -LSB- ... -RSB- for us , it really has been a fun and easy way for **** -LRB- my 4-yr old kid -RRB- to learn piano.here are some extra info for you to know about ... what she learned in just 8 weeks ... 1 . the first 2 songs used one octave of black keys . she learned to play 3 notes with her right hand and 2 with the left .2 . next few songs used different parts of the keyboard but still black keys only3 . next few songs introduced chords -LRB- left hand ocasionally playing 1 note at same time as right hand -RRB- 4 . next few songs introduced hand movement -LRB- so she has to move one hand or the other to a new position -RRB- 5 . next few songs introduced her to playing on the white keys . -LRB- much harder because you can not feel them as easily -RRB- there are 88 songs left to go in the training set and i was easily able to load up a song of my choosing -LRB- yesterday by the beatles -RRB- after downloading an mdi file from the internet -LRB- similar to mp3 file -RRB- at some point i switched her to level 2 , where notes are going horizontally instead of vertically . this is a major step , but it is manageable . i think it constitutes huge progress on the path to reading music in standard notation.i think some piano instruction does not introduce rhythm in the beginning , but of course this design makes it impossible to play out of rhythm -LRB- the keys are silent unless you press the one that is correct for the given moment of the song -RRB- so , i generally think this is one of the coolest things i ever bought in my life.however , in all honesty , there are a few cautions i should mention .1 . i can not walk away for more than 90 seconds while she is practicing . a few clicks are needed to set the tempo and select the song and after about 90 seconds it is usually time to do another mouse click on something so i am always needed to be there .2 . a large tv monitor might be needed . we somehow had a large tv/monitor that was not in use , so i arranged a dedicated space for her keyboard to be directly facing this large screen . if you use a tiny monitor or or a large monitor that is too far away , it might not be such a great experience . -LRB- and putting the keyboard up on your desk would not be correct hand positioning . -RRB- 3 . before we did piano lessons in the morning , i tried to teach **** -LRB- my 4-yr old kid -RRB- about telling time . we used a kumon workbook every morning for 20 minutes and she really hated it . now , i tell her every morning ... `` are you ready for a fun lesson ? do you prefer to practice piano ? or clocks ? '' well , she happily chooses piano and feels lucky to get to do that . the constant threat of showing her some clocks again is really boosting her enthusiasm for piano . without this , i am not sure she would be so thrilled . -LRB- sorry to diss kumon here because i like them in gneral . but putting a 4-yr old in front of any age-7 workbook is going to be punishment -RRB- so , . . you should check the web site and decide if you are a believer or not , if someone would have time to do this with *** -LRB- her 4-yr old kid -RRB- or not , and if you have space for a monitor or not.-c
 I just purchased this from the pianowizard website . I have n't recieved it yet , so I do n't know how well it will turn out . I just wanted to comment that it costs less on their website then it does on amazon.com , and I was n't sure why this was ? . .
 Homework assignments are the bane of most students I know -LRB- not to mention their hard-pressed and nescient parents -RRB- . This is mainly because of the tedious and mind-numbing chores of data mining and composition . Additionally , as knowledge multiplies every 5-10 years , few parents and teachers are able to keep up.Enter Microsoft Student 2008
 A lot of very useful tools for my high school sophomore . The user interface is not very intuitive on where to find what tool you are looking for . Once you find the tool the rest is quite good .
 I bought this months ago and I still have use for it . My kids use it quite alot and they have benefited from it . Ages 13 and 8 . It was worth the $ 30 I paid for it .
 Ok - I 've been using this product for a couple of years and it 's proved indispensable . Granted , most of the homework templates are useless past the 6th grade ... but the graphing calculator alone is worth buying this product . I am able to use my laptop on team projects for business calculus and business statistics classes -- it 's a lot easier to swith between Student 's graphing calculator and Excel than it is to squint at a little black and grey ` etch-a-sketch ' screen -LRB- handheld graphing calculator -RRB- . The calculator gives you the answer in both decimal and fraction form -LRB- makes everybody jealous -RRB- . It has an equation solver , integrating , solving matrices , permutations , variance analysis are soooo much easier with this than navigating through 50 menus on your TI-84 . You get a nice large work area to input your problems ... Oh , and did I mention you can copy and paste your problems into Word -- and then edit them with equation editor ? -LRB- another time saver -RRB- -- AND you can save the ` worksheets ' with all of the problems you 're working on - another great feature if you 're going to re-use the same equation with different variables.Ok - as for the other stuff ... . the translator feature is great - It has a Spanish , French , Italian , and German dictionary - shows you similarly spelled words in case you 're unsure of the whole word . The unit conversion tool is pretty cool , but not a huge feature . -LRB- I use google 's coversion tool and m-w . com more often for dictionary lookup -RRB- . Lastly , most of my classes do n't allow me to cite Wikipedia in my papers - so I use the Encarta encyclopedia as a source . The encyclopedia offers interactive maps and video clips with most of the articles -- the pictures are hi-res too if you need to illustrate your document ... . This software is worth every penny - though I 'd wait for it to go on sale at Best Buy in August for $ 20 -LRB- always goes on sale before school -RRB- . The other software that I use in conjunction with Student is OneNote .
 Homework assignments are the bane of most students I know -LRB- not to mention their hard-pressed and nescient parents -RRB- . This is mainly because of the tedious and mind-numbing chores of data mining and composition . Additionally , as knowledge multiplies every 5-10 years , few parents and teachers are able to keep up.Enter Microsoft Student 2008
 I purchased the the student encarta for the 2007 . I am going to buying the updated version . IT is so valuable . I am a college student . I used it for quick research on term papers , videos , games and so much more . I have found it to be a valuable resource when writing my term papers and so on and so forth . Buy it today and will see your student 's success sore . Well worth the price.The graphic photos I was able to incorporate into some of my research papers . My son in second grade loves the games . I love it . There is much to do with it .
 For any student , young or old needing some additional instructions when not in class , this is the program for you .
 I have been using M. S. Encarta since it came out . This programs is very useful for adults and kids in many ways . One of the most important features is , that you can keep it updated with the latest information . Wonderful program !
 ENCARTA 2008 i am a continual happy student ! just for the fun of it , this program as with several earlier versions is a wonderful broad based sourse of up graded information , a perfect tool for anyone who just likes to learn as well for ongoing education where ever you want to go . i noticed over the years they have continued to insitefully tweek the performance , i like that too . i call it better & better thank you ron s
 I have n't used this , but based on what I 've seen it 's a good product , however I wish I would 've bought them the Encyclopedia Britannica instead .
 Microsoft student with Encarta premium 2008 is a great resource for all students . It has all kinds of tools to help you write essays do math homework and help you with all aspects of schoolwork . This software is a definite buy thanks to its price , and indeed great amount of information that it comes with this software is a great buy , and it 's even better if you buy it with Britannica 2008 it will give you just a huge amount of information as well as resources to help you in school .
 I have a 16 year old son . We made a decision when he was 5 to get new copies of Encarta each year he was in school instead of a hard bound encyclopedia . He was given an award from John 's Hopkins university when he was in eighth grade , and has attended classes at both John 's hopkins and Stanford ever since . The Encarta series has improved every year , and was very good to begin with.As a professional educator myself , I very highly recommend it as a cost effective investment to have available for children growing up .
 the product s excellent u can explore a lot of things . the seller send it very fast too .
 Length :
 This software is wonderful . I bought it because of the Encarta Dictionary , its English dictionary is the finest one available and the best . The conjugations for English , Spanish , French and German 's verbs are very handy . I wish it had Italian verbs too , as the Spanish edition did .
 Basically , I bought this product mainly for its dictionary . The online version of Encarta was discontinued , so I decided to purchase it . As for the other features , I did n't have an opportunity to use them much , but I found them highly informative , well presented and laid out nicely . No doubt it is a much improved product compared with earlier versions I encountered . The student tools seem awesome and very potent , although I hardly explored them . A true bargain .
 I purchased Encarta many years ago , and it was good , but this new version is actually better . The student aids are great , as is the encyclopedia . The content is trustworthy , and my kids can use it for school reports and not have to defend it 's accuracy .
 I am very glad that I purchased the Microsoft Student with Encarta Premium 2008 , because I have already used the product , and have found it useful for my essays for college , and for other information . It 's been pretty easy to use .
 Like the previous edtion 2007 , this edition is a very helpful tool for high school students.Guess few students will go to the library anymore nowadays as a result of such enormous help for their homeworks and projects which they can easily find by using the software like this .
 The student version is very helpful . It provides easy access to hundreds of articles on a variety of topics . Easily accessible for those who are not yet exposed to the areas that they are exploring . However , it is not necessarily a great tool for those who have foundational knowledge in a field .
 This is a huge improvement over my previous Encarta CD-ROM from 1999 . It has more videos , sounds , and articles . Some new features are the novel summaries and the calculator . This is very helpful for school work as well as an everyday reference . Other features include a virtual globe which provides statistics for every nation ; a translation dictionary for English , French , Italian and Spanish is also new . The translation dictionary has only one problem
 I was extremely impressed about how you could take and put in home work assignment a teacher has hand written and not in a book and it broke it down with the correct answer . The rest of the program can be used for any one is going to high school or college . It is a great asset and very useful tool for writing to math . I recommend this program for any one , I wish I had heard about it earlier when my son was in junior high , it is awesome .
 Microsoft AntiSpyware said my machine was clean.AdAware said my machine was clean.Spybot said my machine was clean.Spy Sweeper found 19 spyware items and 29 traces . ` nuff said . I 'm sold .
 By far the greatest dangers lurking on the internet are not viruses but trojans , browser highjackers and cookies . While Norton is arguably the best anti-virus software and the best firewall it has flaws . Long before Norton will notice a problem , Spy Sweeper will bag it and tag it . Hackers have learned to hide viruses in cookies and trojans instead of sending them out on their own . With Spy Sweeper you have very good protection against trojans and cookies and excellent protection against highjackers ; these are the nasty bugs that cause your browser to lock onto their web page.Here 's some comments on Spy Sweepers operational behavior . It is slow to start up so give it some time . The first thing it will do is load a fresh copy of instructions from their website every morning . This will delay browser operation but it 's necessary to keep you out of trouble . I just grab a cup of coffee and let it finish , which takes about 2 minutes . Spy Sweep is a little intrusive when it knows there is a program update scheduled so my advice is go with the flow.As I pointed out , Spy Sweeper provides only fair protection against trojans , cookies and adware . There is free software that will cover this vulnerability but like everything free there is a price
 Beats the spyware detection and removal software from McAfee , Microsoft , Norton , and even Trend Micro by far!I previously had spyware detection and removal software by latter two of the above mentioned companies , and thought that I was clear of spyware . I did not know that there was a key-logging spyware and about nine tracking cookies on my computer , all along , until I installed Webroot 's Spy Sweeper v4 . Webroot 's Spy Sweeper did not take long to detect the malware and presented me an option to remove it.Spy Sweeper 's user interface is friendly and easy to configure , for a systematic person with a good basic awareness about Windows and internet terms such as web-browser , cookies , and favorites . The software help documentation contained with the program is also very helpful in explaining the options.During installation , at the user 's selection , Spy Sweeper also adds a `` Run a sweep '' option to the explorer menu , which lets the user to simply right-click on a folder and click the selection to scan its contents for spyware . Its scans in realtime , and its scheduled scans are quite customizable . It automatically updates regularly itself by default . One of my favorite features is a text area in its program screen that shows a detailed log of the performed operations , which allows the user to track its operations , past and current . All these wonderful features , and yet , it does not slow my 1.3 GHz -LRB- 100MHz bus -RRB- computer running Windows 2000 with 244MBytes of SDRAM , unlike the other spyware detection software that I have used.In Addition , Spy Sweeper 's reasonably priced licensing cost and a team of friendly and knowledgeable telephone support staff perfectly complement this already well-written software .
 I have used several different spyware removal tools ; before Spy Sweeper my favorite was Ad-Aware by Lavasoft . While I still use Ad-Aware , I depend on Spy Sweeper for the heavy duty work of removing spyware that is tough to ferret out . I generally run all the anti-virus and spyware detection tools installed on my computer -LRB- after updating the definitions , of course -RRB- and then run Spy Sweeper . I am always amazed at what Spy Sweeper finds left over after the others say my machine is clean.This program is very comprehensive , and is updated very frequently . It is easy to use and features generally easy to grasp deletion options -LRB- much easier than most competitors . -RRB- Even a PC novice can use this program successfully.I have found Spy Sweeper to be robust and to consistently catch more spyware traces than any other product , though I believe it 's wise to use multiple products for the best possible protection.I highly recommend Spy Sweeper . I ca n't imagine owning a computer and not having this installed on it . It is , by far , my preferred anti-spyware solution .
 This program is worth it 's weight in gold , and at the Amazon price -LRB- which is the same price I paid at Costco -RRB- , it 's a bargain . Webroot 's Spy Sweeper is a cinch to install and it automatically eliminated the most pernicious adware files on my PC that I had ever seen -- variants of the bug `` Coolwwwsearch , '' which created many popups and diverted Internet Explorer from my home page . None of my other programs , including SpyBot , Ad-aware , or my Norton Antivirus -- could permanently remove the crud . I spent many , many frustrating hours trying various ways to delete the bugs , but they would consistently evolve into new files and registry codes as soon as the older ones were deleted . I was ready to throw in the towel by reformatting my hard drive and then spending even more hours reinstalling everything . But I decided instead to buy Spy Sweeper , and what a lifesaver ! It deleted all of the pesky adware on its first `` sweep ! '' Bottom line
 If you want to rid yourself of spyware you should definately buy this product . Gets rid of spy cookies and trojan horses , this is not a replacement for anti-virus software though . It is meant to get rid of spyware and spyware only . I would highly recommend that you buy this !
 This program offers full system protection , from spyware adware , keyloggers , browser hijackers , and the new rootkit threats ... All of the above threats can cause identity theft ... Why on one machine i own , it removed 636 threats , including dialers and worse ... Spyware protection is just as important as antivirus software , and a good firewall ... Why spyware threats are worse than viruses , because , they disable your protection systems . . There is a crossover in whats a virus and whats spyware ? ... Also the use of window washer , by webroot can be very helpful.spysweep is highly recommended a must .
 After 6 years of faithful service , my hard drive died a few weeks ago . I bought another Gateway and it was recommended to me that I get Spy Sweeper.I had never ran any Spy tool up until now , choosing just to use Anti-Virus Software . I had wondered if Spy Sweeper would be redundant.Well , I have Spy Sweeper 5.0.7.1608 and within the first few days of having my new computer , this software caught 3 incidents of spyware that my Anti-Virus never detected!This tool sweeps files , registry , cookies ... everything . It will quarantine first , and then you can choose to delete it.My system is FAST , and I 've not seen Spy Sweeper act unusually in any way , nor has it taken up too much memory . -LRB- I have AMD Athlon , 64 X2 dual core processor 3800 + with 1.87 GB of RAM -- running on XP . -RRB- I have all 12 recommended shields running at all times.Spy Sweeper will sweep every week , but you can choose to sweep anytime . Sweeps , for me , have only taken 5-6 minutes.My experience has been very positive with Spy Sweeper , especially when I saw it catch several spyware that my Anti-Virus * did n't * pick up . Very affordable software for the kind of protection it provides , in my opinion .
 My computer had a trojan virus that my internet provider 's virus protection software had caught but could n't delete . The fix involved going into the registry and deleting entries which I was n't quite comfortable doing . Doing research online I found Spy Sweeper was recommended several times as not only a way to eliminate the Trojan , but also provide protection from further virus attacks.I installed it -LRB- very easily I might add -RRB- and it immediately located not just this one virus , but MANY others . I 'm happy to say that my computer is now clean and working much faster . I have my Spy Sweeper set up to scan my system each night , and it routinely catches lots of low-risk and high-risk threats . I 'd highly recommend this software !!!!
 I like that you can set the spy sweeper to do its thing at any time that works for you . I set mine to sweep twice a week when I know my computer will be on - but I wo n't be in the middle of something . Very convenient and seems to do a great job .
 IT does slow your computer down a little , but I would rather have that then have a software not catch it . I am very happy with Webroot 's products . I also have used Window Washer for over 10 years.I have tested Lava-Soft SE , Norton , & Zone Alarms anti-spy programs . Seems they all catch something the other ones missed . But Spy sweeper has caught the most serious ones .
 This is the program to get to help product your computer from spyware . Not only does it remove spyware it lets you know when an EXE . file will start upon rebooting the computer . Which is how most spyware are installed .
 It was very cheap compared to bestbuy and other places . It worked perfectly just like I had remembered from a version bought in the store . I definitely recommend this product for its low price and it works and runs just fine .
 This impressed me as it tackled some of the hardest to remove spyware !
 This is a great program dont listen to any1 else this program blocks all of the spyware you can think of with all of its sheilds if you have verison 4.0 You can upgrade for free . . so dont worry ... on options i think it says update program and you get get a free download of spysweeper verison 4.5 =-RRB- but spysweeper 4.5 blocks all of the newest and oldest spyware they have daily updates that keeps you updated from all the latest threats . . this is a great program i highly recomend this!i hope my review has helped you decide to get spysweeper verison 4.5 .
 I read a couple of positive reviews , ordered it , it works better than anything else I 've tried . I enjoy running Zone Alarms 's spyware tool that is included in the pro version of their firewall just prior to `` Spy Sweeper '' to see how many Zone Alarm misses .
 I had a probelem with my computer , the internet was acting funny , it was really slow , and weird websites kept popping up.I did n't know what the problem was , and my current antivirus software would scan for 10 to 15 minutes , and then delete someing or other , but it would always return.Finnally , i asked my mom for help . She gave me this , and i ran the scan on my computer.It came up positive . AND BOY HOW !!! NOT ONLY DID IT DETECT SPYWARE COOKIES THAT MY OTHER SYSTEM HADD N'T , BUT IT ALSO FIGURED OUT I HAD ACCIDENTALY DOWNLOADED A TROJAN LOADER ONTO MY COMPUTER INSTEAD OF A CLIP OF THE ZAPRUDER FILM !!! -LRB- I was doing a JFK project at the time . NEVER again will i use Wikipeadia , because that 's where i got this nasty from -RRB- AND IT CHEWED IT TO BITS AND OBBLITERATED THE REMAINS !!!! THANK YOU WEBROOT !!!
 Spysweeper verison 4.5 is a wonderfull product how can you not think so when it has been awarded dozens of times like PC MAGIZINE editors choice , cnet gave it 5 stars , PC PRO RECCOMENDED , and many many more . this is a great product they have many sheilds that have saved my computer many of times.with the new verison of spysweeper they have more improved sheilds and two new ones . This product is amazing its pretty much all you need to stay safe from the most deadlyest , newest threats , and the old threats . I recomend this great product to everyone .
 I 'll admit that I hardly ever buy legitimate software . I used a copy of Webroot 's Spysweeper for several months , then I decided to head out and purchase it because it was such a great product . It does the job of finding spyware and viruses so efficitiently Some of the previous reviews say that it is a memory hog . I 'm doing a virus/spyware scan right now and it is using 1/3 of the memory than that of Firefox . Webroot is constantly updating its spyware database , so there is no need to worry about future threats on your computer . If you are trying to decide which security software to purchase , there is no need to look any further , Spysweeper is the best !
 This is by far the best Anti-Spyware in the market today.Spy Sweeper got the highest score on the Consumer Reports Magazine.After running several anti-spyware programs on three computers , I ran Spy Sweeper on all of them and found no less than SIXTY traces per computer.Spy Sweeper features : - 15 different shields all can be turned on and off individually and be customized . - Optional Automatic Updates . - Many alerts which you can also customize to your own taste . - Choose weather or not you want Spy Sweeper to Startup when you turn on your computer plus it lets you control what programs startup . - You can customize the amount of processing power will be used by Spy Sweeper . You know just in case you think Spy Sweeper is chocking your computer . -LRB- Mine has never given me any problems and I run Spy Sweeper to the max -RRB- - You choose what and where you want Spy Sweeper to Sweep , plus add scheduled sweeps . - It 's easy to use.I highly recommend this product . And when used with Perfect Disk 7.0 your computer will run so smooth you will wonder how you ever did without it . Happy web surfing !
 This Product is wonderful . I would recommend it to anyone . I had it once before , it expired , went to something else but 2 days later went to purchase Webroot spysweeper again because the other did not rate like spysweeper in my opinion . You wo n't be disappointed . THANKS WEBROOT ''
 Been usung it for 2 years - works great - easy to install and no noticable drag on my system . Make sure you use the appropriate shields and know what they do . This program is regularly rated 1 or 2 by the leading PC magazines . -LRB- Note - V. 5 is in Beta testing now -RRB-
 Ordered this after reading all the negative reviews on Norton antivirus . It is extremely easy to use , took no time at all and cleaned 28 different trojans/viruses . Highly recommend it .
 I would like to say that this is a good product but this item is '' not for 64 bit computers '' , so read first , in this age of technology .
 Spy Sweeper is a great anti-spyware program . It warns me about some of the threatening websites that I 've visited and blocks any spyware that has tried getting into my computer , and it 's always updating it 's definitions . It has found spyware and spyware traces and has gotten rid of them . Right now my computer is spyware free thanks to it . I recommend this by all means .
 Welcome to the 21st Century , where your computer is n't safe from the wilds of the untamed internet . Since the dawn of the home computer there have been widespread threats , virus ' were the first and for a long time the reigning champion of computer problems . However , about 5 years ago a new threat emerged that soon became its own breed of threat
 Updated review 1/18/08 ! - I am a software tech-1 . I Disable the '' ! Memory Shield ! '' , Favorites , & '' ! Ad Sites ! '' shields-they are BAD Resource Hogs -LRB- really slow surfing ! -RRB- ! a. Do daily COMPLETE `` Custom -LRB- & enable Rootkit ... ! `` C '' hard drive only ! -RRB- '' scans -LRB- about 6min . + - , & defrag HD , if slow ! -RRB- .2 . I had nothing but BAD problems ... with SSP 's new v5 .5 ... -LRB- MANY others do too ! -RRB- ! MY SOLUTION ! - I submitted a support ticket to SSP requesting a download link to their previous `` Rock Solid ... ! '' v5 .3.2.2361 . -LRB- SAVE THIS pgm , and do not EVER download pgm updates , JUST auto-definitions ... ! -RRB- ! Ignore -LRB- X -RRB- their nags to update the pgm -LRB- currently on version/Build # 124 ! - That should tell you something is amiss ! -RRB- ! a. Supposedly similar detection rates ... ? - Just not Vista ready , and MUCH faster ... ! 3 . I recommend these additional anti-malware freeware ! -1 . The latest new Adaware 2007 freeware . Finds MANY `` harmless '' Tracking cookies ! - Some may be VERY necessary ... -LRB- server.iad.liveperson , EBAY , Amazon ... -RRB- ! NOTE ! - To install / `` update '' the two following freeware - You MUST first Right click & SHUT DOWN Spy Sweeper!Do manual updates EVERY Sunday ! 2 . SpyBot Search & Destroy freeware . Can take 45sec + to open -LRB- normal ! -RRB- . Make sure and click Immunize after update , and do NOT enable Tea Timer .3 . Spyware Blaster freeware . Adds registry entries to disable/prevent malware!Install / Update , Wait 30sec , and restart - SSP will be normal!ENJOY !
 I 've tried the following spyware programs : AdAwareSpybot S&D ; etrust Pestpatroltenebril spycatcherdefender proMcAfeeNortonMicrosoftand a few others that do n't deserve to be mentioned.My final decision is that Webroot Spysweeper is the BEST spyware removal -LRB- and prevention -RRB- program on the market . You will need to get used to a few things though , like the fact that it monitors system changes fairly closely and may interfere with the installation of some programs . You can of course turn it off while installing a program , etc. I would still recommend running the free AdawareSE program and Spybot S&D ; from time to time just to double check . Also , etrust Pestpatrol sells for a very low price here on Amazon and is n't a bad program . Pestpatrols ' main problem is the interface and the fact that updates are VERY slow to download and also the program requires online `` validation '' everytime you start it so that it knows how many more days your subscription has left . Still , pick it up of you want something extra to go with Webroot Spy Sweeper.If you want a safe computer , WebRoot Spy Sweeper is a MUST OWN . If you are using another program like Norton or McAfee and think your are protected because of the `` name '' that 's on the product you are using ... . think again . In fact , McAfees ' spyware sollution performs VERY poorly when compared to WebRoot . This program is the BEST and has been for some time.-JM
 I renewed yet again.This product has been the best overall anti-malware proram , based upon my experience.Nice thing about anti-malware software is that multiple programs can be used on the same pc -LRB- though I would avoid having more than one real-time scanners set to load at startup -RRB- . Therefore I can scan once with webroot , then next time with xcleaner , then another time with adaware.I also have used - mcafee - -LRB- yuck -RRB- 1 star - spysubtract by intermute -LRB- now a part of trent micro -RRB- -4 stars - Xcleaner - I liked it as a utility pkg more than only for it 's anti-malware detection and cleanup . - 31/2 stars - counterspy - 41/2 stars . Another good product . - adaware - free verson . 31/2 stars . Better than average results .
 I 've been running this software for over a year now and never had any problems with it . It appears to keep a very close watch on any changes -LRB- good or bad -RRB- that occur to your system involving new programs , additions or subtractions to your Internet favorites , and more . This sometimes is a little annoying because it always asks you whether you want to allow the change or not ; but I think that assurance that it 's actually protecting you is worth it . Periodic complete system cleaning is easy ; about the only things it finds now are just cookies since real malware is blocked before it can be installed.One previous reviewer said that this program adversely affected Adobe products . I 've got Photoshop CS and others and have n't had any problems .
 All promises kept . Does what it is suppose to do . Plays well with other programs when it is instructed to do so . Currently running NOD32 antivirus -LRB- simply the best -RRB- and Outpost firewall which belongs in this group . I have one very tight system .
 Our business and clients have great success with utility . Often detects and removes items other utilities miss .
 I have been using Spysweeper for over 3 years with no major hassles . the only gripe I have is minor , the sweep window does n't show a progress bar ... it used to . After a windows re-install and many , many emails to Webroot , it works fine now , of course I have problems with their WindowWasher product ... sigh . Their support is kinda sucky to say the least . I DO NOT advise the Beta 3 version of Spysweeper , it is a HUGE memory hog ! It uses more memory than my ZoneAlarm security suite .
 I 'm really not sure where these terrible reviews are coming from . Maybe the product slows a really old computer down , but so does just about anything running in the background . I used the free anti-spyware products for awhile , but this software is much better to me . It 's like having a spyware bodyguard in your computer . I search for all sorts of things on the internet and I do n't worry about a website ` hijacking ' my computer . This product has been good to me . I highly recommend it . I do n't like to buy a software suite . So I just bought the anti-spyware of the Webroot software and another product for anti-virus . I 've been using the software for over a year and just renewed for another year for $ 9.95 with a coupon -LRB- look for one searching Google -RRB- . Well work it !
 After experiencing a couple of technical issues with my computers over the last three years , I 've used just about all the antispyware software on the market . Pest Patrol , Spybot , Ad-Aware , Zero Spyware , even the one Microsoft makes , Spyware beta , as well as the ones provided in the security suites -LRB- none of which are that good -RRB- , and Spy Sweeper is by far the best antispyware product today . It catches spyware that the others will periodically miss and then some . Better yet , it is more user friendly than the others , especially Pest Patrol -LRB- whose new licensing validation that is employed every time you initiate the program can be a hassle -RRB- . In fact , Spy Sweeper 4.5 is one of those rare antispyware programs that actually functions better now than its earlier versions . The descent of some of the other antispyware versions -LRB- Pest Patrol since its buyout by the folks at CA -RRB- , like its counterparts amongst the antivirus/security suite software -LRB- i.e. , Norton -RRB- , should be disconcerting enough , but if you 're looking for software that can operate either as an excellent backup for a security suite or as your primary antispyware program , Spy Sweeper is an excellent choice .
 I have had no problems with spy sweeper.It does a superb job of keepingspyware , adware and other programs I don , t want of my computer.And it doesnot crash my cumputer nor does it slow it down.This is without a doubtthe best antispyware out there.I would give it ten stars.buy it now!You will not regret it .
 Windows 98 UpgradeThis upgrade requires Windows 98 First Edition installed on your computer . Windows 98 can be used on a 486 or equivalent -LRB- like a 586 or 686 -RRB- . Later versions of Windows require Pentiums with a CPU speed greater than 150 MHz . This operating system does not support USB Mass Storage devices -LRB- memory sticks and some other USB devices -RRB- . If you ca n't get the official upgrade CD you can try the unofficial upgrade on the Internet that will both update to the Second Edition , and install the drivers for USB Mass Storage devices . Your computer BIOS must be able to support USB devices . There are PCI cards that allow USB ports on a computer that does not have them . Most modern printers require USB ports.There are Unofficial software drivers on the Internet that will update your system to Windows 98 SE . The address is
 Mary Bubb was most understanding when I informed her of MY error ; The title clearly says
 Why buy windows 8 when you can get one 90 versions newer . it is crazy to think why anyone would buy windows 8 with this on the market .
 Outside of the original system scan , I have found Virus Barrier X4 & X5 to be faster and less of a drag on system performance than Norton Anti-Virus and Virex . The manufacturer has also provided timely and fair support . They supplied a free upgrade from Version X4 to X5 within 45 days of purchase without hassle or resistance when prompted with a polite email .
 This is an excellent game . It can put you off immediately seeing that it is a Playmobil production - I mean , how many games based on a type of model are any good whatsoever . However , this game will pleasantly surprise you.Storyline - 5/5 stars
 This game was the best that I have ever played . It was challenging , but not to hard so I would n't understand it . The scenerey is beautiful , and the sound is lovely . It does have some fighting , but it is not too hard . The only bad thing about this game is that once you beat it , it is not that fun to play anymore . I hope ubisoft comes out with another hype game cuz I loved this one .
 I first played Hype on the PC of a relative and now , even at 28 , I bought the game ! The one thing about this game I like the most , it is `` healthy '' . There is an amazing storyline on one hand and on the other , there is a fair balance between problem solving -LRB- great puzzles by the way -RRB- and fights . The level of violence is fine , Hype never kills anyone , enemies faint when they die and never the player can uses unnecessary brutality . Nevertheless , combats are fun . Graphics and music are also way below average . Let 's face it , it is not exactly Zelda as they mentioned one hundred time on the box but at the third of the price , it is well worth it .
 This game is great , my family and I are having a lot of fun playing it . It 's graphically stunning and the voices are pretty good too . The gameplay is really easy to handle but it will challenge you enough even if you 're a gamer . And last but not least , action but no violence . I think this game will stand as a reference for a long time .
 Hype is one of the most startling games that I have ever had the honor to come across - I found myself pleasantly surprised by it . I must admit , I was n't really too sure about this game at first , I mean it 's a game made by Playmobil - a company that makes those lego-resembling toys for young children . What kind of game could you possibly expect coming from this children 's company?I have nothing against Playmobil , just for record , I find the Playmobil toys to be some of the most impressive children toys out there . The attention they pay to detail in the toys is just amazing , and you can see the reflection of this detail in Playmobil 's Hype
 I am a vetran RPG player , and I must say this is one heck of a game.There is violance but is at a healthy level.My only complaint is the saving system.You can save only when you see a lectern . This can get very annoying.Hype has stunning graphics -LRB- bosses are cool -RRB- and nice sound.Some puzzels may be hard for young ones but it will still be tons of fun.The magic spells are my favorite.they look cool.There is n't too many or too little.The new armor you can get is cool and the final sword you get is awesome . A must have for any PC owner !
 Hype is so much fun for all ages . It is visually stunning , with an engaging storyline and great voice acting . It is one on my all time favorite games .
 This was the first computer action game I had ever played and it was truly an inspiration to try some others . ` Hype - The Time Quest ' is based off the Playmobil Castle , a classic toy I happen to own and I have to say the UbiSoft game developers did a magnificent job of bringing a very detailed Playmobil medieval world to life , just like they had previously done on the also fantastic ` Laura 's Happy Adventures . ` Hype , a yound warrior has been sent two hundred years in the past after attempting to defend his land and his king from the evil Black Knight Barnak , now Hype must rely on his strength , his skills and his new friends to return to his time , the Era of Taskan IV and set things right once again , this adventure is certainly going to have surprises , you will certainly create `` memories '' while playing it that will undoubtedly ask you to play it again.The game has superb-graphics , the action is nicely detailed and the characters ' movements are really believable adding to the charm of the game , ` Hype ' is a much longer , serious and dark game than it 's precedetors `` Laura 's Happy Adventures '' and the kiddie `` Alex Builds His Farm . '' The game is exciting , challenging and filled with fun puzzles and objectives.The music adds a lot of pleasant atmosphere , very well crafted and carefully added to different game-play situations , scary music is also well added to the `` creepy parts . '' Wildlife sounds and even a few wandering animals are all around , making the game feel more realistic . Different time periods bring different atmospheres , the Night era of Taskan II is breathtaking , look at that beautiful night sky and that big , round moon over the little town 's roofs ! Outstanding ! Of course , like all good things , especially video games , they must come to an end and as soon as you reach that closing video , you 'll be brethless thinking `` I. . . I ca n't believe it is over ... No more ? I could go on forever ! `` Overall , in the two years I 've had this game I 've played it through completion twice . It is definitely something you will treasure , for it will bring a lot of hours of fun to you and your family . A winner !
 This game is challenging and funny adventure . It makes you want to play it everyday . The spells have great graphics and it has a good story . It 's like a Baldur 's Gate and Diablo game for kids .
 Though a little scary for my 7-year old daughter -LRB- who only likes to play while I 'm in the room with her -RRB- ... this is a wonderful game . No blood or gore , but bats ... ghosts ... skeletons ... and of course , the Black Knight ! The music and scenery are engaging . Amazingly , these little plastic Playmobil characters really seem to come alive in this game . Hours of fun ... a very well-conceived theme . My daughters also LOVE Playmobil 's Laura 's Happy Adventures . I hope more of these great family games are around the corner !!
 Contrary to the review posted by tuj28 22 months ago , I find this product to be excellent at removing detritus from my C drive that has eluded the cleanup processes of a number of other products . In fact , I use the product to perform many of the tasks outlined in the `` Product Review '' section of the ad.I quote from Cnet , a highly regarded technology website , which tested the product and awarded it an impressive four and one-half stars : `` Windows saves a copy of more or less everything on your computer . Every Web site you visit , every picture , every video ; it 's all cached or saved or logged somewhere inside your PC . Apart from the security and privacy issues , all that stuff consumes storage and performance resources . A lot of tools promise to clean it all out , but few do . We looked at East-Tec Eraser 2011 from East Technologies , and found it to be a tool that can do the job . It cleans deeply , even files stored as Shadow Volume Copies ; thoroughly wipes deleted files ; alerts you to risks ; runs scheduled cleanups ; and cleans traces from all major -LRB- and many minor -RRB- browsers as well as messenger programs and other popular applications.East-Tec Eraser 2011 's wizard-based interface opened with a Quick Start page with three basic options
 I have been a Norton Antivirus user for many years but after reading other reviews here I purchased PC-cillin a month ago . Lots of helpful features and security measures that you would have to pay extra for if using Norton but it 's all included here . The Quick Start Guide answered all of my questions and help me to set it as most suited to my needs -LRB- I am not a pro at this stuff by any stretch -RRB- . Takes care of spyware , too , which I had a problem with before . Awesome product !
 I installed PC-cillin a couple of weeks ago and it 's working great . Installation was a snap . It also has both anti-virus and firewall capabilities .
 This is an excellent product . My computer had been infected with a virus that was not caught by my Norton 's antivirus software . I purchased PC-cillin hoping that it would isolate the virus and repair the damage . It did all that I had hoped ! This is well worth the price .
 Remeber that old saying ? Well just like that , PC-cillin Internet Security 2004 sees a virus on your system , and gets it off before a massive infection occurs . PC-cillin in fact was why my computer is so stable , and it 's also the reason why I did n't lose my files . I had a virus on my system a long time ago , and I had no idea I did , -LRB- of course I did n't have Anti-Virus software installed -RRB- and after getting Pc-cillin , I scanned my computer and I had over 300 infected files . All of the infected files -LRB- Executables , thank gosh -RRB- were deleted , and the virus I had once had on my computer was no longer existant . Just like that . No computer can be stable without an Anti-Virus software , and this my friends , is choice . We all know that saying ... `` You 've got champane taste , and beer money '' , well this time you can buy the champane with beer money , because this is the most unbelieveably affordable piece of anti-virs software on the planet , and the best one , too . The gods have opened up the heavens and unveiled PC-cillin Internet Security 2004 . Hands down , the best Anti-Virus software ever made .
 I will recommend this and any products coming from Trend Micro . What do I like of them ? There are self maintenance , wish means you do n't have to baby sit the program . The program will check for upgrades automatically and keep up to date . I believe that is the best feature of their packages .
 I have had both Norton and McAfee products before purchasing this product . Both feel short in many areas . Based upon a magazine review I purchased this product in the Summer of 2004 . This is the best security software for the home user . With an easy setup procedure and powerful tools , this software is the best for protecting your home network or computer . It is now January of 2005 and I have had zero incidents.PC-cillin constantly updates to protect from new threats on the Internet . This is what I like about this product . It updates itself and is ever vigilant against the nasties floating out in cyberspace.Other reviewers have commented on bad technical support , but I have not had any problems with the online technical support . I am unable to comment on the efficiency of their telephone support .
 I purchased PC-cillin about a month ago after reading reviews on here and other sites . I ca n't agree more that the package is by far the best , and it really makes me wonder why other companies ca n't do the same ? It does n't seem too hard to bundle a decent firewall with anti-virus software , but so far only Trend has managed to do it this well . Paying for the name gets old and expensive , so goodbye Norton and McAfee !
 I actually have the 2003 version , but have found through experience , that when you need support , Trend Micro responds .
 I was the first person to write a review of this program , and just wanted to give an update.PC-cillin Internet Security 2004 by Trend Micro is still the best ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY WITH ANYTHING ELSE ! Norton Internet Security is junk and everything else is a joke.Read my original review , everything in it still holds true !
 Trend Micro - PC Cillin - Internet SecuritySymantec - Norton - Internet SecurityMcAfee - Internet Securitynotice something ? they all sing the same song ... but none of them are really all that pretty . -LSB- for all major AV personal products -RSB- 1st
 Yesterday , for the first time , I actually picked up a virus on my laptop . Now , you might think that it was my carelessness or opening an attachment that I was n't suppose to . Nope ... Basically , I got the virus because my -LRB- updated on daily basis -RRB- Norton antivirus software failed to do it 's job . I was pretty bummed because I have so much on my laptop as a physician and besides I lecture at a university and have all my lectures on my laptop in PowerPoint format . The way I found out my laptop was actually infected was not by Norton but by a reading a warning email sent to me from my workplace , originating from Trend Micro -LRB- parent company of Pc-Cillin . -RRB- Well , most of us have never even heard of Trend Micro and it 's a shame because if it was n't for these guys I would have had been typing this on my desktop not my laptop!After spending $ 50 for a Norton antivirus software I was expecting a bit of `` security '' at least . Well , not only did I not get that , once Norton actually found the virus 10 hrs later , it said that it could n't delete , repair or quarantine the file , which simply means the virus was alive and well ! I went to Trend Micro 's site , and although I was not a customer then , they had FANTASTIC removal instructions , information on the virus and an automated repair file for download , ALL LESS THAN 2 HOURS AFTER THE VIRUS BROKE LOOSE!Now , I do n't know about you but I was VERY impressed that I was able to get rid of the virus by using their tools WITHOUT having to pay one penny . That did it for me ... I deleted my Norton and bought a digital download copy of Pc-cillin and it is working GREAT!Now about the software :1 . Installation
 This program combines anti-virus protection with a firewall , anti-spam and spyware protectionIt is a great program , but it will not load properly if you previously used Norton Anti-Virus or Internet Security.The normal uninstall process will not remove all Symantec files from your computer -LRB- this has been a serious problem with Symantec from the beginning -RRB- . In the case of Norton Anti-Virus and Norton Internet Security , the remaining files will conflict with Trend Micro 's products . To remove them , go to Symantec 's website and download a file named `` RnisUPG.exe '' . Run it , and it will remove the offending files .
 I had Norton Internet Security 2003 and it worked great ... one of the features that I liked was the user interface as well as the ad/pop-up blocking feature along w/the logs on internet usage . I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources -LRB- Cnet , Amazon , message boards -RRB- and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update . In January of 2004 , I renewed my subscription service for NIS 2003 but on Jan 7 , everything changed . There was a Verisign problem that conflicted w/Word and Excel and was posted on the Symantec site that affected computers . The Symantec site said it did n't affect NIS but I believe it did . I also believe that when I renewed my subscription service that Symantec uploaded the NIS 2004 patch . All of a sudden everything that reviewers were writing about NIS 2004 was happening to my computer . Booting up my computer took forever !!! Then , my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone . My file log was not responding and the program was not blocking any cookies or unauthorized sites . After extensive researching on the Symantec site I broke down and called Symantec . Again , every review written about the Tech Line is true ... after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep. I had to pay $ 29.95 just to go any further . After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program -LRB- which I had already done -RRB- ... They sent me a link to their website to follow instructions on ridding my registry of all Symantec products so I could get a clean re-install . They did n't know what the problem could be . They said to call back if it still did n't work after the complete uninstall . I did it and it was worse the second time around ... unbelievable . I gave up . Basically , I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.After reading reviews of PC-cillin Internet Security by Trend Micro , I decided to give it a try . After downloading the program , I turned around and bought it . This is a great product . My computer immediately boots up , the program does n't go through ridiculous scans and gives me the opportunity to download new updates . The program cost $ 49.95 but if you area previous owner of a Norton Anti Virus or Internet Security product and show proof then they will give you a $ 25 rebate . Needless to say , I mailed my NIS 2003 disk along w/the rebate form to them.In conclusion , Symantec has turned a long time user into a lost customer forever . They got my last dollar . I 've gone to work and told colleagues about PC-cillin Internet Security and to spend their money on this program . Needless to say , Norton not only lost me but three of my co-workers to Trend-Micro . Please , save your money ... do n't go through what I did . Also , read the reviews from other sites also ... I recommend Cnet , Amazon , and others ... Please avoid NIS 2004 !!! You 'll be glad you did !!!!
 Good
 After being very satisfied with their previous version -LRB- PC-Cillin 2003 -RRB- , I was wondering if Trend Micro could really keep it up with their latest PC-Cillin 2004 . Not only did they meet my high expectations , but the Trend team surpassed them as well . I have been having the product for over a month now and I 'm very impressed with the swith.The main window gives you access to 6 panes from which you interface PC-Cillin 2004.1 . Status Window - You can view your internet status , antivirus status and event logs .2 . System Window - Enables you to scan and clean files , specify scan tasks , configure virus scan settings and access to quarantined items .3 . Email Window - Configure settings to scan your incoming and outgoing emails -LRB- both POP and webmail -RRB- and set the level of spam filter -LRB- Yes a spam filter , and an effective one ! -RRB- 4 . Internet Window - Allows user to block some URLs -LRB- for parental purposes -RRB- , set rules for privacy and data collection .5 . Firewall Window - Allows you to select a preset firewall profile and enables you to specify network virus preventive actions .6 . Update Window - Configure your update settings , manually update button and registration details . The Intelligent Update feature , if enabled , can download and install the latest definitions without any input from the user.As you can see , this is a fully featured internet security suite . The interface might not be as flashy as Norton 's but its nevertheless very intuitive without the added resource hogging of other antivirus softwares.Its no secret other antivirus makers are aggresive advertiser for their products . But their products fail to meet the expectations of their users . Yes , they have high sales but equally a high number of dissatisfied customers . On the other hand , Trend lets its effectiveness of their products do the talking . PC-Cillin 2004 , in my humble opinion is a far superior product that offers good value for money . Try it for yourself by downloading their evaluation version . You will be glad you did .
 I have been a PC-cillin user for years , they have always been up to date with the latest virus threats and the website is unmatched with a searchable virus encyclopedia and ways to remove the virus even if you do not own the product.This product is far superior to the others ... it has everything you can ever want , including a real time scan engine to terminate any new virus , an auto-update feature , eliminates spyware/adware , can block spam mail , and has a firewall to prevent viruses altogether .
 I had a bad experience with Norton Internet security 2004 - really made a noticable difference in performance on my brand new P4 3Ghz processor with 1Gb of ram.Also seemed to conflict with other Apps . Thought of going with McAfee but its latest version got worse reviews than Norton -LRB- which were at best so-so on average -RRB- . Recently installed Pccillin - very similar interface to Norton -LRB- very user friendly -RRB- and absolutely NO problems - no system slow down etc. . . this is what I wanted firewall/virus/trojan horse etc. protection running without making any difference in how my PC performs . Highly recommend this software .
 Bought this based on ratings by PC World Magazine and this site . Loaded easily , updates frequently , runs flawlessly . Huge improvement over Symantec 's Norton Anti-virus which caused my system to crash constantly . Finally an anti-virus program that works !
 PC-cillin has performed an amazing virus surgery on my computer that Norton Anti-virus and theothers could not do . PC-cillin got rid of the most deadly virus immediately after it was installedon my computer , and without even waiting to update its anti-virus database - simply amazing!For about six months my computer was getting sluggish . I suspected it was troubled by virus but , although I updated my Norton Anti-Virus everyday and scanned the entire computer many times over , Norton declared that it found no virus.Then , one day I started using the Bluetooth wireless dial-up modem kit , but the internet connectiongot disconnected repeatedly . Each time a note would appear on the screen warning that the computerwould restart in 60 seconds . I finally contacted the Zoom modem tech support , and the technicianimmediately identified the problem ; my computer was plagued by the Blaster.Worm virus . Now , I wasprepared to forgo using the bluetooth gadgets , but to be plagued by the deadly Blaster.Worm got mevery concerned.I re-installed Norton , updated it , and rescanned the entire computer many times , thinking that withthis fine-tooth comb scanning , NAV might get rid of the Blaster.Worm . Not only Norton Anti Viruscould n't do anything , but Norton publish a big splash on the website with a long lecture on howdeadly the Blaster.Worm is . Also , from then on , every time I scanned , a Norton note would appearon my screen , proclaiming that :1 . It can not delete the Blaster2 . It can not quarantine it .3 . It can not repair it.Now , what use is an anti-virus software that boasts of its superiority but is unable to help youwhen you need help desparately?I also tried two other anti-virus software but to no avail.Then , thanks to Amazon for this customer review feature , I chanced upon this web page on PC-cillinand read some encouraging reviews.I immediately ordered the PC-cilling from Amazon , and it arrived at my door step in less than 48hours ! The amazing Amazon ! I had opted for free delivery , which was estimated at 7 days , but thequick free delivery was a pleasant surprise.PC-cillin detected and killed the Blaster.Worm plus a few other viruses the moment it wasinstalled . Obviously , I am now a new ardent convert to PC-cillin , and I want to thank the userswho took time to share their experience by writing their reviews on this Amazon review page.PC-cillin - keep up the good work!Amazon , your efficiency is simply amazing.HYCalifornia
 BIAS SoundSoap 2 its all that its crack up to be!In other words ITS GREAT !!! Roland Allen
 I am using Bias Sound Soap in conjunction with a Sound Forge , a Sony RK-G136 Audio Cable and a Sony Walkman WM-FX290W to convert old cassette tapes to CDs by connecting the Walkman to my laptop.Bias Sound Soap has made several of my old recording usable . This product is amazing when it comes to removing unwanted noise or sounds . I have used it to eliminate backgrounds voices which normally is nearly impossible . I have yet to find a product that can outperform Sound Soap for removing unwanted noise , rumble , or unwanted voices . I have combined Sound Soap with Sony Sound Forge to create an easy to use but very powerful sound editing tool.Short Guide to converting a cassette tape to a CD.First , plug in the RK-G136 cable into the headphone port on the Walkman , and the audio input port on your computer . Next , startup Sound Forge , and click on record and press play on the Walkman . Once you have captured the tape now you can eliminate the long lead in by highlighting these areas and pressing delete . Now you can find an area on your audio that has noise and either use Sound Forge noise reduction or Bias Sound Soap to learn this noise and eliminate it throughout your audio . Finally , you are now ready to export your audio to a CD.With these two products you can easily import , edit , cleanup and export clear , high quality audio to a CD in just a few minutes . These two products ability at removing rumble , swishing sounds , background noise , and talking is remarkable.If you want to cleanup old cassette tapes these four products are indispensable.Sony RK-G136 Audio Connecting CordSony Walkman WM-FX290WSony Sound Forge Pro 10Bias Sound Soap
 for cleaning snap , crackle and pops from your recordings . With just minimal adjustments , I was able to remove all of the above from old and battered 33s and 78s that I transfer to CD using my beloved ION TTUSB turntable . These two products are the best money I 've ever spent to save my favorite music . Unbeatable !
 This really is a good -LRB- NOT GREAT -RRB- piece of software for cleaning up the audio in a lot of video recordings -- it is particularly well suited to cleaning up video captured from VHS tapes or other analog media.It is easy to use , and very straight forward , and in most normal cases , does a good job -LRB- for a common exception , read on below -RRB- . HOWEVER , it is n't great with compressed video . For instance , it can READ mp4 files , but not write them back . So you clean up the audio in a mp4 , and you get a quicktime . mov file out of it ! It is really annoying -- you have to then go and make it into a mp4 again on your own . How did the designers miss this?A big functional complaint I have with it is that there are a lot of cases in digitized files of particularly bad VHS tapes where there will be OCCASIONAL spikes of high frequency noise in the middle of the recording . This software can not do anything at all about these . All you need is a simple feature where you tell it to cut out any signals above a certain frequency . It is amazingly that this simple feature , so common in these sorts of programs , is missing here.And the MOST ANNOYING PROBLEM with this software is that there is a visual noise window that progresses along as the video plays . Well , if you manually adjust the video position , the noise window does not update with the position change until you press play again . It is dumbfounding that such an obvious bug/flaw is in a commercial software product.So . . if you can deal with these annoying oversights in the program and the limited scope of its abilities , it will work well for you .
 This software both works as an independent product , or links in to Sound Forge and other programs . I use it in Sound Forge as an after-recording cleaner , and it does exactly what it says - cleans up the recording and removes the `` dirt '' from the sound . I have n't found anything else that compares to it .
 I use this software to eliminate `` hiss '' from my amp in my recordings . It 's quick and simple to use , bottom line , it works as advertised . My biggest concern was that while eliminating the hiss , it would strip the quality of sound from my tracks . Well , it does n't , so I give it 5 stars ... . You can go to the website and download the demo for free , then purchase if you like it . Does n't get much easier than that.Someone mentioned that they had issues with the activation code , I did not ...
 I 've been using SoundSoap with Acoustica 's Spin It Again , and it works great ! Have n't used it yet as a stand alone product , but as an add-in its great .
 Holy cow . I 've used other filters to clean music , and for this price , I expected a `` decent '' job . SoundSoap 2 delivered awesome results with the most simple operation -- the Learn Noise button . I 'm a multi-track artist and had transferred old `` open-reel '' recordings to minidisc and then CD , in order to archive them . I was not happy with the hiss from older recordings when converting to MP3s . SoundSoap brought these recordings back to life-virtually eliminating the hiss and noise ! It even made them `` sparkle . '' And the less I messed with the settings , the better it came out . Downside is that it ca n't directly save MP3s , but no biggie -- use Audacity -LRB- free on the Web -RRB- or iTunes to then convert your files . Nice job , Bias !
 What a great product ! I have nothing but good things to say about Soundsoap . I use it to clean audio from interviews done with my digital recorder , and it does an amazing job ! Copy the audio out of whatever you use to edit , import -LRB- . aif , . mp3 , . wav , . mp4 , . mov , . whatever -RRB- , use the learn sound , and then tweek away at the knobs . You should be able to get good results in about 3 minutes . The `` learn sound '' function is key - and it helps to isolate 2-3 seconds of the sound in a seperate file , import it , learn it , save the settings , and then import the entire file you want to `` soap '' . Great results and I 've had no trouble saving as . aif and . wav.Why not 5 stars ? It 's key that you use this product with other audio software -LRB- not as a plug-in necessarily , but so you can bump volume , isolate good sounds to learn , etc. -RRB- and the knobs and sliders give the software a sort of black-box feel - you 're never really sure how it works . Finally , the instruction book is a . pdf file , which some people find convenient , but I find it a pain.Again , I 've used this for interviews with outdoor ambient noise -LRB- leaves rustling , water burbling -RRB- and with AC units , lights , refrigerators , fans , etc. running in the background . Do n't expect this to take out certain voices , or interuptions in the background - it wo n't happen . It has to be constant , `` broadband '' noise .
 I have large LP collection consisting of several hundred classical albums that have been sitting in my garage collecting dust for years . I finally decided that I should try and see if I could covert them to digital and spent several weeks playing around with a variety of different hardware configurations and software programs . Needless to say , I was n't entirely happy with the results . As a last resort , I had read some good reviews about Sound Soap -LRB- but was still skeptical -RRB- and decided to make one last effort to convert my LPs using it . To put it mildly , I have been absolutely AMAZED at the results I 'm now able to obtain with Sound Soap.Sound Soap is incredibly simple to use and performs magic on most LPs . While some noise ca n't be completely eliminated and I also have to put some minor finishing touches on my audio files using other programs after they 've been processed using Sound Soap , I am certain that I would n't be able to obtain the spectacular results I 'm now getting without it . This is one of the few software programs I 've come across that I can recommend without any reservations .
 I 've been using SoundSoap 2 to clean up analog-to-digital conversions of my LP collection ... it really is easy to use once you 've watched the video to learn the basics . The thing it does n't do stand-alone -LRB- since it 's designed as a plug-in to other systems -RRB- is split a file into pieces -LRB- i.e. splitting a side of an LP into songs -RRB- . I 've been using a freeware tool from Exact Audio Copy that does a nice job of that ... and my vinyl has never sounded so good .
 After having a few problems registering the product over the Internet due to my computer 's firewall , the product has performed flawlessly . It does take a little time to learn how to use it to it 's fullest potential since the documentation is a little thin on information . Overall though , it is a great product .
 Do you have a stack of LPs sitting in the storage that you never play anymore ? You might choose to digitize them.Everyone creates their own process to do this . I combined the Ion USB turntable , Toast Titanium , a nice inexpensive audio application called Sound Studio and SoundSoap 2 to create my process.I first had to question the expense of digitizing LPs vs buying CDs or digital music and , foremost , I wondered if I could expect that digitizing LPs would produce good results at all?I think , if you have a lot of LP 's , and the time ... . that it is worth the cost to buy what you need to do the digitizing . Some of your LPs will have problems that are commonly referred to as `` pops '' and `` clicks '' . SoundSoap does an excellent job of removing these artifacts . SoundSoap can turn a good to very good recording into near mint.Through studio head phones I compared the results of a SoundSoap scrubbed record selection to the same commercial CD selection . I could hear very little difference . Without head phones , just listening like you normally would ... I assure you that you are not going to be able to tell any difference.I also used Sound Soap on many 78s , some that are in rough shape with surface noise as well as pops and clicks . SoundSoap helped to clean them without leaving behind the `` digital '' artifacts or `` metallic '' sound that I heard using other software.Sound Soap is also easy to use and you 'll shortly get the hang of it without resorting to the manual.My one suggestion to make SoundSoap more versatile would be to add an export option to MP3 . The `` save as '' selections are WAV AIFF and SDII
 I saw the demo of the program and thought , `` That 's exactly what I need ! '' . I have been working on the post side of a movie Quest for the Golden Rod for over a year now -LRB- ... -RRB- and due to the actors spreading to the four winds I 'm stuck with the audio I got from my Sennheiser MKE-300 . Which is n't bad , but not great eithor . I was forced to use it both in doors and outside having little `` problems '' like airplans , TOO LOUD of a river bank and of course the ever famous electronic hum -LRB- fridges -RRB- . So I crossed my fingers and dropped $ 90 on this tool , plugged it into Adobe Premeir Pro 2.0 and was amazed that it was VERY simular to the results one would expect from a standard Noise Gate feature . Then I watched the online tutorials and learned the magical way of `` learn sound '' and that helped . I mean it was kind of remarkable it would remove very specific frequences and would behind only the voice -LRB- if you desired it -RRB- . But here in lies it 's flaw . DISTORTION . The more noise removal the quiter the audio gets and the more `` canny '' -LRB- that 's how I put it -RRB- the voice becomes . Still legable and clear , but very distorted . So if you are doing a documentary then A + + if you are doing a film let 's hope the background audio you are trieing to remove is n't too bad . Works best against repetitive back ground noise like humming . Very little distortion there . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The SoundSoap 2 software -LRB- running on my older Mac -RRB- is a neat tool to go with BIAS 's Peak recording software . It works quite well in dealing with my albums -LRB- 33 rpm records , licorice pizza , stacks o ' wax , etc. -RRB- and the pops , clicks , and scratches that sometimes came on a brand new vinyl LP . You should take a tour of the BIAS website and watch / listen to the demo they have for SoundSoap . It will do all that , but it is possible to overdo the signal processing and swamp out some of the music content . However , that can be the case with other click repair software too . The best approach I 've found is not to try to create a ` master recording ' with studio like audio qualities , but instead focus on cleaning up an obnoxious record or cassette.SS 's ` learn noise ' feature is dead handy , and the 50/60 cycle buzz remover works great . Best of all is being able to keep your master digital recording -LRB- mine done through BIAS Peak LE -RRB- and play with the settings in SoundSoap . Too little click removal ? Too much removal of crackles and the music suffers ? Delete the file and try again . A very easy to use , effective , and affordable tool for the music lover who 's facing a stack of wax unplayed for years . I breathed new life into Moody Blues ` Days of Future Passed ' and Horst Jankowski 's ` Walk in the Black Forest . ' Next up , the overplayed and abused vinyl of The Doors . I wonder how that will turn out ... ? BIAS SoundSoap 2 -LRB- Windows/Macintosh -RRB- Bias SoundSoap 2 , Hybrid CD Win/MacBIAS SoundSoap 2 -LRB- Windows/Macintosh -RRB-
 I use this as a ` stand alone ' program . SoundSoap2 works well to convert LPs to CDs once you figure the sequence of the tasks involved to ` clean ' your tracks . The instruction manual -LRB- which must be printed from the CD -RRB- does n't do a good job of explaining how to use the program , in my opinion . It does a fairly thorough job of detailing the features but does n't tell you in what order to use them . Once I figured it out , it was fairly easy . I am still learning the program and how to achieve the ` cleanest ' tracks . So far , so good , but I am a ` newbie ' at converting LPs to CDs .
 I have used Fitday 's software for a year now , and I find it very useful for a variety of reasons . Basically , Fitday allows you to store , track , and analyze a huge number of different factors related to nutrition and exercise . This includes food , activity , mood , weight , and measurements.Specifically , the program has a large number of foods in its database -LRB- taken from USDA databases -RRB- , and allows you to enter your own custom foods either by entering new foods , or modifying entries already in their database . Once you enter your food , you can keep track of your calories , fat , carbohydrates , protein , and a whole host of vitamins and minerals . If you want , you can pull up a graph showing you which foods provided you with different nutrients in a day , or another graph that tells you which friend you ate with when you consumed most of your calories -LRB- or fat , carb , etc -RRB- . There are a huge number of exercises in the database too , which cover just about every activity you might do -LRB- including odd ones like shoe repair , digging for worms , and conducting music -RRB- . You can also enter custom exercises . The program allows you to record your daily mood , i.e. how you felt that particular day . You can also set your weight , height , and other metabolism information -LRB- for example , how active you are at work -RRB- , and the program estimates the calories you burn in a day just from existing . Once you enter your weight , you can set a weight goal , which includes the date you need to lose the weight by . Then , the software tells you how much weight you need to lose per week , and as you lose weight , you can update the software , and it generates a handy line graph showing your progress . If you do n't think weight is an accurate measurement of progress , you can enter your neck , bicep , forearm , chest , waist , hip , thigh , and calf measurements , and track all of them . You can find some basic reports on the overview tab , including a comparison of calories burned versus consumed for a given time period -LRB- you set that -RRB- . If you want more detailed reports about food or activity , they too are available.However , there are a few drawbacks to the software . First , no weight loss software is going to come with every food in its database . This means that if you want an accurate estimate of daily nutrients and calories , you will -LRB- at least initially -RRB- be entering a lot of custom foods . While the software is easy to navigate , entering a bunch of custom foods can become tedious , and those who are not too excited about their diet may find it too much work . Second , while the software permits multiple users , I have n't found a way to transfer custom foods from one user to another , which means that people in the same household eating the same custom foods will have to enter them in twice . Third , the software could easily track more nutrients than it does , since the USDA database it is based on contains many values Fitday omits
 I have had this software for about a month and I 'm very happy with it . It 's pretty easy to use and has lots of easy to understand charts and graphs . Apparently most people buy this software to help them lose weight and it will work for that purpose . However , I use it simply to keep track of what I eat and it tells me on a daily and weekly basis what nutrients I 'm not getting enough of , and what harmful things -LRB- such as sugar , salt , fats and cholesterol -RRB- I 'm getting too much of.I did some reaearch before I bought it , and the only nutrition software programs that are better than this one cost several times more .
 I have been using this program -LRB- both the online version and the PC version -RRB- for over two years . It is an amazing tool for anyone who is trying to be smart about weight loss.Not only are there a multitude of tools at your disposal - calorie tracker , goal tracker -LRB- estimated calories per day you should restrict etc -RRB- but in simple analysis of you ' r input you can understand exactly what you eat and how it affects your body.This tool encourages you to understand the science behind weight loss , the ideal calorie and fat-protien-carb ratios.I agree with another revewier who commented a down-side was that the pre-programed foods do tend to assume butter and salt , but If you enter as many `` custom foods '' as you can , i.e. condiments etc , and type in meals not based on pre-programmed recipies -LRB- I do ingredient by ingredient -- its much easier than it sounds ! -RRB- , then this is no worry -- and I find that once I look at the nutrition labels as I type in the food , not only do I learn more about the food itself , but it can act as a deterrant - for example
 I bought FitDay and am very happy with it . I tried other software -LRB- Weightmania and CalorieKing -RRB- but I think FitDay is the best value . It has lots of reports that are very useful and it 's easy to find your way around . By the way , if you create a free account on FitDay 's webpage , you get the software for $ 19.99 -LRB- download -RRB- . What I do n't like is that you ca n't just try it out . They do n't offer a demo . However they give a money back guarantee . Luckily I did n't need it . I 'll stick with this program .
 This is a great , easy to use program . I have used many different things to help me loose weight and eat better and nothing has helped me more than this . It has everything you would want to track your diet and is fun to use as well . I use it everyday and would highly recommend it as a complete nutritional aid .
 I have used this diet tool for over a year to shed pounds and/or maintain and absolutely swear by it . You need to be extremely dedicated to adding everything you eat . -LRB- Always add it BEFORE you eat it , it 's amazing how you will eliminate . -RRB- It has any report or allows you to create any report you will ever need . Although , -LRB- as some have mentioned -RRB- it lacks food items I do n't find that much of an issue . It is very simple to add foods with as much or little information as you want , although I do wish you could save foods to multiple accounts . In addition , anything made from scratch can be added by ingredients and combined into one item.The metabolism feature is fantastic as you can customize the exact number of calories you burn every minute of the day based on activity , age , and current weight . It even calculates calories burnt during digestion of the food you consume that day . It does n't get much more accurate than that.I highly recommend this program and do n't think you will be disappointed . I certainly was n't . Faithful user for 1 + years .
 This is a great product ! Those looking for an all in one drum solution wo n't find it here , but for $ 50 you get well more than should be expected . Anyone serious about beat production will have a good sample library , pro sequencer , and truly get the most out of idrum as a plugin.CM
 Folks criticize this software because it does n't do what they want . Seems to me it make more sense to see what it does and then decide whether it 's a good buy . You can download a demo with documentation and use it for ten days and decide for yourself . I 've decided it 's a very usable tool for a great price.You can make a beat very quickly and intuitively , import your own sounds including non-drum sounds , do stutter effects , do very cool variable amount swingish beats , 999 bar songs , save patterns , kits etc.As for a four four only time signature - do some math ! Five bars of four can be converted to 5/4 . 124/4 / bars wil get you 3/4 besides if you are doing hip hop or downtempo electronica , most likely you 'll be in 4/4 ! You ca n't beat it for 50 bucks .
 I 've had this product for about 6 months now & love it although the layout of the plug-in might be a little confusing at first . The presets are a strong feature , a few dozen to choose from that you can very simply scroll through , pick the one you want & play . A major weak point in my book lies in the fact that when inserting the plug-in on a track , it takes a longer time than normal for it to load up so it 's evident that this piece of software is pretty taxing on the computer 's processor & not too efficient , even for one that is has a lot of RAM . Other than that , it has amazing distortion settings for guitar or anything else you want to add distortion or character to with tweakable parameters . Much less expensive than some other guitar distort plug-ins & a no-brainer for Pro Tools LE users .
 Finally , someone developed a suite of plug-ins for `` mastering '' that really work . The audio performance is fantastic and they are really simple to use . Great presets , great customer service , great everything . I can not give any assessment attribute anything less than a 5 . I have been producing audio for a good number of years and putting the polish on a mixdown has always been , well , lets just say less than easy , until I discovered this software . Hours of work , and hit-and-miss frequency tweeking , etc. are accomplished with a simple selection and a little fine tuning.Even making custom presets , that incorporate established equalization curves , is a snap.The most difficult thing is saying the complete name of this software in one breath.I 'd recommend trialing it and if you are like me , you 'll be hooked.Ted GitzkeFreeTimeWe Write Right Music
 This , dollar for dollar , is the VERY BEST MONEY I 'VE EVER , EVER SPENT on recording software plugins . I love the interface , ane the inoffensive green theme . The controls are fairly intuitive and the results are impressive and immediate . I use it for everything from overall mastering to livening up indevidaul tracks and moving instruments `` back '' or changing their placement without moving them in the mix . Ozone is awesome for scattering things all over the eq spectrum . The reverb is tastey , simple , and effortless . The maximizer is intelligent and flexible . The EQ is powerful and self-explanatory . And yes , I admit , I like to download and teak the presets people make up . All plugins should be so powerful and affordable .
 iZotope Ozone 3 is a godsend to the amateur and advanced home recordist . Lots of great features , an intuitive interface , and great product support -LRB- they have a mastering guide on their website -RRB- . Used correctly , this software will put that elusive sheen on your recordings and give you a more professional finished demo or product .
 great for home recording - need a boost ? use this ! need that shine to your home recording ? Use this ! Love it !
 I have a 3 year old son and he was able to learn and navigate the game very quickly . I enjoy playing it with him . No difficulty installing or getting it up and running . Game works well overall and easy to use . I would recommend it to others .
 I played this game about 10 years ago and I loved it . It had tons of neat features and many customization options from what I can remember . I do n't remember anything specific about it , but I loved it as a kid , even though I had a defective version . Buy it . NOW .
 I will spare you another discription of the features , they are numerous and easy enough to find . Instead , and given that there is some resistance , more on the part of novelists than film folk , to using software tools , I 'll focus this on how my writing style meshed with the program and perhaps that will help you in your evaluation of whether the program will work with yours.For starters , I dispise index cards and all the standard approaches to organizing . Found them too limiting , and not in synch with the way I think . I 'm more comfortable having all of my book related materials on my computer than I am having the manuscript on the hardrive and everything else tacked to the wall or whatever . Because that stuff never worked for me I tried not to use it . The result was a poorly organized folder of Word docs and several bastardized Lotus applications that never really got the job done.Storyview gets the job done . It presents in a way I 'm comfortable with and the features are incredible . I 've gone from not being able to keep up with stuff I needed to know , to exploring and structuring in greater depth b/c the tool box is so full that I ca n't pass it up.I use Storyview in combination with the companion software Dramatica and a competitor 's product named Power Structure . Might be a tad overkill , and certainly is n't because of any shortcoming with Storyview . If you 're on the fence ; comfortable with software tools for your creative projects , but hesitant to invest in something that might demand your writing become a slave to its programing . Or if you are weary of buying some poor improvement on the jokes that were first generation writing programs , Storyview is an excellant test-the-waters intro to a new realm of tools .
 StoryView is an amazing outlining tool . I looked and read reviews of a lot of other software programs before deciding on this one . First off , let me say , it does look rather scary at first . But all you need to do is look at the examples they give you such as Pulp Fiction or Star Wars . It did n't take me long before I started outlining my first story with it . I am very lazy writer and I never get anything done with note cards . With StoryView I am always thinking about my story and writing . Its amazing . It has a brainstorming layout , outline layout , 4 act part , etc. . There is a nice `` track '' feature that allows you to make connections between different characters and scenes and so forth . You can color coordinate different scenes to help you when you are done . Plus you can print out the whole time-line for pre-production use -LRB- if you are so lucky -RRB- . So to sum up the program , it is simply the best software out there .
 This software is very helpful in collecting one 's thoughts in the writing process . I am not a linear thinker or writer , so it has been quite useful to have software that can capture my work the way I ` do ' it , and then so easily eases it into proper storytelling order . It is fairly easy to learn , at least enough to get well underway , with the rest simple enoug to grow into as you get more experienced with the program . It is currently holding onto various stages of four works-in-progress for me -- THANK GOODNESS ! : - -RRB-
 I use it all of the time for any type of outlining
 Recently , I bought the April issue of Writer 's Digest . On the back , there was an ad for this software ... the main bargain is how the software helps the writer develop a great plot from brainstorming ideas . So often , we get a mental block but the software helps you overcome the pitfalls of writing and it lets you enjoy your passion . Without good software , writing would be a chore . Do not be mislead by the name of the company that produces the software because the software is a major asset of novel writers .
 ... I decided to buy it at Amazon because of the great bargain . But the main bargain is how the software helps the writer develop a great plot from brainstorming ideas . So often , we get a mental block but the software helps you overcome the pitfalls of writing and it lets you enjoy your passion . Without good software , writing would be a chore . Do not be mislead by the name of the company that produces the software because the software is a major asset of novel writers .
 Update
 I recently started using CrossOver Mac on my new MacBook , and I now ca n't live without it ! If you own a Mac and you want to run PC based applications like Microsoft Office 2003 , Steam Games , or Internet Explorer 6 , this is the software you need to buy . I bought it to run Outlook so I could get my office e-mail , but I now use it for games and browsing the Internet -LRB- not a fan of FireFox -RRB- . The software was very easy for me to install and use . It runs in the background so I do n't even have to deal with any settings . Best of all , I saved money in getting this functionality without having to buy a Windows license . I know other software applications offer all the features and functionality of CrossOver , but the reason I got my Mac was cause I wanted a better operating system without the flaws , security issues , viruses , and headaches . I get that with my MacBook running Leopard . My only concern was loosing my office software . Now with CrossOver , I get my cake and can eat it too !
 I have only one piece of software from the PC world that I want to run -- Quicken 2010 . I have n't found a mac equivalent . I initially ran it with VM Fusion -- it never worked well -- I had problems printing and using some CD and online features . I never got much help from the VMF people . So , I kept an old PC laptop whose sole function was to run this program.I recently downloaded the trial version of Crossover and tried quicken 2010 . Quicken works well and faster than it did on the PC . The only glitch I 've found so far is that some online fonts are n't rendered properly . All of the core functions like online banking work without a hitch.Installation could have been easier -- it took be a while to understand that I had to put the quicken CD into the mac * before * starting the install process . Perhaps some reviewers who stated that they could n't load anything did n't realize this either.I love the fact that I do n't have to maintain a PC with the constant system and virus updates to run a single windows program.I do n't think this is a substitute for someone who really wants access to a Windows machine but for one or two programs and , given that you can try before you buy for 30 days , this is an easy alternative .
 I am a Mac user . I have been a Mac user since the first Mac and an Apple II user prior to that . Recently I had to run a piece of software that is only available on Windows . There is no current Mac alternative . It is Trope Trainer , which is really the best way for Jewish kids and adults to learn how to chant Torah portions . It is terrific software and I really wanted my daughter to be able to use it . I did n't , however , wish to get into big bucks or a complicated setup to run ONE piece of software . I decided to try crossover . Trope Trainer is not officially supported but someone else on their website commented that it works with very few glitches . It took about 5 minutes to install and Trope Trainer worked right away , even with required website registration , required updates to download etc. I am VERY impressed .
 My husband and I bought this set hoping to learn enough Spanish to ` get around ' Barcelona during our vacation . I had several years of Spanish in high school , but my husband had none -LRB- he took two years of French -RRB- . This program uses a nice combination of visual learning through pictures , spelling / grammar and pronunciation via the spoken word . Very effective . It seems to intuitively cycle difficult words / phrases back into your learning activities to give you more practice , which is great.You can set the degree of difficulty you want the program to grade your pronunciation on , depending on your level of comfort and past experience with the language . You can use your own computer 's microphone , or the headset they provide . You can choose a ` male ' or ` female ' voice for recognition , to further customize your experience . The technology itself is smooth and easily navigable.As someone who has a ` little ' background in Spanish , some of this Level 1 is a bit of a review , but learning it in a new way is making it less repetetive and dull . The lessons move quickly , as well . Would recommend for true beginners .
 I assume it is a great product . I had never order with Amazon . Although I was quite satisfied with how speedy the product arrived.Also I was amazed at how easy it was to place the order , pricing and availablilty of the product . In the future I hope to use Amazon again .
 I have really been trying hard to learn Spanish over the past 5 years . After purchasing Rosetta Stone , I feel like I 've learned more in the last few weeks than in those last 5 years I have been studying . The layout and the structure of the way they teach you helps you retain the vocabulary -LRB- which some say is most important ! -RRB- and Spanish language structure.If anyone is looking to learn a new language I would highly reccomend this product !
 Awesome product . It is complete immersion thus making the learning process fun and difficult at the same time . I have learned a significant amount of spanish already and I am only halfway done with the first cd . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I am not a computer person , yet I was able to install this program and begin using it right away . I purchased it for my almost 8 year old to use . I did the first lesson myself so that I could explain it to my daughter . It was easy to do and just as easy to understand what to do . This program of learning spanish uses total submersion . There is NO ENGLISH at all in the parts that we have done so far , with the exception of chosing the level where you need to work and getting your grade about how you did . If my duaghter does n't score high enough to show understanding , then I know it because of her score given at the end of each lesson . I can then have her repeat it until she understands . My seven year old daughter is able to do it and enjoys it .
 Rosetta Stone is very simple to use . However having a Spanish book , or obviously a native speaker to supplement the software would make it much more effective . This is because of being tossed directly into the language without a clear translation leaves the door open for some confusion . Overall a great interactive product that is a strong foundation to start learning a new langauge .
 I bought this for my wife , who has wanted to learn Spanish for years . She has found it very instuctive and spends at least an hour a day doing the lessons . She has learned quickly and easily and is almost ready for further lessons . This program is expensive , but well worth it if worked the way Rosetta Stone suggests .
 I purchased the Rosetta Stone package as a gift . I received it quickly and in good condition . The recipient has had a lot of fun with it and is enjoying this method of learning Spanish . He 's not fluent yet , but is learning .
 Honestly , I was a little skeptical about buying this software at first , but now I am glad that I did buy it . In one month this software has taught me more Spanish than I learned in two years of high school Spanish classes . Rosetta Stone is a little over priced , but it does work .
 I am really enjoying learning from this program . It 's interesting and I feel more confident because of the newest feature of using the microphone headset . It 's varied and complete without being boring.My computer is having a hard time with the software and after about 20 minutes of use , I get an error and the program shuts down . I am working on defragging and compressing , as well as cleaning up unused programs in the hope that this will clear up my difficulties with Rosetta Stone , as I have no problems with other software I run.I look forward to each lesson and know I am learning because foreign language words automatically pop into my brain when I hear someone speaking the language I am learning .
 I practiced with rosetta stone for 2 weeks and took an english to spanish electric dictionary to mexico . I got by and even impressed a few people with what I 'd learned . I 'm far from fluent but the more I use it the better I get .
 It was a fun and great way to learn a new language , much as a child would - associating images with words . It does a good job of teaching reading , writing and speech all in the 1 package . I took all of Levels 1 , 2 and 3 over 4 months to prepare myself for a 5 month trip around South America , and I was very pleased with how comfortable I was communicating with the locals , albeit with poor grammar . That is one of the limitations of this product - it does not teach you the proper grammar , but that probably would have made it a lot less enjoyable !!! Nevertheless I was understood , and was able to understand basic conversations and written material .
 I am extremely satisfied with Rosetta Stone . It would have been helpful to have an explanation of the difference between the Latin American and Spanish versions . I called friends to get that information and so made the right decision .
 I 've always wanted to learn different languages , but the old method just took to much time . This is an easy , interesting way to learn a different language .
 I received a bootlegged copy of copyright material from this reseller.There were no instruction booklets or lesson material that comes with the Rosette StoneLesson.I think this is illegal.DEO
 I wholeheartedly endorse Rosetta Stone . I have learned more in a month with this program than I did in years of Spanish classes . The total immersion method makes it easy and fun !
 GREAT PRODUCT , VERY DETAILED WITH FREQUENT REVIEWS OF LEVELS , VERY EASY TO UNDERSTAND . I RECCOMMEND THIS WITH 5 STARS .
 Came in speedy time , just as described . Great , easy to use and really learn from it .
 As a 50 + learner I wondered how well I 'd retain the information but it 's been great . The format makes it fun & appealing while the word/picture association facilitates retention . We have all 3 levels and I 'm currently on the last session of Level 1 -LRB- after 6 weeks -RRB- . While it says it 's a single user product , you CAN install the Version 3 on two computers ; however both installations cannnot be running simultaniously -LRB- I called Rosetta Stone about this & we 're doing this w / husbands & my computers -RRB- . The microphone set-up is great to hear yourself speak & make corrections as needed . Since Rosetta Stone provides no written Spanish -LRB- ie book -RRB- a good English-Spanish dictionary is helpful or having a free-translation window open on your computer for occasional clarification . Also it helps to look at some free websites that explain general sentence structure and word tense in the Spanish language . If you 're consistent in it 's use , quiz yourself mentally during daily activities , and proceed at a comfortable pace -LRB- too slow & you lose momentum , too fast & you forget -RRB- you 'll be speaking Spanish in no time . I 've learned far more in the past month with this product than I did taking a weekly conversational Spanish class at the local community college .
 Rosetta Stone V3 Spanish -LRB- Latin America -RRB- Level 1 Personal Edition -LRB- Win/Mac -RRB- I was about halfway through the old version when this came out and decided to try it.It is really good , and although the old version was also quite good , this one is much more so . The lessons and the review management are particularly well designed . The language method is much improved and more realistic . The immersion method they 've implemented is so good that I do n't use the notes I used to use , and also do n't refer to my Spanish dictionaries as often as I did with the old version.It is so pleasant to use that I 'm not taking as many breaks as I did with the old version . In fact , my progress is so fast I 'll have to order Level 2 much sooner than expected.Tom in Arkansas
 Installed product , got the microphone hooked up , and then needed to not do the speaking portion of the lessons . Just felt overwhelmed with learning the words , and trying to speak at the same time.I like the immersion concept . Just look at the pictures and see the words/phases and try to recall them . I 'm a visual learner , so this is great for me . If you are not a visual learner this may not be for you.I have images of pictures in my head now , with spanish words/phrases to go with it . Which is much better for me than grammar drilling , etc.I 'm NEW NEW NEW to spanish . I 've never taken any spanish classes in school or anywhere else , and would appreciate it if those who HAVE prior knowlege of spanish or have taken Spanish formally in a classroom situation , or are a native spanish speakers , do not try to tell a NEW NEW spanish learners if this product will be good or bad for them , you do n't know because you already know the language basics . You have a context to base your learning on , whereas an over 40 person who has never taken spanish is learning very differently than you , and is like a baby learning a new language . Which is what I 'm hoping this product helps with . I 'm learning like a new baby . Hear it , connect it with some images , and hopefully I 'll integrate all this in and be able to speak it.I 've watched my infant/toddler learn , and they do n't start speaking immediately with understandable words until they have a vocabulary foundation , and see the words in action , and they are looking at you and what you 're saying and visually what its connected to . Then later they start to speak or repeat . Why people who create language learning product for adult beginners think adults should not learn like babies do is beyond me , but I think the Rosetta folks get it!But who knows for sure . I 'm giving it a shot with this product .
 I had a remedial understanding of the Spanish language . Rosetta Stone is teaching me basic Spanish quickly and easily just as it promises . If you commit about 30-60 minutes a day , I am sure it can work for anyone . I really like this program and look forward to completing all three levels .
 This product is great ! It exceeded my expectations by having a voice activated option which allows you to speak to the computer and have your pronunciation recognized . This gives you the ability to make sure you are not only learning the words but speaking them correctly as well!I would highly recommend this and I intend to buy other versions as I progress!Adios !
 This is an excellent resource for learning a new language . I had taken two years of high school Spanish before using this product and did n't learn as much as I had learned after the first two weeks of using Rosetta stone . The only thing that I dislike about the product is that it uses too much memory to leave it running in the background all the time . Other than that , I would most definitely recommend it to any one who wants to quickly learn a new language in their spare time .
 This is an interesting concept in language learning . There is absolutely no English tanslation . Everything is accomplished through pictures and context . I took Spanish in high school , so I already knew the basics . Even if that were n't the case I think It would work . There are some phrases that are a bit tricky to grasp , so seeking outside help might be useful . There is a lot of repitition , and a heavy emphasis on pronunciation . Be persistant .
 So far I 've only finished the first unit , but I 'm really impressed . I took Spanish for 5 years in high school , was never very good at it , and never got to the point where I could `` think '' in the language -- I always had to translate from English to Spanish to say/write anything . Needless to say I eventually forgot everything I learned in high school and recently decided to pick the language back up . In contrast to the way I learned the language in high school -LRB- which involved learning the English definitions of Spanish words , e.g. manzana = apple -RRB- , Rosetta Stone shows the user pictures of objects/situations that convey the meaning of words/phrases . This is enormously helpful in getting used to thinking in the language , and while at this point I certainly could n't carry on a conversation in Spanish -LRB- like I said , I only finished the first unit -RRB- , I do n't need to translate the words and phrases I can say from English to Spanish -- which feels great !
 I 'm a beginner-beginner and had never studied Spanish until this May when I started the Rosetta Stone Spanish Latin America level I . So far , I 'm very satisfied with my progress . I 've only covered 9 lessons -LRB- Lesson 1.1-3 .2 -- still Level I -RRB- , but I know how to count 1-20 , identify colors -LRB- many -RRB- , say greetings , ask basic questions -LRB- what is ... ? When ... ? Where ... ? What color ... ? Who is ... ? etc. -RRB- , structure present-progressive sentences and many more.The only drawback is that `` writing '' portion is very short and you may not be able to spell well . But you can download `` course content '' online and practice writing . -LRB- Go to the Rosetta Stone website . You should be able to find `` download course content . '' -RRB- For those people who have never learned ANY foreign language , it may be a daunting task to learn without a textbook . But you can use the `` Course Content '' and check vocabulary before starting a lesson . Yes , if you want to be fluent , you need to do some `` extra '' works . -LRB- which means that you need a good Spanish-English/English-Spanish dictionary in addition to the Rosetta Stone . Yep , learning is not cheap ! -RRB- Lastly , you can not just sit and expect that the Rosetta stone will make you a fluent Spanish speaker . You have to work hard . Persistence and determination are two important things in learning . Good luck !
 I think you need to have had some prior experience studying the language before this course can help you .
 We have been to Mexico and Central America for years and finally decided it would be more enjoyable to communicate better with the locals . We enjoy going in to the small colonies to see culture . Rosetta Stone has visual learning techniques which is my favorite way to learn . Great product.Dwight Hille
 Hola , Rosetta works good and last a long time . Working through the course , so far , so good . Adios .
 Product arrived quickly in time for the holidays . Purchased for son in Military . Very pleased with purchase .
 I was extrememly pleased with Amazon on this purchase.I was n't sure it would arrive before Christmas , so , we purchased another.The return policy , and handling by Amazon were INCREDIBLE !! I thought it would take me a couple of months of writting back and forth . It was so quick and painless , I could hardly believe it . I will not hesitate to buy anything on Amazon.com , and have told several co-workers of the positive experience . THANK YOU !
 I really enjoy version 3 program . This version is geared for any level learner of portuguese and focuses more on real life conversation and situations . Version 2 was somewhat disappointing in comparison to Version 3 . Version 3 gives the learner scheduled memory adaptive recalls , lots of repetion , more interesting graphics , and well structured easy paced lessons with pronounciation guidlines . I love this fun version of Rosetta Stones and highly recommend using this program for a variety of needs . Learn a new language just like a child . I have not seen anything better . Well done Rosetta Stone!Angelo
 I highly recommend this software to anyonewho wants to learn another language fast ! I was able to hold a simple conversation in Portugeuse in under 6 months without studying every day . I use it only once a week now just to keep it fresh in my mind.Using this program , to me , was more effective than having a teacher .
 I have not used other products like this so I have no way to compare it to similar products . However , and I very impressed with how easy it is to use , and the quality of the instruction . One of the best features is if you do n't understand something you can go back and review it . New information comes out you so fast sometimes I had to go back and review some things a few time to understand the correct meaning and the word usage . But the program allows for that . I recommend this product .
 Excellent product , working with it is addictive and fun . Cost is too high for only two licenses .
 Version 3 of Rosetta Stone allows for installation on two computers , unlike the previous version which require the CD-ROM to be inserted for use . That said , from a licensing standpoint I believe it is still only for use by one individual and should not be lent !
 I 've been using Quickverse for a few years and noticed that the recent versions were full of programming bugs , so I decided to do some research and find out what else existed in the field of bible software . After doing the research I found that I was n't the only one dissatisfied with Quickverse , and also that logos was receiving high reviews from a number of pastors whose blogs I found . Logos has been awesome , and I have thoroughly enjoyed the thought/organization that went into the program 's development . Whether you 're a pastor or just a techie Christian/Small Group leader -LRB- e.g. me -RRB- it is worth the price . If you 're just looking for a free digital bible without the support/extras , check out -LSB- ... -RSB- UPDATE
 Great product . I was a user of the old version 10 is leaps and bounds greater . Much easier to use , packed full of information .
 I was so thrilled with my purchase , I sent one to my son.Thank you so much for having this wonderful library .
 This game -LRB- should I call it a game ? -RRB- is fabulous ! Based on a great PBS show , it continues to teach about the Revolutionary War . By interviewing key people -LRB- like George Washington & Sam Adams -RRB- the children can create a newspaper , similar to the tv show . Sarah & James help guide you around the sites of major battles & famous towns . For fun , you often have to find certain items to give to the characters before they will allow you to interview them.The learning mode is great & took my 9 year old daughter about 10 minutes to figure it out and go to town . She has completed the entire game about 5 times in a month and still has not grown bored - the scenerios change every time you play!I recommend this to anyone who has ever watched the show , but also for a way to teach more about the Revolutionary War . A good reader is needed , and one that can make good judgements to choose which interview comments to publish . This would make a great addition to a classroom library of software!Definitely a great buy !!!
 Primarily based on the new PBS kids television show , Liberty 's Kids , the computer game brings to life the history of the American Revolution perfect for children 9-12 , the ages when American History is first taught to the kids . After having tried the game out and playing it several times , I was astonished to find that the characters you need to interview -LRB- whom require certain items -RRB- change their interviews , places and different items . This is the perfect thing to keep kids interested , especially since they might think they can outsmart the game by going to the same places and getting the same people interviewed every time.I loved the game Liberty 's Kids because it depicted the events very truthfully and made sure that kids could get all sides of the stories . One of the best parts is that children can learn about , not only the main characters , such as Benedict Arnold , George Washington and Abigail Adams , but explore Ben Franklin 's print shop and learn about the inventions he made . Bravo to the creators of Liberty 's Kids , the computer game and TV show .
 However , at her early stage of reading -LRB- she 's six -RRB- , she can not complete all the objectives needed to play this game . I think the ages of 8-10 would be correct due to this issue . This game is about discovering answers to historical events and compiling the information and sketches for a newspaper . There is a lot of historical information , and it requires some sleuth skills . I would highly recommend for those who like mystery and history !
 Great software ! Travel through the Revolution side by side with reporters James and Sarah . Once you think you have gathered enough quotes , come back to the print shop and print your story . Then , depending on how good your story is , you get a certain number of subscriptions . -LRB- ex. :600 , 550 , 500 , etc. -RRB- But beware ! Some parts are harder than others.Sometimes , to be able to interview people , you have to run around town trying to find stuff for them . -LRB- ex .
 This game is fabulous ! My children love Schoolhouse Rock and this game gave some depth to the songs about the Revolution that they had already learned . We have all played and what 's great is that each game and assignment is different . Seeing the Revolution through the eyes of teenage reporters allows my children to appreciate American History without being `` taught '' or `` preached to '' by me or by their teachers . They love when I quiz them about the Battle of Saratoga , Valley Forge and Lexington and Concord . Even my 5yr old knows who John Adams is !
 I bought this for my 4-year-old because she loves the series . The game consists of a journalism assignment where the main characters visit the site of the event , pick up clues along the way , and conduct interviews with witnesses . I love the fair presentation and how the interviews reflect people with different points of view . Despite its design for older children , my 4-year-old can handle searching for clues and conducting the interviews by herself as the interviews are read aloud -LRB- and seems to help reinforce some of her early reading skills -RRB- . I have to help her with the editing stage as it requires reading , but we enjoy discussing the topic together at the same time . I am impressed with how much my 4-year-old has learned and enjoyed the program .
 We bought this game for our kids for the summer , to help keep them busy . My kids LOVE the PBS show and we decided this could be a great way of entertainment and learning . My 10 year old daughter picked up on the game right away and has really enjoyed playing it . My 8 year old son has taken some time to learn the game and enjoys it , but he would like more excitement . I really like that the kids can learn more about the Revolutionary period and be a part of putting it together in a newspaper . If your kids love the show , they will enjoy the game too .
 I never get bored of playing , because it changes every time . I love to hear interesting commentary and arguements between James and Sarah as you journey from scene to scene . It gives a very balanced view of the Revolution , because one 's British and the other is American . I 've watched the show , and they both have held my interest . It 's good for anyone !
 Right now , we are studying the Revolution in my eighth grade Humanities class and I decided to have the class play this as a group , and they LOVED IT !!!! I had actually checked it out from the library , but now I 'm planning on buying it because I plan on using it again and again in the future !!!
 This is a great program that challenges kids on a number of levels , in a genuinely entertaining way . I love that they are encouraged to get both sides of the story , and to interview both leaders and ordinary people . Choosing the quotes to use is great for sparking conversation - whose point of view to use , which details are the most interesting / relevant . Being asked to go get things for different characters in order to get them to talk is an amusing sidelight , but the laying out of the paper - and seeing how many papers they have sold really gets them excited . And they even pick up some history from it ! ;--RRB- My 9 year old tore through it , and is now helping her 7 year old sister through it , both of them enjoying it hugely . Time for the Oregon Trail after this ...
 Very good and educated shows for kids but it does n't have closed captions . On TV , it does but not on DVDs .
 My son , age 9 , is loving this video set . He is fully engaged in watching it and seeing how the drama of history unfolds . He often compares the video to what he is learning in school and is amazed at how well it matches up . I think it really puts a human perspective to the events of the Revolution .
 This is great for children . It keeps them interested in history . Gives them all the famous names for the revolutionary war . An excellent addition to anyone who homeschools !
 I enjoy the PBS series , and this game would likewise be a fun addition to any elementary school class on American history .
 This video is geart for class protects or just for fun.I say teachers buy this for classes .
 My 10 year old ca n't stop with this thing . He received it for Christmas . Graphics are fabulous , sound is great . This product really makes learning fun . Why could n't we have had this kind of product when we were kids ?? The perfect gift for a kid who loves to learn .
 This is fun . It 's great educational software . The only problem is that once you 've played everything about 4 times , it gets boring .
 My 10 year old does n't like to read , but he loves history . He has really enjoyed this Liberty 's Kids CD-Rom , and has shared his printed newsletters with his teachers , who now want to order the CD-Rom . I was amazed at how accurate the information was , and how much fun it was for my son . I highly recommend this for any child who is interested in American History .
 My oldest two kids -LRB- ages 8 and 6 -RRB- LOVE this game . They get assigned an event in Revolutionary War History and have to find people to interview about the event . They put together the comments that they collected to form an article for the newspaper . During the editorial process they will even be prompted to look for a stronger statement to support the evidence . My kids love to play this and they do n't realize that they are learning a lot about American History as well as how to write a good informational article . Great Resource !
 This is a fabulous find ! Both our children -LRB- boys -RRB- ages 10 and 121/2 loved this , they actually fought over who 's turn it was . Like all the software from the Learning Company this too is a great program . Best of all they could watch the PBS show and then review things or go more in detail , they loved being a reporter themselves and searching for clues , just like the animated characters on the show . We 've beaten the program now and want them to make another , more advanced version . Ca n't wait until the Liberty Kids shows are on DVD ... great family entertainment !
 I watch the show and I loved the CD-Rom ! It never gets boring for me , because one time I got the same item for a guy that I got in the last game and he did n't need it , he needed something else ! It is also really good because you can get how both British and Patriots felt about what was going on . It was so much fun !
 I am a 5th grader and my sister is a 7th grader . We worked on this game for days and days . It teaches you a lot and it 's fun . It 's so much fun , my sister and I stayed up till 11 p.m. to try and finish the first round . I would suggest getting this game if you 're not doing well in history . It 's a fun way to catch up on the Revolutionary War .
 My 10 year old daughter really enjoys playing this game while at the same time learning history and math .
 I have always enjoyed the TV series , `` Liberty 's Kids '' , and this game brings it to life and make history very real and exciting . While playing the game , children will interview George Washington , John Adams , Samuel Adams , Phillis Wheatley , as well as everyday folk . I was very pleased with this game !
 My kids love this game . It 's like a cross between Carmen Sandiego and Freddi Fish . You ask the characters questions for information , but you have to search for objects to give the them before they 'll give you the answers . What a great way to learn about early American history .
 After reading the book , I found it very informative . The author explains how to write C++ programs for . net very clearly . It was easy to find the information that I needed to learn . The included electronic version on the book is one of my favorite features . With it you are able to search the book contents very efficiently . All examples that I tried in the Visual C++ environment worked flawlessly as expected . A must have book for beginning Visual C++ . NET programmers . I recommend this book to other readers interested in learning how to program Visual C++ . NET for the first time .
 Ok . This book doesn?t teach C++ . But it sure teaches the Visual Environment if one already knows C++ . The practical teaching format is very easy to follow and the book is very complete . Excellent and easy to follow . A great introduction .
 Not to overdue my praise of this product , but it is outstanding . I have spent the last two days learning how to use this software . I am flat out amazed . It is so easy to use and such a wealth of information at your finger tips . I 'm a young Pastor who have been in ministry for more than seven years and part time Pastoring now just over one year . I still have a full time secular job . This is why i 'm so happy , I can take LOGOS with me . I literaly have my biblical library with me via laptop where ever I go . And I do mean LIBRARY . You will not go wrong with this software .
 This product is wonderful and I would highly recommend it to anyone trying to pastor a church or involved in leadership . Excellent materials for church growth , organization , etc. . And does a wonderful job for studying the bible . Great job LOGOS !!!
 This is the best tool for Bible studies , sermon prep , or word phrase lookups as well as original language study comparison . I ca n't wait until there is a training seminar in my area to learn how to use it to the fullest . A pastor friend of mine said the seminar shows how to make it even more powerful . A great time saver that has freed up more of my time for ministry . It is like having your personal library with multiple librarians looking up multiple books at one time , only with a click of a mouse . I will eventually upgrade to the best package with all books . The possibilities are endless . Pastor Barry
 This is one of the best Bible software programs I 've ever bought and I highly recommend it . It 's not necessarily for the novice , especially if you 're not very computer literate , but incredible otherwise .
 PSP7 is great for image editing . Very customizable with different tools.Just a tip
 Many people are dissatisfied with this product , but I say it 's tough to top . Want to edit images and create graphics * easily * and do n't want to spend oodles of dollars for Photoshop , which can cost up to $ 500 + ?! Paint Shop Pro is your ticket . You can do everything and more with photos and images . Maybe even more than you 'd want to . There 's things like red eye removal , specklies removal , filters , and even allowing you to make images look like they 've been drawn in pencil , charcoal , and even neon wire . You can also give it an old-newspaper type feel or even a glass mosaic.It 's a wonderfully priced tool for those who are n't experts , but are past the beginner stage.The help displays are in fact helpful . I 'd say it would take a month , if not less , to fully understand how to work this product . You 'll have hours of fun playing with all the nifty features ! : -RRB-
 let 's face it ... Attorneys suck . Everything they do is expensive , overpriced , and most often comes from a template that they simply change to fit your specific need . In most cases attorneys charge $ 300 an hour to give you a document that they prepared for somebody else and put your name on it . This software -LRB- assuming you can still get it -RRB- will save you tens of thousands of dollars if you frequently create leases , purchase agreements , general contracts , power of attorneys etc. . The fact the matter is all you need is a template and you can fill in the rest.If you buy this software or any other legal forms you should create the document yourself and then pay an attorney to review it . Most often they wo n't charge you more than a half an hour of their time and will make changes that will protect you . -LRB- lawyers do have their place -RRB- I have saved a fortune preparing most of my own documents and paying an attorney to make sure that I 'm not getting in trouble ... Proceed with caution but definitely buy this software .
 This product is very easy to use . The animation tools are good too . I did use POVRay with Moray , but I 'm convinced that this product is easier . It allows you to scale textures in real-time -LRB- using OpenGL -RRB- so that you can see the immeadiate results . Also , you can run a test animation in wire-frame mode - or in flat mode -LRB- no shadows or textures -RRB- in a fraction of the time it takes for a fully rendered animation.It directly imports dxf and 3ds files - so all those models on the web can be used . The manual is easy to understand and has everything well documented .
 This is very easy to use and it has lots of good textures . I have made lots of amazing stuff because of this software . I made good details to my models . But it does n't have a IK stucture . When I tried to make charcters to my models , it is colorful , but when I tried to animate it , it does n't move like real charcters . But it is cool that I can make my own movies and animations . But sometimes it takes long time to render . Although this pruduct is easy to use . GET IT !
 This is very easy to use and it has lots of good textures . I have made lots of amazing stuff because of this software . I made good details to my models . But it does n't have a IK stucture . When I tried to make charcters to my models , it is colorful , but when I tried to animate it , it does n't move like real charcters . But it is cool that I can make my own movies and animations . But sometimes it takes long time to render . Although this pruduct is easy to use . GET IT !
 This is very easy to use and it has lots of good textures . I have made lots of amazing stuff because of this software . I made good details to my models . But it does n't have a IK stucture . When I tried to make charcters to my models , it is colorful , but when I tried to animate it , it does n't move like real charcters . But it is cool that I can make my own movies and animations . But sometimes it takes long time to render . Although this pruduct is easy to use . GET IT !
 This is very easy to use and it has lots of good textures . I have made lots of amazing stuff because of this software . I made good details to my models . But it does n't have a IK stucture . When I tried to make charcters to my models , it is colorful , but when I tried to animate it , it does n't move like real charcters . But it is cool that I can make my own movies and animations . But sometimes it takes long time to render . Although this pruduct is easy to use . GET IT !
 I loved Web Page Construction Delux ! It was so easy -LRB- even for a computer illiterate like me -RRB- . I was able to build a stylish , professional looking web page in a weekend and I actually had fun doing it.This is a very good program and I recomend it to anyone looking for a fun and easy way to build a great first web page .
 I like this package but the crown jewel is definately Microvision 's WebExpress 4 which is bundled as part of the package . This is one of the best HTML programs that I have ever used and offers excellent site management capabilities . If you are looking for a top quality but affordable program , you ca n't go wrong with this . The rest of the programs are n't as good but WebExpress makes up for it .
 I myself use Adobe Photoshop Elements 3 for organizing and editing my digital images , but my dad , a long-time user of Microsoft Picture It ! , decided to go for this `` upgrade . '' Even though the user interface has changed , he had no trouble getting used to the new interface and the new features , even though he 's not computer-savvy at all . He really likes its simple interface and the fact the program does what he wants it to do.I 've played with Digital Image Pro 10 a little bit and although I wo n't switch from Photoshop Elements 3 , I admit that if you are just a casual user , or have little patience for the complicated user interface of Photoshop Elements 3 or JASC Paint Shop -LRB- not to mention the free open-source GIMP -RRB- , Digital Image Pro 10 is a good solution for everyday digital imaging needs . I wo n't rehash the features you get ; suffice it to say that most families should find the feature set more than adequate.My dad runs this on an XP Home PC with a 2.2 GHz Celeron processor and 256MB of RAM , and it 's pretty snappy and very stable . The old version of Picture It he used to use was slow , but he has n't had any complaints about Digital Image Pro 10 . My take
 After picking up this software I just had to write a quick review . I use this software to edit pictures , and to use them for flyers , graphics and logos . I used Microsoft Photodraw when it was in style , but knew that it did not have the layering capability of Adobe photoshop.The edits that I want to do are quick and easy edits , I normally do n't mess around with pictures that are hopeless and try to turn them into Ansel Adams prints or somethig . Digital Image Pro is very capable of any of the editing , cropping , resizing , and color enhancing that adobe can do . However , this software does n't make you juggle 10 differnt layers for each edit . It does allow you to create layers and use them in much the same way , but Image Pro lets you almost ignore the fact that you are using them.The tools for using text and adding your own drawings are much simpler and less time consuming than anything that Adobe or Corel has let you do in the Essentials Packet -LRB- Corel -RRB- or the Elements Packets that Adobe has done.Other cool features are a much more intuitive and accurate feature for removing an object from your photo . One of the earlier customer reviews stated that the guy had trouble with the red eye tool . It is the exact problem that you will have with the red eye tool in elements . The best way to deal with it is to enlarge your photo as big as you can get it when you do the red eye reducer . Adobe also just puts black or dark brown on top of the red eye , in this Image Pro , it is actually easier to edit the color that it added to the red eye . I am far more accurate with the red eye feature in this software than I am with the Elements software.The other great thing about this particular title versus the Image Suite is that you do n't have to mess with Microsoft 's photoalbum that is pretty much mandatory in the Suite software . The photoalbum is very comparable to the one that is so annoying in the Photoshop Elements pack.I personally am just blown away that I can get all of the features that I ever use in Elements for a third of the price with this software . It is definitely worth checking out .
 I had previously purchased Digital Image Pro 7 and was quite happy with it . Having said this , I am glad I chose to upgrade to version 10 . There have been great improvements , such as making it much easier to select specific areas of a photo for editing - you can even select and delete an object and the program will fill in the background for you . I am still playing around with the various functions , and am sure once I have explored these fully I will be even more pleased . I highly recommend this program .
 I am very happy with this program . I was very nervous about purchasing this product because of other reviews on it . I feel it was well worth the price I paid -LRB- $ 19.99 after rebate -RRB- . I previously used Microsoft Picture It Version 7 and feel this is a great upgrade . I love the designer templates with cut-out items that can be added to a photo . I also love the variety of edges that can be applied to a photo . Many features seem to be easier to use such as the red eye reduction that can be applied to all eyes in the photo instead of only two eyes at a time in my previous version .
 I am an artist and I love this software . It is really user friendly and has a ton of options . A + + + + + + + + +
 Excellent CD ROM . Hightly recommened for those who want to know EVERYTHING about the tabla ... including history , tabla styles , and tabla accompaniment -LRB- with various types of instruments and vocalists -RRB-
 I have been a fan of the tabla for quite a while now , ever since I caught the illustrious father - son duo Allah Rakha & Zakir Hussain over 10 years ago . The instrument is amazing and the sounds it can produce are astonishing . So , when I saw this product at amazon , I decided to have a look . Installation is straight forward , allthough be aware you have to have Quicktime installed in order to see the videos . If you do not have Quicktime , it is provided on the disc itself . There is a lot of material here and is a rather exhaustive work . Its really meant as an introduction . You can learn the syllables and some popular rhythmic cycles and a detailed history , learning traditions and theoretical knowledge . The musicians are all great and it comes with an additional Audio CD with the package which very good . The most entertaining part of the cdrom is that it showcases hours of audio and video highlighting tabla in various capqacities.Those of you interested in Tabla , should definately buy this product and dont worry if you have no knowledge of the instrument , its meant for all levels .
 I think that this product is fabulous . It only takes me a couple clicks and I 'm done . I recommend this product to all beginners and daily computer users .
 MKS is great when you would like to write an awk or simple KORN -LRB- the shell not the band -RRB- script but you are stuck on a windows workstation . The files in a shell are in a dos directory so you can access them through DOS , Windows or MKS .
 To whom it may concrn , My freind had gotten this software and showed me someamazing stuff . Iwas very eager to learn from him andsoon as i could contribute special effects i was on myway to software world . I had cool 3d and that was my1st encounter with software and it , s different tatics !! iI after watching and particapating with strata 3d Ithen had to go further and find more art , webpage making andendless creativity , encourage you and all to buy these products !
 If you have no idea of HTML programming or a huge wallet then this is the software tool to use . Cheap and easy it is simple but overall a bit lacking in the complexities of the more expensive programs .
 Being in the design field , I use all of these programs everyday . Pagemaker is essential for layout , Illustrator is essential for design . Photoshop is a great program for photo editing , and of course , Acobat is what I use to pdf design proofs to customers . If you are just starting out in the field and want to start your own design business , I highly recommend this package . It is a great deal , and it has the most professional programs used in design today .
 Strata 3D Pro is MUCH better then Strata 3D 3.0 . You ca n't even compare how powerful this software is . It has lot to do with 3D modeling , animation and rendering . The modeling is a breeze , the animation is powerful and rendering is very fast ! If your the Professional 3D computer artist , gat this .
 Not necessary if other Logos packages -LRB- Silver and Gold -RRB- purchased -LRB- which has this contained within -RRB- . Worth the price just for the Hebrew-English , English-Hebrew , Greek-English , English-Greek interlinears ; Andersen-Forbes Phrase Marker Analysis -LRB- MT -RRB- , Clausal Outlines -LRB- NT -RRB- , etc. . The latter two especially useful for syntactical searches impossible for morphologically based programs .
 Our daughter 's school recommended this program for children entering 3rd grade . My child and I spent all summer working on this together . It was great quality time for her and me . More importantly , it was something she looked forward to doing -LRB- which is a tall order for an 8-year old on summer vacation -RRB- . It focused on sharpening thinking and problem solving skills . I was pleased with the simplicity of the graphics as it kept the computer speeding along and time was not wasted loading glitz and glitter . I ca n't recommend this enough to parents concerned with their child 's education .
 My children all enjoyed this game.The puzzles are well designed and have a wide skill range and a wide variety . There are 22 different puzzles which cover a wide subject range.The only fault I could find was the fact that when you completed a puzzle you had to move to the next screen and then back again to be able to play it again , especially as you need to complete each puzzle two or three times.The other fault was that when you completed a game unless you started a new game immediately you would find the levels were set back at easy.It is an excellent game which the children enjoy , the highest levels are hard enough for an adult to enjoy , while younger children can cope well with the easy levels.Children do need to be able to read reasonably well to play .
 Last week my son announced that he `` hated '' math . This week , his school sent this software home for summer use . My son 's last words as I put him to bed tonight were `` Can I play Cluefinders as soon as I get up in the morning ? '' AND he thinks the math section is the greatest ! We 've tried a variety of educational software over the past 4-5 years and I ca n't remember any that my sons have enjoyed more !! This is a keeper . I would highly recommend it !!!
 We bought several computer games recently with an emphasis on learning or educational software . This is the best game we have tried so far . VERY engaging for our 8 year old third grader . Activities are challenging and cause her to do some thinking , but not so hard she gets discouraged . She could n't wait to finish the whole game . We rate this A + + , but do n't expect to get months of enjoyment out of it . Get it used at a good price because the whole game is finished in about 3 hours and after that there is n't much to do that is enjoyable . You have to solve a mystery , and do learning type tasks to solve the mystery , so that is great , but once you solve the case , it is all done , no more to do . Just keep that in mind . We LOVED it !
 This is wonderful software . I bought it for my 6-year old son -LRB- 1st grade -RRB- and he absolutely loves it . He has even helped his 4-year old brother solve several of the games . Many of the math games are quite challenging , involving problem solving , and my son just thinks he 's playing computer games . He loves it , and I feel great about it .
 This game is very educational but my son absolutely loves playing it . I have since ordered the entire ClueFinders line for him to play .
 I could n't believe how much my son enjoyed this game . We played it together & both looked forward to evenings when we would do it together . My son hates homework , so this was a very pleasant surprise .
 I bought this software for my 5 year old . He 's a little young for it , but we made the most of it . We do n't do a lot of TV or video games so he was n't put off by the lower quality graphics . Overall , a good purchase .
 Once the game is installed please right click the game icon on your desktop or go to Start > All Programs > Find the game through there . Right click and go to properties once there go to Compatibility . Once there you should be able to select Windows XP Service Pack 1 or 2 should allow you to run the game and try again . If that does n't work let me know.This is a very old game that ran on Windows 95/XP , if you have trouble finding compatibility mode please google it also and that will show you how to do it . And it should run the game no matter what .
 The purchase of the item went very well . Quick and easy . My 8 year old has n't spent a lot of time with the software yet , he needs to get on that , but the initial look seems promising .
 My six-year-old loved this game . That is , until I had to make him take a break from it because the adaptive difficulty was moving him too quickly . He was getting multiplication problems right -LRB- but taking forever because he was doing problems like 12x9 by taking 12 +12 +12 +12 +12 +12 +12 +12 +12 -- he did n't have the problems memorized yet -RRB- , so the game bumped him up to division . he 's just not quite there yet , so he ca n't play the game again until he is , which is a shame because he loves the game .
 My first and third graders both love this game and play it all the time . I personally have n`t played it , so I can not tell you that much about it . I use this game as part of our homeschool .
 You can call me StoryMaker cuz ' that 's my internet nickname . Well , first of all , I am a beginning 3rd grader . I 'm more like a 2nd grader . -LRB- Actually , with math the math in 1st grade games is the right math for me on level 3 . -RRB- Second , I only went to the Goo Lagoon and not the Monkey Kingdom . Third , I will talk about the product instead of just how much experimence I had with it . The adventure is supposed to encourage kids , but it dose n't encourage me . I think , `` WHAT ?!? I 'm helping the ClueFinders ? Russian Blue Witch is the ClueFinders fan ! '' Oh , and , that RBW is my sister . Oh , and , if you do n't know who the ClueFinders are , that yellow guy who floats is Laptrap and if you click on him , you should press the ClueFinders Club button to find out about the ClueFinders gang ! Oh , and , the plot
 I am the main designer of this game.It is painful to see some customers unhappy with their purchase . It clearly is not what they expected.It was not designed to entertain busy adults . Instead , we played the game with four-year olds in a day care center until they could easily grasp the game , but still had to be pulled away.Nor was it designed to be `` educational '' - as if there were a paleontology curriculum in kindergarten . If you want your child to distinguish the Jurassic era from the Mesozoic , buy a different title . Instead this game teaches your child to make wise trade-offs and to think ahead . You choose.If you can read this review , you will probably find the game slow-paced and repetitive . You might quit before you discover that it is also subtle , deep and exciting .
 A very good program to do WYSIWG . However , it lacks the simplicity of Frontpage on the pubilshing feature and other interactive features such as FORM publishing .
 NetObject Fusion may be a great tool for a user that have a little knowledge of web architecture but is n't a programmer . This software provides a gateway for top line web desing it may be too intuitive and you can learnig by doing eassily .
 FM+SGML 6.0 was a seamless transition from version 5.5.6 for my organization . It corrected some minor visible bugs & made most of its major changes under the hood . It continues to produce an excellent printed product from our SGML files .
 This game is pretty cool if you like the history of how vehicles were invented in the past . I really enjoyed playing this game on my Mac .
 WOW , do you need something to keep those little minds BUSY with ? Then l@@k NO further , this is the BEST software ! Hundreds of interesting ideas even for the most challenging of kids . You will enjoy the fact that it is education and they will think that it is all FUN ! -LRB- They do n't realize it is really like homework , ha ha -RRB- Says it is for kids 10 and over but I would say it is Great for Kids of all ages , at least my husband thought so ... -LRB- he is my other kid -RRB- I am getting another 1 for a gift , so I would say Definately put this on your list it is worth every RED cent !
 Do you have a young inventor ? What knows he or she might be the next George Washington Carver ? Well to help your youngster with their inventions , the InventorLabs TechnologyBy MacMillan Publishing is the best source for the young inventors of today and tomorrow . This is a great gift for Christmas , birthdays and more . This will truly help your inventors .
 Do you have a young inventor ? What knows he or she might be the next George Washington Carver ? Well to help your youngster with their inventions , the InventorLabs TechnologyBy MacMillan Publishing is the best source for the young inventors of today and tomorrow . This is a great gift for Christmas , birthdays and more . This will truly help your inventors .
 Very helpful on all counts . Printable book with concrete suggestions to save you lots of money . Audios and videos on the point . Great deal.Mary
 3/16/2001 : I wanted to teach my just turned five-year-old daughter how to read , but her current selection of books and educational software was just not meeting the challenge . Sure , the Winnie the Pooh , Blue 's Clues , My Personal Tutor software , etc did an excellent job of motivating her and teaching her the alphabet . She really enjoyed all the Dr. Seuss and Winnie the Pooh books , but all these resources were just not cutting it in regards to getting her to read by herself . After extensive trial and error this is what I found work for my daughter.I found Reader Rabbit 's Complete Learn to Read System and Curious George Learns Phonics invaluable at teaching her to sound out her words all by herself . One small note on Curious George Learns Phonics , my daughter did not like the software . It actually made her work for once , so I usually had to be nearby to answer any questions . I would recommend using Reader Rabbit for a few days before introducing Curious George.After about a week or so I began using the flash cards included in Reader Rabbit to have my daughter memorize beginning words . I would also have her write the words in her notebook . I particularly found helpful the list with Reader Rabbit on which order I should have her learn her words.When I felt she should probably be ready to read very easy sentences I had her start out with Bob Books First ! Level A , Set 1 , although I would highly , highly recommend the entire set . Bob Books seemed to be the only books easy enough for my daughter to read by herself and progress at a reasonable rate . She loves the books ! ... I have some final thoughts . Firstly , the Reader Rabbit and Bob Books are fine quality products but are a bit overpriced in my estimation . They are STILL well worth the investment . Secondly , you would think there would be some product or resource out there to help teach your child to read . I needed not generalities but a highly specific course of actions . I was quite disappointed in that respect , but I would be interested if such a product or resource exists.Updated 11/28/2002 : It 's been two years now and it is time to teach my son to read . Apparently , Reader Rabbit Complete Learn to Read System is no longer in production . That is too bad . It is very good educational software.Still , Curious George Learns Phonics is the sleeper education software in existence . It 's not perfect and the kiddies tend not to like it . However , it is challenging and teaches them phonemic awareness very well.I have tried `` Teach your Child to Read in 100 Easy Lessons '' due to several recommendations from individuals reading my reviews . I used it with my son and I did n't like it . Subsequently I was informed from first grade teachers -LRB- my daughter 's included -RRB- and my education courses that apparently research shows that coded words -LRB- Distar conventions , e.g. e with a line over it , double oo , like the pronunciation key of a dictionary -RRB- teaches kiddies to read best . I discovered this first hand when my daughter brought home her homework to code some words . I did n't have a clue how to help her . Maybe it 's just a case that daddy is n't smart enough to help his daughter.I found myself already using some of the techniques from `` Teach your Child to Read in 100 Easy Lessons '' that I had discovered by trial and error worked with my kiddies . In any case , I still have n't used the book.I have finally found a set of books to use after the Bob Books are all used up . I found the kiddies needed a little more structured practice before they where off reading whatever we have around the house . It is the `` Now I 'm Reading '' series by Nora Gaydos . ...
 This CD lacks the color and the adventure of the Reader Rabbit CDs , but it makes up for thru it 's phonics drills . It 's one after another with little talking which is why my children burn out on it fast . I do n't see that as a bad thing , tho , as children learn in quick bursts and then like a break from the drill-like phonic questions . Which is probably why they can play Reader Rabbit games for hours because it 's less ceribral and more game-orientated . I love Reader Rabbit , and thank god for it , but I like this CD , too . I ` make ' my 4 and 5 year old play it a little bit every day and it improves their phonics and then they can play Reader Rabbit afterward as a reward . * G * Worth the money . Helpful . Not a CD you regret buying if better reading and phonics is your goal . But not a CD the kids will be begging to play 24/7 .
 George is great for both boys and girls and the circus is a huge hit so there you have their attention !! The secret is to keep this as your one and only game at least for a good couple of months before you start buying the easy , fun entertainment-only games like Blues Clues etc. . That will give them a chance to love this game because it does make them think and you have to be there to help when they first start off . I do n't think it is slow at all , the narration is just right and there is plenty of help from the ringmaster of the circus , kids just need to be told to click on his icon to get clues . Great for my 4 yr old that learns phonics in her Montessori pre-school . Tons of sweet stories about circus animals for them to just listen to when they are tired of the phonics . I love this !!
 This is the first CDRom I have purchased for my 12 month old . I popped in the CD with him on my lap and immediately began creating fun pictures . ALthough it will be awhile before my son can actually navigate it himself , he laughed and laughed as I stamped George and his friends on various backdrops . It is a very imaginative , colorful program with fun music and oodles of options . Great value for the money .
 I have 3 children , ages 3 , 5 and 6 , and they all find something to enjoy in this software . My 3 year old ca n't play all the games , but he can play some , and there 's plenty to keep his brothers interested as well . I like what they 're learning from these games -- solid math , spelling and reading skills . They play it so much on the computer at the library , that I 'm getting it for our home computer .
 I 've given this game 4 stars simply because my daughter is a year younger than the lowest recommended age . I 'm sure I would give it 5 if she was three . We bought it anyway , as she LOVES letters , and thought we 'd have fun with it . As it is , she really enjoys the various scenarios . She adores the animals in the zoo , and there is certainly a lot to look at . At the air field , she is able to choose the correct letter for the pilot to write in the sky , and is really proud that she can accomplish this . While we help with with the retrieval of the blocks at the lake -LRB- a little tricky to manipulate the timing and positioning for a 2 year -RRB- she enjoys sitting on my lap and pointing at the proper block to pick up . The scenario at the the bakery is again , a little beyond her abilities at this point , but she loves to watch me play it . Despite the fact that some of the game is a little advanced , we have lots of fun with it . I highly recommend it .
 Now we can truly virtualize as many Operating Systems -LRB- OSs -RRB- as we like on a modern rig , all with full networking capabilities that run anywhere between 100 % and 75 % of the speed as if the OS was actually hard installed on the system . However when we are talking systems with above 512 MB of RAM and better than 2.0 Ghz , you are never going to go with a single OS machine or a multiboot/dualboot when you have seen VMware in action . I have booted Windows XP -LRB- you can boot Win 3.1 , Win 2K also if you want -RRB- , Linux Slackware -LRB- one of the unsupported Linux distros that works and I do n't see why all Linux versions should work -RRB- , FreeBSD6 -LRB- 6 is unsupported but works -RRB- , Solaris 10 -LRB- no problem -RRB- and I have personally seen the Apple MAC OS X Tiger running on it , but running OSx86 is illegal . However I have seen it on VMware on a PC . You can load all this on a notebook and have all of these OSs running on it at the same time , even full screen mode and it just looks so unreal , the kind of stuff that moves your soul when you see OSx86 with networking running on a PC Laptop . The fact you can toggle between the OSs without needing to boot only one OS and the presence of OSx86 makes this an absolute must . A few things need to be noted though . Sometimes you should use VIRTUAL IDE Virtual HDDs instead of SCCIs in VMware virtual hardware setup . In VMWARE BIOS -LRB- F2 -RRB- you sometimes must change large disk access mode to OTHER rather than DOS , especially for Linux systems . If you ca n't get proper screen resolutions sizes , install VMware Tools from VMware , right click on OSs tab , `` Install VMware Tools '' and this mounts the tools inside the OSs in the / cdrom drive . Copy it and install it and you should have all the resolutions you need . Anyway what are you waiting for ? This is crazy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Note
 Now we can truly virtualize as many Operating Systems -LRB- OSs -RRB- as we like on a modern rig , all with full networking capabilities that run anywhere between 100 % and 75 % of the speed as if the OS was actually hard installed on the system . However when we are talking systems with above 512 MB of RAM and better than 2.0 Ghz , you are never going to go with a single OS machine or a multiboot/dualboot when you have seen VMware in action . I have booted Windows XP -LRB- you can boot Win 3.1 , Win 2K also if you want -RRB- , Linux Slackware -LRB- one of the unsupported Linux distros that works and I do n't see why all Linux versions should work -RRB- , FreeBSD6 -LRB- 6 is unsupported but works -RRB- , Solaris 10 -LRB- no problem -RRB- and I have personally seen the Apple MAC OS X Tiger running on it , but running OSx86 is illegal . However I have seen it on VMware on a PC . You can load all this on a notebook and have all of these OSs running on it at the same time , even full screen mode and it just looks so unreal , the kind of stuff that moves your soul when you see OSx86 with networking running on a PC Laptop . The fact you can toggle between the OSs without needing to boot only one OS and the presence of OSx86 makes this an absolute must . A few things need to be noted though . Sometimes you should use VIRTUAL IDE Virtual HDDs instead of SCCIs in VMware virtual hardware setup . In VMWARE BIOS -LRB- F2 -RRB- you sometimes must change large disk access mode to OTHER rather than DOS , especially for Linux systems . If you ca n't get proper screen resolutions sizes , install VMware Tools from VMware , right click on OSs tab , `` Install VMware Tools '' and this mounts the tools inside the OSs in the / cdrom drive . Copy it and install it and you should have all the resolutions you need . Anyway what are you waiting for ? This is crazy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This application is terrific . VMWare Workstation eliminates , for most applications at least , the requirement for dual or multiple boot systems . For example , you can switch operating systems with the click of a mouse button . I have actually had three operatiing systems running concurrently on my system.From the time I loaded the VMWare CD Rom into my disk drive until I had an operational SuSe Linux running in a virtual machine under Windows 2000 Professional was less than three hours . I took a little longer to get the full functionality of Linux ; however , this was my problem , not VMWare 's . I see no observable performance degradation when running normal Linux applications ; however , because of the limitations of the virtual display 's some 3-D intensive application may not work . Note
 What a great product ! I just returned from the Yukon . After using the detail maps and navigation from my GPS , I would highly recommend you not travel without picking one up ! It surely is a must !!
 At my job I use a stable Linux workstation , however we are often forced to use windows systems due to needing Microsoft Explorer for `` web enabled '' applications . VmWare has allowed me to continue running a stable environment yet still access the Microsoft products that are required within the company.Beyond that , it comes in real handy for doing `` proof of concept '' testing . I can lab out an entire enviroment -LRB- with Windows boxes , Linux stations , etc -RRB- right on my desktop . Instead of needing 4 - 5 computers to do testing , I just need to run 4 - 5 virtual machines . The only real limitation is the amount of memory that you have!Overall I feel that this is a great investment especially if you need stability yet ca n't get fully away from Windows .
 My son -LRB- age 11 -RRB- has enjoyed learning chess with the previous 2 Fritz and Chesster titles and Chess for Winners is just as good as the others . Where the 1st 2 titles take you through the basics of how to play and basic tactics and strategy this program builds on the basics . I 've already noticed an improvement in his play after only a few days of working with this program .
 My children have now worked through all three Fritz & Chesster games , and they love them . They are fun , and they do a good job teaching chess fundamentals in a way that engages the child . They are probably on the clunky side for true gamers , but I still highly recommend them .
 I especially like the idea of how the game gets the kids emotionally invested . In reality , this is a series of chess problems , but they have turned it into a nice narrative.I like that the goal is to win 16 virtual stuffed animals for 16 virtual kings .
 We purchased this pack for our daughter who is almost 5 years old . She is totally into this product and spends a good few hours trying to beat GRAND DAD WHITE !! We feel it is definitely a good buy as she is gaining a subtle insight into the game of chess in a very entertaining , challenging and stimulating manner .
 My 7-year-old son loves this game ; he is an avid chess player and has 3 Fritz & Chesster games now !
 Unlike the previous two reviewers , I have had a very positive experience with Panda Internet Security 2007 , and as such I am offering up a different perspective . All has not been perfect , but it has been positive overall and I can recommend this product based on my experience with it.I upgraded to Panda Internet Security 2007 , Platinum Edition -LRB- I 'll just refer to it as `` Panda '' hereafter -RRB- , from Trend Micro 's PC-Cillin suite after a recurring issue forced me to make a decision . I had had good experiences with Trend and was loathe to change , so changing was not something I really wanted to do . After checking my options and doing some research , I decided to give Panda a chance.Panda 's installation was a bit sluggish but it was not unreasonably slow . It did all of the prerequisite checks before configuration and finally it determined that it was ready to install itself . The installation at this point was smooth and straightforward and when it was done it -LRB- understandably -RRB- asked me to reboot the system.Once the system rebooted , I was off to the races . Panda immediately started to look at programs that were trying to access the network , it flagged me down when I had incoming port scan attacks , and it dutifully logged everything going on . It also did something else - it started giving pop-up bulletins . Within 30 minutes I must have received 3 or 4 pop-up bulletins that contained informational messages , not alerts that demanded attention . While these can be configured to not show up , I was just a little annoyed by the frequency under the default settings . These bulletins have decreased since that time.Panda 's first order of business was to eliminate everything it considered to be spyware . This equated to deleting a lot of cookies . Most of these were benevolent , but some were obviously tracking cookies . Panda also seems to be eliminating these types of things when they first reach the system , which in my opinion is a good policy.The firewall does what you would expect a firewall to to - it keeps unwanted traffic out and it prevents programs from reaching the net without your knowledge or approval . A program can be `` locked down '' and denied all access , and through the firewall profile you can make changes and tweaks to access.I did some testing with the antivirus , and it worked relatively quickly to scan the entire system . I was able to tell it to work in the background with reduced CPU requirements and as a result the system did not slow down enough to make it unusable . As of yet it has not found a virus on the system so I just do n't know how it will react to one when/if it finds one . My assumption is that I will get another pop-up bulletin.The integrated antispam has yet to prove itself . I use a different antispam product , but Panda still does an evaluation on every inbound message . So far it seems to be properly marking messages as spam or not spam by the footer it places at the bottom of every message , but the other product I use has done the bulk of the work already . I am waiting to see how Panda handles spam messages that slip through the gauntlet and into my inbox . What I have seen thus far suggests that it will probably manage well enough . The antispam does integrate with Outlook automatically and gives a couple of new buttons for classifying spam when it comes.By default , the parental control feature is turned off , and I decided to turn it on . This is one of the features of Panda I do n't especially like . It manages access through the parental controls by way of profiles with passwords . So , when you have an internet connection and you have parental controls turned on , Panda requires a password just to get out the net at all . Granted , this is only required one time for the connection , but it is cumbersome and annoying . This type of set-up is not well-suited for family computing but is better for office and academic environments . After testing it for a little while and determining that it seems to work fairly well , I turned it off to avoid getting chastised by my family . I would likely use this more if there was a way to tell it to filter the same way for everyone without requiring a password.Panda queries for updates daily . This is reassuring to me , knowing that I am almost always very current and have the latest signature files . I regard this as mostly psychological though , as I doubt I will ever encounter a virus that is new enough to require this tight of an upgrade schedule . The heuristic scan feature of the antivirus is likely to handle anything like that anyway.One of the more interesting features of Panda is the TruPrevent functionality . Basically , this is a behavioral analysis of applications and processes on the system , which looks for unusual or suspicious activity . So far this has turned up nothing on my system , but it is reassuing to know it 's running in the background . This kind of analysis should be used cautiously , though , as there is always a potential for false positives.Visually , Panda is a very simple and straightforward application with a no-nonsense interface . You are not going to be overwhelmed with buttons and sliders and lists and everything else all jumbled on the screen in one big box , but rather everything is kept as simple as possible . Sometimes this means having to dig a little to find the setting you need , but honestly I think the interface is reasonably self-explanatory . The most difficulty I had with Panda was in registering the product . I got a pop-up bulletin that offered a discount if I registered then , and I had already made my mind up to do so , so I followed the offer link . I was taken to a page all in Spanish -LRB- this is not entirely unexpected as I believe that Panda is based in Spain -RRB- . I manageed to reach the English equivalent page , entered the requisite information and the website returned a very short error message . I got through several hours later and got through the registration process , only to find that I was sold the wrong product from the link . To resolve the issue I had to call their office and work it out on the phone.With only a couple of minor annoyances and one registration issue , I have had a very positive experience with Panda . The application is not overly burdensome to my computer , it seems to be very quick and efficient , and it has kept me informed of issues as they arise . I consider this a good solution and I am happy to recommend it .
 Very simple to use , it does n't slow down my computer . Good protection for my PC
 This is one of the best , user friendly `` photosuite 's '' I 've used . Whether you are a beginner or advanced user , the intuitive menus keep you in the right direction.Caution
 Roxio PhotoSuite 8 is a wonderful program it 's done wonders for me when it comes to special effects with pictures and videos and it has an easy to use freehand crop which is something that most photographers and graphic desingers look for in any software , plus Roxio did a great job with the packaging and also with the quick delivery so overall i 'm extremely impressed
 I have been using this product for about 4 years . I find it to be comprehensive . We have a mixture of residential and commercial properties and The Property Manager handles all of it . It does CAM for the commercial properties and handles all the banking , and tracks the tenants , and pretty much everything we need.Setting up buildings and units in the program was a piece of cake . Setting up the accounting system was more difficult because we have multiple ownership entities and ca n't permit money to become commingled in the system . The setup is documented , but you have to read the docs carefully and even so we still needed some support from the vendor.It reminds us about lots of things - rents due and late , open workorders , lease expirations , and so forth . It automatically generates invoices , receipts , deposit tickets , eviction notices , and so forth . Most of that is user configurable.In any case , once we had it up and running , it was able to do everything . I highly recommend it .
 I have used Net Object Fusion v. 2 , v. 3 and v. 4 in the past . I am now back into the web development mode and purchased v. 9 but had some problems between it and Explorer 7 . I upgradeed to ver .11 which solved all the problems . I think this is the best web editing software on the market and will continue using it as long as I am in this business .
 I really enjoy working with German Pro . It is created and stimulating for the serious minded German student . The `` Tell Me More '' CD 's have many different features which are challenging , but not overwhelming . The only minus to this program , that I have is with the `` Dictation '' feature . The female speaker raddles off the sentence at top speed , which I ca n't understand even when the answer is written out on the screen . The male speaker generally speaks slower and is easier to understand . I definitely recommend this program and would be interested in purchasing more advance German products by this company in the near future . In fact I have purchased the Spanish Pro and look forward to using it soon .
 I really enjoy working with German Pro . It is created and stimulating for the serious minded German student . The `` Tell Me More '' CD 's have many different features which are challenging , but not overwhelming . The only minus to this program , that I have is with the `` Dictation '' feature . The female speaker rattles off the sentence at top speed , which I ca n't understand even when the answer is written out on the screen . The male speaker generally speaks slower and is easier to understand . I definitely recommend this program and would be interested in purchasing more advance German products by this company in the near future . In fact I have purchased the Spanish Pro and look forward to using it soon .
 Collection 5.0 - This is where you can find all the standard tool in the design industry in a box . Ca n't wait for my copy to arrive .
 I am not a native speaker of English living in the US since a couple of months , and I am still learning English . My teachers say I am smart enough to learn English very quickly , and I could teach my native language to Americans . Well , I believe these CDs are what I want , but I can not afford to buy them now , because I spent some money on buying a book on language from amazon.com -LRB- the best web site for such stuff -RRB- yesterday . I can just see the CDs on your web site and dream of having them in my hands some day . I wonder when this dream is gon na be come true .
 The Lego Kindergarten CD for the computer is WONDERFUL !!! My son loves it and it is easy for him to understand . He really enjoys his computer time with this set of games !! If your little one enjoys anything lego I would HIGHLY recommend this !!
 My son is now into Legos and he loves this game ! I read the reviews about this game before buying it , but my son seems to enjoy the game more than I thought he would . I almost bought the Lego Preschool game -LRB- based on the good reviews it got -RRB- , but I was scared it 'd be too easy for him .
 Our 4 year old grandson enjoys the challenge of this game . He has conquered the preschool version and takes great pleasure of alternating between success and challenge .
 My son -LRB- autistic -RRB- liked this CD game very much . He enjoys playing alot of CD games on his computer and has several Lego games .
 As an intermediate French speaker and someone who has lived in Paris , this is a wonderful way to keep up with and enhance my French language skills . I do appreciate , however , that beginners may not feel the same way , as this may be more appropriate for someone who already has a base knowledge of the language . I love using this program - I never run out of fun new lessons , it seems .
 I loved this program . I had taken French thirty years ago for a semester and a couple of adult education courses before starting . The CDs have learning tools for comprehension , vocabulary , present and past tense , speaking and dictation . It uses a video to begin the lesson with both spoken and written dialogue . One can follow along with the written until familiar . The lessons build on the video . There are different games to improve skills and exercises that require one to repeat words , rearrange sentences , fill in blanks , match words for meaning , and answer questions . The variety kept me interested . There are tools to assess how well one is doing . I would highly recommend it for someone with some basic vocabulary and verbs .
 Everyone rating this product so low because it 's `` hard '' needs to read the box more carefully before buying.Title
 This is an effective language learning program . most of the negative reviews revolved around the difficulty of the content , the lack of guidance or the `` unorganized '' interface . I feel the approach of this software is one of the best in its price range . lets face it , learning a language is difficult no matter what claims are made on the box ! this program -LRB- like the name suggests -RRB- immerses you in spanish language . it 's your job as a motivated student to find your way around -LRB- not unlike stepping of a plane in a foreign country -RRB- and in the process learn a good amount of spanish . yes , the video appears difficult at first but you can pause it at anytime and if you right click on any word you get a translation and pronuciation of the word . you can also click on the translation button and see the text in english as you hear it being spoken . there is even a control panel where you can change the difficulty level and the speed of dialog among other things . the grammar sections are comprehensive and there are plenty of exercises which relate to and reinforce the lessons . the interface and navigation bar lets you jump to any are of the program you want to work on . the exercises change depending on which lesson is selected and there is a progress screen where you can track your progress . if you supplement what you learn here with other stuff like watching your favorite dvd 's with the spanish subtitles on or reading bilingual magazines you will really benefit from the solid foundation this software offers .
 I bought this version of Instant Immersion Spanish Pro a few months ago because my spanish has become quite rusty . I was initially nervous about my purchase based on the reviews contained here , but I decided to go for it . After receiving the program and using it consistently , I have absolutely fallen in love with this program . I do have a decent spanish background , which helps , but this program has SO many features in it , I have been able to polish up my rusty spanish skills in a few short weeks . There are so many ways to work on your skills with this program , I doubt I 'll ever be able to use them all . I found the menu system to be very user friendly and have n't had any of the frustrations expressed in the other reviews . I would recommend this program to anyone , especially those who already have some sort of foundation in Spanish .
 My basis of comparison is limited , but so far I like this title . It is easy to use and seems to have alot more information that I will ever be able to go through . The 5 CD 's seem like a little much , but they are full of information on all levels .
 Patience ! That what the peoples here giving this software a 1 star need . Italian Pro come with 4 tools , not to be played with all at once , but to be use in a gradual fashion.Let me explain , if your new , and pop in the Tell me more Beginner CD in right away , you will go nowhere fast . That why they give you 4 tools , Rosetta Stone , Card game , Tell Me More and the Audio CD . * I calculated 15 min to 30 min , 5 days a week for my time suggestions.Here is the order .1 - The card game , basic word/image association games , with proper pronunciation , you play with this , it 's all games , if anyone has a hard time with this , you should not own a computer . It 's a bunch of easy fun games , and you learn while playing . Play with this CD for 1-2 weeks minimum , or until you past all the test in Gold , and then go to the next step .2 - Rosetta Stone - In here , you move forward , covering all your basics , you should spend here many months -LRB- at least 3-4 months -RRB- , it 's very rich , and very easy to use -LRB- maybe too easy -RRB- , It 's again , real basic stuff to intermediate , the problem here , is after peoples get 's 90-100 good , they past the test once , and then move on . DO NOT . It 's too easy to go fast here , pay attention here , pick up the masculine/feminine of thing , the plural difference . You can easily skip fast here , not knowing why sometime it 's Blanco and sometime Blanca , it 's very rich with many , many , many layers , so do it again and again understanding in the simplest lessons the masculine/feminine and the plurals of everything , do it until you understand why every words are written and sound the way they are , believe me Rosetta Stone is the best feature of this whole package .3 - Then after 3 months , move to the Tell me more beginner and move up and use the Audio CD around this time , here you should spend 6-8 months minimum with those 3 -LRB- TMM -RRB- +1 -LRB- Audio -RRB- CD 's , and there you are , you have your basics , and you can start listening to Italian shows , or go to Italy ! It 's the best package out there , it 's sad that peoples glance at it for a few days , and fail to realize this.Ciao !
 I 've taken 4 semesters of Italian , but it 's been years . This program has it all ... grammar , vocabulary , pronunciation , comprehension ... everything ! I especially like the video segments.The program is very challenging , and I 'm so glad that I purchased it . It truly does immerse you in the language.When I tried learning from my old textbook , I found that there was no way to check my answers , pronunciation , or listening comprehension . This CD package does it all , and I 'm so glad I finally got it ... it 's an amazing price for such a complete program .
 I think people doing the reviews about this product can mislead the opinion of customers when it comes the time to make a decision and buy.First this product name is ITALIAN PRO , obviously it 's not for first time learning italian students , the software has an autorun program , that means that you set the disc in the drive and starts by itself , I do n't see many computer knowledge in that . Believe my word I 'm already studying the basic italian program , in fact the name is just ITALIAN that 's why now I 'm looking the PRO version.Well I think the program is really good , there are audio complementary discs also , so with this you can round very well your learning , finally the discs can be used for english , spanish , english , and I think french speakers too . ARRIVEDERCI
 As someone who has had good experience with NIS 2004 and 2006 over the past 3 years , I hesitated to install NIS 2007 after reading all the negative reviews posted on Amazon . Numerous reviewers who appear to be experienced computer users indicate dramatically slowed internet access and computer crashes trying to go on-line , problems in starting up , problems with running standard software , and problems with NIS installation . One reviewer , trying to counter these concerns , suggests that perhaps the problems these folks were encountering are due to not having configured the installation properly ; but this raises further concerns by implying that , in 2007 -LRB- unlike prior years -RRB- , some sophistication is now required during the installation process.So it was with some trepidation that I finally gave in and bought NIS 2007 . My conclusion , after a week with this new software
 This Norton is great ! Finally , I bought one that I can use on more than one computer . I have two desktops and a lap top and I should n't have to purchase three individual Norton Internet Security discs . So , I bought this one for a good price and it works fine . I like Norton and I am accustomed to it . I 'll buy it again when this one expires . It 's the best internet security and easy to use .
 First of all , to all the reviewers who claim it does n't work , did you ever think about checking the manufacturers site for a patch ? Did n't think so . A simple patch fixed the problems I was having with the product when I purchased it , and as my review title says , I 've used it on XP and Vista -LRB- Vista 64 at that -RRB- so if it 's not working for you , maybe you need to download the patch.Now on to the actual product . It does exactly what it 's supposed to do . I have transferred my iTunes library across 4 different computers now , given 3 different friends songs off my iPod , and I 've never lost any songs in the process . I 've admittedly never messed with any of the video features , simply because I do n't use my iPod for video . Song wise though , this program is solid . When it syncs -LRB- had slight trouble syncing the first time , but it caught it within a minute -RRB- it gives you several views . It shows you what songs are in your iTunes library , what songs are on your iPod , and what songs are in one , but not the other , etc. . From there you can drag the entire iPod contents that are n't in your iTunes library into your iTunes in one easy step . All in all , I am very satisfied with this product , my friends and I use it whenever we need to transfer music -LRB- and there is n't any crappy license on the software , so you can spread it around to your friends if they need it -RRB- . This software does what it is supposed to do
 This game is actually really good . It is a great game for young gamers with the basic controls -LRB- arrow keys , spacebar , enter -RRB- . The graphics are great . It is awesome to young gamers that you get a certificate for beating a level . It is better than those Elmo games with no rewards . This is the best game I have ever seen for computer that is easy for young children . If it had more levels , it would be better . It would also be cool if you could explore other places on a certain level . It is great for older gamers too , because of the difficulty levels . It is a game that can be started up and mastered on the same day .
 InDesign comes of age . I switched from Publisher 2002 toInDesign but bought the entire Design Collection . Very wisemove it turned out despite the price . I was not impressedwith InDesign 1.5 when I demo-ed it but 2.0 is terrific . Thedisjointed tools in 1.5 were upgraded to fit together bothlogically and seamlessly . Photoshop 7 ? The healing tool is adream for photo repair and the principal upgrade from 6 to 7 . BASICALLY you can make a document ... make the graphics EXACTLYthe way you want them ... layout everything with precision andput it into a PDF and go out across the internet or on a diskto the printers with it . Quark I also demo-ed , but this Adobecollection has the functionality of that package AND much more.Also the advent of Adobe 's Open Type fonts are huge in the wayof controlling the typefaces ... The product is supported byAdobe and there are a slew of third party plug-ins andtutorials . Photoshop is something I resisted trying for twoyears . My mistake ... . the layers make editing graphicspossible in ways I never dreamed of . IT 'S ACTUALLY WORTH THEMONEY . THE SLOW LEARNING CURVE IS DUE TO THE ARRAY OF TOOLS ANDOPTIONS YOU ARE GIVEN . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 This is a great collection . You get 4 of Adobe 's best programs . * Photoshop - THE program to use if you are designing advanced graphics . * Pagemaker - Awesome program to do professional typesetting , or to impress people at school . I 've used it to create a great looking booklet for a school project , etc. * Acrobat - Create platform independant documents that will print the same way independent of the OS . * Illustrator - Create vector based images , great to use when creating stickers , etc. using a plotter and a cutting blade .
 Design , develop , and maintain a powerful Web presence , using tightly integrated tools built to enhance your creativity and accelerate your workflow . Whether you 're new to Web publishing or a seasoned pro , move rapidly from information architecture to interactive graphics to the implementation and management of dynamic , data-driven sites . The software is compatible with both MAC OS X and OS 9 . It 's also an extremely economical choice -LRB- potentially saving hundreds of dollars -RRB- considering it includes full retail versions of Adobe Photoshop 7 ; Illustrator 10 ; GoLive 6.0 ; and LiveMotion 2.0 .
 I am just learning how to use this software . It is great.Do not purchase Photoshop 7 in addition to this software as isrecommended on this page -LRB- It is included in Web Collection 5.0 -RRB- . Comes with -LRB- somewhat in order of importance -RRB- : Adobe Photoshop 7.0 Adobe Illustrator 10Adobe Image Ready 7.0 Adobe Go Live 6.0 Adobe Live Motion 2.0
 Affordable and complete solution . Is there a solution like that ? Answer is yes . Adobe has a solution for print/electronic publishing , distrubution . This affordable and powerful solution is a collection of Adobe 's top quality print/electronic publishing software titles called Adobe Publishing Collection . Adobe Publishing Collection is offering a great value for its price . If your business depends on both electronic and print document distribution there is nothing more affordable and useful than Adobe 's Publishing Collection . I can confidently say that you would never regret the money you invest in this collection .
 Photography Workshop has taught me things I thought I knew but was n't sure about . It is a great tool for taking professional photos or candid shots , it teaches you about lighting and sun and shades , the colors are great and the see and learn is wonderful . I could n't ask for a better product for my photos .
 Commentaire en franais
 This is by far the best and richest Bible program ever made!This is a top Bible research program and no knowledge of Hebrew necessary.The Keys to the Bible can be used both by beginners and professionals.Wonderful program !
 I really wonder if the previous reviewers have all really used this product . I 've had to contact support and the experience was great . Inside the box was information on obtaining a DVD . And so what if some of the images are n't useful * to you * , there are 50,000 of them . Even if you only use 1000 , you 're getting them for under 10 cents a picture . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I 've bought Photo-Objects Vol I and waited to buy Vol II . When you install the search engine of Vol I , you have the option of displaying Vol II photos or not . Just turn it on and discover what you 're missing ...
 As I went to look for photo objects for my firm , I saw two people standing there holding a box of Hemera 's Photo Objects . I could n't help but tell these two people that the product is worth buying . They have their own design studio and Hemera Photo Objects Volume II is definitely worth owning!For my business , Hemera 's products have saved me a lot of time and money . With Volume 2 of the series , it featured an OS X version which I have been looking for and the search for photo objects in different categories is a blessing.This review is for the updated version for OS X for my MAC G4.The new search engine works beautifully and the program will first install the thumbnails -LRB- I recommend having quite a bit of drive space ... If you are a graphic designer , I 'm assuming that you do already -RRB- . Thus when you type a word , you will see the thumbnails correspond to that word . Those that are bright and colored are for the version you own , if it 's faded - those photos are from the other version -LRB- in this case VERSION I -RRB- that you may want to purchase.I have had the chance to read the reviews on this product and here 's the nitty gritty . For those who are professionals and non-professionals who are looking for photo objects that are non hi-res -LRB- 600x600 -RRB- with the option to save as 300DPI , you will love this program.For designers - To get the best use for these images for bigger print sizes , I save the files as a transparent PNG , instead of TIF when I need to get the image for a project utilizing a larger dimension . Work with your desktop publishing program and export to EPS and then use your Distiller to make the PDF.If you want a very hi-res version of the photo object , then you will need to purchase it from the company . There are many awesome photos in this collection . With 50,000 images ... that is a lot . Sure , there are multiple ones of the same photo but my gosh ... for the price . You ca n't beat that - for many stock photos , it cost $ -LSB- money -RSB- + for 100 photos . In this case , 50,000 for less than a $ -LSB- money -RSB- . I ca n't comment on the PC version of this software but for those using the new operating system for the MAC , make sure that you find out that it is the OS X compatible version -LRB- the OS X logo on the front of the box -RRB- . Do I have a gripe ? Not really . If anything , after seeing the photos that are faded out in the search box -LRB- the photos for Version I , which I definitely want to buy it now -RRB- , I wish I picked up Version I as well . And that 's definitely what I 'm going to do next .
 As stated on the other reviews , I agree that this package has way too much repeated images . Expect to see over 232 balloons -LRB- some in same colors too ! -RRB- , and countless pictures of eggs.This package needs heavy image editing . I have a feeling the package will end up half the size if all the repeated images were taken out.Good side to this is that it is very affordable . Though it has a lot of repeats it is worth having . There are still lot of selections to choose from . Just dig dig and dig.The search engine works very well . It & iexcl ; s pretty easy to locate images with it.If you have about extra 4.27 GB of space in your computer , I strongly recommend copying all the images from 8 CDs to your hard drive for ease of use . Or else , it will constantly ask you to put in different CD each time you are looking for a different image . I don & iexcl ; t know how it 's organized but let & iexcl ; s say you are looking for a rose -LRB- just an example -RRB- , 3 out of 5 rose will be on one CD and the rest will be in the other CD . It & iexcl ; s a pain to keep changing CD & iexcl ; s.For window XP users , you do have to download the latest upgrade from Hemera website.Personally I think Hemera Photo-Objects 50K Vol I has more interesting selection of images than Vol II.Either way , if you are a designer this will be pretty nice package to own .
 After reading the previous reviews , I almost decided not to purchase Volume II . However , I decided that I liked Volume I so much that I 'd take a chance . I am so glad that I did . Volume II works seamlessly with Volume I , so I am able to see all 100K images at the same time . Just as Vol . I has , the book of color thumbnails is excellent , but I never use it because I can see all of the thumbnails on the computer . I have XP , and it took a phone call to Hemera to figure out the totally non-intuitive way to get it to work with XP , but it 's definitely worth it . The images are varied and clear , and beats any other clip art package I 've ever seen .
 I 'm an art director who has lots of experiance with cheap clients that do n't know the value of quality photography . I 've had to settle for simple type and graphic approaches when a photo -LRB- even a small icon like photo -RRB- was needed . This product has enhanced my ability to offer dynamic compositions that would have been out of my budget otherwise . Tousands of photos at the cost of one high quality shot from the traditional photo retailers ??? How can you go wrong ?
 This is a great collection !!! It has a broad range of imagery and the quality is fantastic , especially at such a low price . The search tool is BLAZINGLY fast ! I had no installation problems whatsoever . I recommend it .
 For the third year in a row -LRB- after I quit Quicken/TurboTax because of the C-Dilla debacle -RRB- I 've used Taxcut . I do n't think much has changed , but I do n't care , since it meets my needs inexpensively.It does the familiar Q&A ; , walking you through your return , and allows you to skip around in case you 're waiting for info to file your final return.I have a pretty complex return ... a 10-page Schedule D with many short option sales , and a K-1 from a Canadian oil trust -LRB- with foreign taxes and a funky tax shelter reporting form -RRB- . Taxcut handled the whole shebang last year without a problem -LRB- although going through the trades was tedious , even after importing them from MSFT Money -RRB- . Moreover , I got an amended K-1 on March 30 -LRB- thanks a lot !! -RRB- and had to file a 1040X amended return ... Taxcut handled that with no problems either.This year I did a pro forma return at the end of December to check the consequences of tax-lot selling ... Taxcut ate it right up without a hitch , showing me how I could trim over $ 10K off this year 's bill by selling some stock that tanked . Without doing the pro forma , I 'd be making many guesses and assumptions on Excel.I gave it 5 stars because it 's a great value for the money . If you expect this to perform as well as the Premium editions , with all their bells and whistles and free extras , you 'll be disappointed . This is a bare-bones product ... you get what you pay for . It is * WELL * worth the bargain price , and a must-buy over its more expensive competitor.I 'll be buying the '05 package this December !
 We used TurboTax for a couple of years then switched to TaxCut on the advice of friends . It saved us a lot more money ! It is more knowledgeable at making the most of one 's deductions than TurboTax . We are sorry we did n't switch last year when we first thought of it .
 Elementary Success is designed to be a helping tool , not a replacement for regular school . We use this program for my 8 year old son , we enjoy the levels and the opportunity to decide which programs we want to load into our Pc . The ease of use could not be any better.The bright colorful images help children associate better with the information they are learning . The Math game helps teach quick adding , and subtracting . Quixel 's Spanish game helps with learning every day words like cookies and milk . The videos on geography are all first class.If you are looking for a tool to add to your home school classes , this would be one I would consider .
 It is a good virusbarrier if you are crazy about protecting your plam .
 My son , who is 5 , has mastered this game and can out do his Dad any day of the week . He loves messing up the trucks and fixing them up again . It is perfect for a kid that likes to tear things up . He is won most of the races and loves it . It is a bit harder for his 42 year old father . It just takes lots of practice and if a 5 year old can figure most of it out on his own , it ca n't be that hard .
 I 've got three son 's age 11 , 9 & 7 . When my 11 year old brought this game home -LRB- a friend of his gave it to him -RRB- , I thought big deal some goofy kid game . After watching the boys play it I saw how great the graphics and sounds were and how challenging it is to play . We all play it now and have a blast doing it . It is very challenging to advance to the next races but once you get the hang of it , it is possible . When you get good you will have enough cash to upgrade to a studly truck . Who want 's to play a game they master in a few hours , this is challenging for all ages and is lots of fun .
 The game is average . But that is well to be expected considering I got such a great deal on it .
 StuffIt 's a great product , read the computer magazine reviews to see why they think so too , and its pretty much the only PC compressor that opens PC , Mac and Linux files too , and the easiest to use once you * unlearn * the klugie way you 've been trained to compress or expand files on Windows over the years with other products , its like unlearning an old golf swing . Why did n't someone think of drag and drop compression and expanding before this ? StuffIt handles nearly any format right on the Windows desktop , you get encryption with it , you can make self expanding archives at no extra cost , plus you get the very cool StuffIt Express program with it to automate other file related tasks too , so you do n't have to do the same thing over and over again -LRB- like making the same mistake -RRB- , and you just ca n't beat the price either . Bottom line , if you get files from folks on other platforms or want to do it the easy way , StuffIt is the only one to get , period .
 This extract and compress program is an excellent choice . I have used since 5.0 and the upgrade makes it better . You are able to right click on any compressed file and extract with any or all options that you want . It works everytime and with alot more ease than that other popular zip program .
 My son -LRB- 4 -RRB- loves this game . He plays it without me helping a lot and figures out most of the questions in the game on his own . I must confess , I helped a bit more when we bought the first Putt Putt game -LRB- travels through time -RRB- . What I love about Putt Putt is that every game is different . The tasks Putt Putt has to do before he can enters the race changes every time a new game is started . And the cute characters and clickable items in the game , makes it a pleasure to watch -LRB- his sister , 2 , loves to watch him play -RRB- . And when you have helped Putt Putt enter the race , you can even play the race as many times as you like!If you have older children , I would recommend Pajama Sam as a great alternative . Although my son loves Pajama Sam as well , he does need a bit more help because some questions can get a bit tricky.I wish that more games were as entertaining and challenging as these - wake up out there , the little ones hate boring games that they play once and then it lies there on the shelf gathering dust . Give us more of these loveable , playable and fun games !
 Turbocad has been around since 1985 , consequently with this many years of development it is full featured and does 95 % what Autocad does , 3D modeling is proably more advanced than Autocad.Uses the same ACIS engine that Autocad has . Version 12 Pro runs very well on Vista ! The learning curve is the same as other large CAD programs . You will need the training books from IMSI and cd 's as well as the training bundle from Cadcourse.com . The online CAD magazine Cadalyst gives it their highest review rating . Imports and exports just about every file format you can think of . Has a large color palette , and every imaginable drawing tool ! Great for Engineering , Computerized Numerical Control and Architectual pro quality work . Also can do technical illustration . While the Pro version is full featured , the Deluxe version is pretty good except it only does basic 3d , not advanced 3d like the pro version does . Is a serious engineering cad/arch tool . Plug-ins available . Does scripts . Upgradable . Great CAD program !!
 I first saw this program on the children 's computer at the local library . My three year old granddaughter was so excited when she sat down and played the games and I decided I would purchase the software for home use . The ordering process was easy , the delivery right on time , the installation on my computer was easy and my granddaughter is thrilled . She has learned how to move the mouse and click on the games she wants and even how to exit . Would recommend this product highly
 We previously had Reader Rabbit Toddler for the Daycare . When it got damaged , we bought this as a replacement . We are so happy that we found it ! The kids really enjoy the games !
 Ive had this program just over one month . . and fine the program . Its very easy to use and operate . No it wont do any online backing . but for the record alot of companies still cut checks . I deal with them every day . . You can record payments and take care of them on your own banks site if you wish . . This program gives a very big bang for the buck ... IT WORKS ... I have yet to get any SQL errors . . or any errors for that matter . . Ive had to work with Quicken . . and the layout was never all that clear as to were to go . I find BookKeepers tab layout very helpfull . Everything is easy to read and understand . . I was prining Invoices and Estimates within the first 30 min of setting things up . You can also use it for more that one company !!
 Very solid product especially if you are running a professional services business . Provides all of the usual `` bells and whistles '' and makes the G/L accounting part seemless.I 've not encountered any SQL errors and it is quite easy to enter misc adjustments -LRB- VISA Card Transactions -RRB- to your bank account and payables using the Bank Adjustments tab.It takes a little time to understand the details behind payroll , but once you 've worked through it , it is a breeze.Great product for $ 30 . Especially for a small company .
 I bought this product more than 3 months ago . I have a small business and needed something to help me deal with my finances . This product does just that with nice , easy screens . I have not had any issues , and recomend this product to anyone .
 I love this program with a few exceptions . It would be so much better if the report templates were easier to change/create , you could attach files to email templates for mail merge docs being sent to lookups/groups and did n't slow your system down so much . Otherwise , I use it everyday and ca n't imagine my business without it .
 I bought this program for my 6 year son and he really enjoyes playing and learning with this program .
 Customer service sucks , but i put up with it because you just ca n't beat the content .
 I 've been a subscriber for two years . They pack a lot of quality into this very professional site and regularly introduce useful new features . -LRB- Example
 I have had this wsj subscription for 2 weeks , I love it so far . You are able to access wsj with the provided username and password on both Ipad and Iphone reader . It is much cheaper what wsj charges on Ipad . For auto-renewal , I think you just want to leave the billing info .
 I subscribed to the print edition 3 years ago , since thenhad had no time to read the paper daily and saw the paperpiling up and go to waste . I regretted my subscription becauseof this.But , the WSJ is just essential reading for me , so for thepast year I would drop by the library on the weekends andperuse the sections that I wanted to , and save the wastageof paper and money . Getting to the library though , was a bitdodgy due to my schedule , their hours of operation etc.Now , that the WSJ is available online I rely on this edition , not only for WSJ , but The Economist , Scientific American , National Geographic etc. I highly recommend the WSJ online subscription.I find I do not need to spend my time at the library onthis reading but other browsing , and I can read this froma computer anywhere . The site/publication is not graphicsheavy and remains as always an extremely well written , well thought out newspaper edition.All the benefits of the newspaper without the paper . : -RRB- If you have the ability to afford slightly less than adollar a week on an electronic subscription I recommendyou give this a try , -LSB- they have an online trial subscription -RSB- and then sign up for the year 's subscription ... Enjoy!cheers , Mary
 The Wall Street Journal on-line -LRB- or paper edition -RRB- is definitely worth its subscription price and is definitely a 5 Star - no question about it.In response to reviewers that complained about automatic renewal on their credit card , and an the inability to obtain a refund , the WSJ specifically spells out its policy in its Subscriber Agreement and Terms of Use , which you need to accept -LRB- and therefore you need to read first -RRB- before you subscribe.I repeat the important excerpts from the WSJ agreement below , but in essence ... you will be notified 30 days before auto-renewal which you can then cancel by phone , mail or e-mail BEFORE the renewal . But once it 's renewed , no refunds are available . This may seem harsh , but they state these terms up front - and again , the benefits of subscribing to the WSJ On-Line greatly outweigh this additional `` hassle '' is worth it.Excerpts from WSJ Subscriber Agreement ... 3 . Fees and Payments ... Subscription fees will be billed at the beginning of your subscription or any renewal . Unless we state in writing otherwise , all fees and charges are nonrefundable .4 . Renewal . Your subscription will renew automatically , unless we terminate it or you notify us by telephone , mail , or e-mail -LRB- receipt of which must be confirmed by email reply from us -RRB- of your decision to terminate your subscription . For annual subscriptions , we will notify you of the pending renewal of your subscription at least 30 days prior to the date your subscription renews , except as otherwise required by law . You must cancel your subscription before it renews in order to avoid billing of subscription fees for the renewal term to your credit card .
 Gives you extensive access to thw WSJ and Barrons web sites . Very helpful .
 Best business and best op-ed . I hope I dont have credit card probs !
 In general , the Wall Street Journal is an essential read for any business . But us at novatravelonline , a travel agency with a slim profit margins , it just does n't make any sense to pay that much for a subscription - even with a discount offer . I believe all such resources should be provided gratis for businesses , with advertisers and investors as primary sources of revenue .
 I had subscribed to the Wall Street Journal -LRB- paper edition -RRB- for several years and found it to be one of the best sources of information -LRB- financial and other -RRB- available . When Dow Jones decided to make the same information available via their web site , I subscribed immediately . Recently , I dropped the paper edition , and now only subscribe to the online version.So , what 's so good about this website ? If you read the The Wall Street Journal regularly , you will have access to information that the general public only hears about several days later through standard media outlets . I found this to be the case time and time again . I would read some random article on Monday , and the following Thursday or Friday the local or national news would be featuring a `` late breaking '' story that was almost word-for-word what I had read about in the journal earlier ! The website , while not perfect , allows you to search for specific articles , research various companies , and retrieve stock quotes . Yes , almost all of these features are available for free on other sites , but you get it all here in one place . The editorial section , while usually conservative , is well written and often has guest authors who are very `` deep '' in their particular subject area.In some ways I miss the paper edition . You can take it with you , read it on the bus , sit outside and read it , etc. . However , the benefits of the online edition more than make up for these deficiencies . I recommend this publication in the online format . For me , it has been money well spent .
 As a WSJ journal addict who is traveling a great deal , I found it better to eliminate my paper subscription and go electronic . At first , I had both the print and online versions , but I found the paper version wasteful as it still contains stock quotes and large print ads on stock offerings.While I have no way of knowing if other reviewers have a different online WSJ with pop-up advertisements , which I doubt , there are none on mine . In fact , the online WSJ is vastly more streamlined than Forbes , Fortune , CNN , etc. . The clutter-free layout allows for easy navigation.The content of the WSJ is unparalleled . What makes the online version so powerful for business research , lead generation and job hunting is the search capability . My major complaint is that free search only goes back for thirty days . For those who want to pay -LSB- $ -RSB- per article , you can use the advanced search page and access Factiva/Dow Jones , which covers hundreds of publication both large and small . Dow Jones argues that they have to compensate the content owners . Yet , they do n't even offer WSJ articles that are already owned.If you are looking for business ideas or contacts , the WSJ is an excellent publication . The online WSJ makes gathering this information less consuming than the print version .
 For those of you who read the newspaper , the WSJ online is a good value . My local newspaper is $ 120/yr online and USA Today is about the same.The only things I do n't like is I wish they would PDF the entire paper so you can view/find/read it as it looks in print -LRB- my local newspaper does that through Olive Software -RRB- . They only have the first pages of each section pdf 'd . Also , they wanted to charge me $ 99 for my renewal , with the only way to cancel is via the phone . I called to cancel , and they offered me 15 months for $ 79 , so I got three more months for $ 10 cheaper than Amazon . Why do n't they just offer a discount for renewals rather than auto-renewing at a higher price . SO KEEP TRACK OF YOUR RENEWAL DATE AND CALL IN ADVANCE -LRB- ABOUT A MONTH BEFOREHAND -RRB- !!!
 I 'm about to renew it for a 3rd straight year . The online version allows access to more current information - for instance , the many mergers that happen before the bell on Monday morning - that you ca n't get from the print subscription . In addition , the email updates are great.If you want real , timely business news , this is your only choice . If you want other news or sports , steer clear.I 've had few technical problems , but recently had screen refresh/updating problems . It took a very long time to correct , but everything 's been good now for a couple of weeks.Update - 12/30/12
 this is the only subscription I would pay for . Easiest to activate , just use the supplied password and then you can change it later .
 The Wall Street Journal online is simply amazing . No longer must I wait to get the paper in physical form . Instant access to the latest news plus Barrons etc is too good of a deal to pass up .
 I have now bought this service to the Wall Street Journal on-line for a second year . The WSJ on line provides great value since one can read articles from the paper journal every day anywhere where there is web access . It also provides email alerts on all sorts of topics and news cataglories.My only problems were 1 - it is hard to locate the on-line item on the Amazon network ; 2 - Amazon does not clearly explain that they will first send a letter -LRB- which takes one week -RRB- to the subscriber and then one calls the WSJ to start the subscription ; and 3 - since I was renewing an existing subscription , I thought it would just continue - but first it was cancelled and then I had to verbally get it started anew .
 I enjoy reading the Wall Street Journal Online . You do n't have the clutter of newspapers , and you can save the articles you like on your computer.I have a broadband connection so it 's not a problem for me to read the newspaper online , but I will still tell you that their site loads up slowly compared to other sites . I think if I had dialup service I might be frustrated . I would definitely suggest a having a pop up blocker when reading this newspaper . If you have dialup service I would definitely suggest trying it out for a trial to see if it 's okay , before buying a subscription.I prefer buying it through Amazon as you have greater control . If you buy it from Amazon , you will have to wait to receive the box in the mail with your user name and password before you can set up your account . When your subscription ends the WSJ tries to sign you up again through them at the full price.The WSJ will just renew your subscription on your credit card if you do it through them , and they charge the full retail price.You can also use Google Desktop to index your computer so that if you want to search for a Wall Street Journal article that you saved on your computer you can put in a keyword and find it fairly quickly.The online subscription is also much cheaper in cost than the print version and to me far more convenient . The cost was much cheaper before . After the WSJ added the weekend edition , the price was raised , and it seems there is very little discounting as I have searched for a greater discount . They apparently just raise their price without warning.You just have to learn how to navigate around the newspaper . My favorite thing to do is to click on Today 's Print Edition on the left side . You can then see most of the important articles . I also like the feature where you click on most popular articles for the day , week and month . When you open an article , you will see that feature on the upper right hand side . Click on most popular.You can customize your page , and select an industry that you want to read about , and everyday you will see articles pertaining specifically to that industry.You can also see the European or Asian Wall Street Journal and get a perspective from other countries of what is important to them . You can also read Barron 's Online which is also a bonus.You can read the Wall Street Journal Online anywhere that you want as long as you have internet access and remember your sign in and password.You can usually see the next day 's front page column 's by 11:30 PM or 12:00 am which means you can read those articles that night or early in the morning , typically before a newspaper would be delivered . The newspaper 's first stories are usually constantly updated and if there is a big breaking news story you will see that displayed right at the top of the newspaper . It will also show you the time of the story.People think of the Wall Street Journal as only a business newspaper , but that is not true . It contains articles on many different aspects of life , from new technologies , medical breakthroughs , trends , to interesting articles about other countries and customs . Most newspapers that write articles about events happening in the world skim the surface in terms of real details , whereas the Wall Street Journal will go into great depth . Of course the Wall Street Journal is the best business newspaper around.Quite a few people have asked me how do you think of new ideas for a business . Simple . Read the Wall Street Journal . It not only keeps you up to date of what is happening in the world , but it tells you about new ideas and trends that are emerging . They tell you about other countries and ideas . For instance , China and India have been extensively written about for years.The Wall Street Journal is very educational , and gives you the ability to talk to people about a variety of subjects . It lets you know what is going on in the world , not just from our perspective , but from the viewpoints of other people and countries.If you read an interesting article , you can easily click on email on the upper right hand side and e-mail it to a friend.If you want to print the article it is best to click on print on the top right hand side to put the article into a printer friendly format.You can also look at prior editions in the archive section , but it is only up to 90 days prior . It used to be one year .
 This is an excellent product that performs exactly as it is advertised . If you are looking to convert `` paper '' reports that can be converted to a database , this is exactly what you should use . I purchased the `` Pro '' version because of my need to convert PDF files , not supported in the `` standard '' version . The only caution - Monarch insists that the PDF file be authentic -LRB- i.e. generated by Adobe -RRB- rather than one produced by a third-party PDF look-alike generator.While the manual and on-line instructions are less than complete , the technical support is responsive and very helpful . I would recommend this product to anyone who has this `` conversion '' need , it can save countless hours of otherwise wasted time .
 This is great software for anyone who needs to pull information out of massive computer reports or . pdf files . You give the software certain parameters about the report you are working with and , once you get it right , you get all of the information in a spreadsheet format that is extremely useable , can be easily exported to other files , reorganized , recalculated , etc. . It does have a bit of a learning curve if you want to do its more complicated functions , however , the time spent learning the software could give you the information you ca n't get otherwise , and save you lots of time in the long run .
 To have the whole run of two series at your fingertips is wonderful . One accesses the disk via Acrobat Explorer , so there 's no installing involved . Mac friendly . The only downside is that after a few issues , your eyes feel like they 're going to pop out of your head ; reading on a computer screen for any length of time is murder . They have lost the licience to do these , so once existing stock is depleted , it 's gone . I love them .
 While I 've found that I 'm too mature for some of the comic book silliness , this DVD has been a great way to relive my childhood . I had a small stack of comic books when I was a kid , many of them FF , that I read hundreds of times , but without ever really being able to follow a story arc because I did n't subscribe and lived in the middle of nowhere . It 's been great fun to bounce around across decades of comics , finding the origins of Galactus and Dr. Doom.The format , of course , is n't as cozy as a real comic book , but with a decent laptop , I 've been able to relax on the couch with them anyway .
 Excellent!Could ` nt be happier with this DVD-ROM . Literally hundreds of Fantastic Four issues at an affordable price .
 Revisit every Fantastic Four an some Silver Surfer.But forget about the Surfer an relive over 45 years of the Fantastic Four ! Issues spanning from 1961 through 2006 with over 750 complete comic books and annuals .
 So for $ 40 , I get enough scans to ocupy hundreds of hours of comic reading time ? That 's easily 5 stars.Also , if you have an iPad , this is great , since the iBooks app provides a good interface for pdf documents.This product is straightforward
 I am thoroughly enjoying this DVD . Brings back my youth in many ways . I was disappointed only in the fact that the manufacturer and Marvel Comics put a ` Marvel ' logo across every page of the DVD comic pages to prevent copying as if someone would not be able to tell a mint forgery from an original in mint condition . The logo is almost a watermark as it is in the background but it is irritating to have to read the comic thru this watermark .
 There is no way a scan is going to be better than the original its scanned from.Unless you expect somebody to retouch 11,000 + pages you will be happy with this package.It 's looks exactly like you remember the original comics.I 'm delighted with this DVD and am delighted there 's no more DVDs like this being produced .
 This set has been well worth the money !! So many comics for so little money is a great deal . They are easy to navigate and extremely legible . Since I bought this set , I have bought several more and am extremely pleased with all of them .
 It 's great having the entire run of FF - especially reviewing the early Jack Kirby work from my childhood
 Lots of fun to read now that I have every issue I was missing ! The only thing I hate is the big Marvel logo in the back of every page , it can get annoying at times but otherwise a great buy .
 I was very excited when Marvel and GIT Corp came out with these products . Now instead of collecting every single comic book you can now simply pop in a DVD-rom and get every single issue you could have ever dreamed of !!! I am a big fan of the Fantastic Four and the Silver Surfer comics are simply a throw-in in which I would be happy to take . The Fantastic Four were created so amazingly like a real life family that one must give Stan Lee and Jack Kirby their due . The villains of the FF are unreal starting in issue # 1 with the Mole Man and moving on with issue # 4 and the Sub-Mariner . The greatest villain of the Marvel universe makes his appearance in issue # 5 in the form of Dr. Doom . Doom would go on to be one of the most famous comic book villains of all time ranking up there with the Joker , Lex Luther , Darkseid , and the Green Goblin . -LRB- Also remember Star War fans that Darth Vadar 's suit was influenced by Doom 's -RRB- . These issues also cover the famous Silver Surfer and Galactus story lines starting in issue # 48 . There are so many first Marvel appearances in these issues like the Skrulls , Klaw , Black Panther , Negative Zone , Blastaar , Diablo , Pyscho Man , Molecule Man , etc. that the FF simply must go down as one of the most defining comic books ever sold.This set is amazing and any one who does not want to pay the money for every issue -LRB- start saving because thats 750 comics -RRB- this is for you !!!!
 I thoroughly am enjoying this immense collection of classic comic amazement . Like many old fools I read these early issues at the time of their release and through the foolishness of youth I lost many of them through age , mold and the old school parental habit of their throwing out those `` childish comic magazines . '' Big , Huge Mistake ! That said , re-enjoying these in digital format is a time trip and an immensely enjoying immersion in what has become an important Art form of the 20th and 21st century . The transfers are not perfect but in the slight grunginess of the scans they capture the essence of the times . While the original art and feel of the books are the best and while I also highly encourage investing in the Marvel Masterwork book series , this collection allows a close-up perusely and examination of this treasure trove of comic book thrills at an amazingly low price . Also , I have noticed in the reviews , a number of statements regarding the MARVEL WATERMARK on the pages as a detriment to the work . I would agree , however , that WATERMARK is only apparent if you look at the PDFs with MAC PREVIEW program or an old ADOBE READER program . Use the enclosed 7.08 version of ADOBE READER or the latest version 9 Adobe Reader -LRB- download is free -RRB- and there is NO WATERMARK on the screen . As old man Stan would put it , Enuf Said . Excelsior !
 this comes with fantastic four v1 1-416 , v2 1-13 , v3 1-70 , and 500 and up plus annuals . As for silver surfer it comes with v1 1-18 , v2 1 , v3 1-146 , v4 1-14 plus annuals . If you 've seen my other comic cd reviews you 'd be wondering why I gave this 4 stars well , unlike x-men and spider-man the ff only have one mag , thus no crossovers with issues missing and no missing out on stories from other mags . It is missing a few mini-series one shots and graphic novels but that 's only like 4 to 6 issues id say this is a great item for any ff and/or silver surfer fan however I really wish it came with the before the ff comics , those where goodFantastic Four and Silver Surfer - Complete Comic Edition
 Complete run , easy to use . Love , love , love this product . Shame on you Marvel for cancelling the contract with the company that produces these . I have been collecting comics for 30 years and have a massive collection , but this product was awesome for new readers that wanted to read entire collections . Unfortunately , Marvel pulled the plug , so planned collections for Thor , Daredevil and others may never see the light of day . At least we got a few before they got greedy . Snap them up from Amazon while you can , there wo n't be any more made !
 If you 're a Marvel fan , these collections are a godsend . Collecting on DVD what would take years and thousands of dollars to collect in comic format is a boon to the reader , and that is who is truly benefitting from these collections . The only issue keeping this from being a five star collection is the annoying habit of representing material which is on a previously released DVD collection . The collected FF was released two years ago and now it has been re-released -LRB- including an additional year 's worth of books -RRB- with the Silver Surfer in this collection . I understand this was timed for the release of the second FF movie but this release is unfair to those of us who purchased the original FF collection . In my opinion , the loyal Marvel fan would have been better served had the Silver Surfer been released in a compilation of cosmic titles -LRB- Captain Marvel , Nova , Quasar , etc. -RRB- . Does anyone out there want a copy of First 44 Years of Fantastic Four on DVD ?!?
 This is one of the most wonderful ideas Ever thank you Marvel comics , thank you so much ! I 'm a film writer and of course I love to read and books are one thing pretty much any great peace of literature you can think is out there but comics and pulp magazines are a whole other story . That is one reason I adore these collections I can read over 400 issues any time I want ! Not to mention the storage As it is I have three book shelves brimming with books and boxes and so on . Anyway this is a fantastic collection the art is amazing and Stan Lee 's writing in particular and worth the price , I 've heard Federico Fellini himself used to read and admire Stan 's writings and I can see why . These peaces of art are part of our countries Artistic heritage , just as much as Copley or Okeeffe . My hope is that people will see the beauty and artistic value of these and buy these collections so that Marvel will continue release all their titles .
 All these comics on dvd-rom for a very low price ! Do n't have to worry about where I 'm going to store them ! A win win for me ! Kudos GIT ! Wish more were coming !
 GIT really did a fine job with these comic collections . Too bad Marvel is now going totally online and wo n't let anyone have the actual comics in hand anymore . * sigh * Oh , well -- but if you can get it used -LRB- or from GIT -RRB- , go for it . It 's definitely worth the money !
 Alright , for those of you who are wondering , this is THE COMPLETE FANTASTIC FOUR ! That 's right , you wo n't ever need another collection!Although it does * not * include crossover issues , this fantastic dvd-rom includes every issue of the Fantastic Four ever published!I have been a die-hard fan of the old comics since I was ten , so when I popped this baby into my laptop , it actually brought tears to my eyes to see the full-color reproductions -LRB- scanned onto disc !!! -RRB- of the original comics , complete with the ads they ran with and everything!Of course , if you like the more modern comics , you need look no further ! This collection , I believe , runs all the way up to 2005 ! I would also like to point out that Marvel has recently issued collections of its older comics , the seminal works in the series . A collection from the Fantastic Four series , containing about 20 issues , costs me anywhere from 10-20 dollars , and it 's just newsprint bound in paper . Therefore , to get over 18000 pages in scanned comics for 40 dollars is almost ludicrous!I think my decision is clear - buy it , you 'll never regret it !
 The product is fine as far as it goes , but a little too narrow in scope . The CD is very easy to use , contrary to another customer 's complaint he could not load the CD . There must have been some defect in his equipment or understanding.Charles Cherry , Sarasota
 Love , love , love this game ! The thing I hate is that it is so old it wo n't work on my computer which is n't even new anymore . I 'd love to see this company come back into being -LRB- or some other company buy this -RRB- and update it to work on new systems . This is a great resource gone the way of the dinosaur.Any software types listening ?
 I like the flexibility of this training software -- the ability to create my own exercises . I use the Tutor to narrow down issues and then construct my own exercises to further focus drills . Of the software I tried this one also has a fairly complete results report . I think this is important because it allows you to overcome your own sense of where weaknesses are when your own sense is incorrect.The only issue I 've found is with some of the rhythm drills that depend on the platform on which the software is running to be properly responsive . I find the responsiveness too unpredictable and therefor some of the drills like the rhythm imitation less useful . I do not think this is the fault of EM 5 or any other training software that tries to drill rhythmic input . It 's more a platform issue.Another very positive thing about this software is that I have found the Support to be outstanding . I 've received responses to every single question or comment I 've made within a day -LRB- I 'm in the Pacific Coast USA timezone and they are in Denmark -RRB- even before I purchased it.Well worth it .
 Ear Master has two components that have sold me to the product . Besides the conventional ear-training excercises , there is an area dedicated to jazz ear training . For those of us who improvise , wish to improvise and just wish to improve ... the excercises allow you to `` hear changes '' . Also there is a section that allows you to isolate any area that is giving you problems -LRB- ex > sus 2 versus sus 4 chords harmonically -RRB- and constantly have excercises given to you to really learn and eventually HEAR the change . I highly recommend this to any musician .
 Ear Master 5 is a good program for increasing music knowledge skills . Mastery of the material in Ear Master 5 is equivelent to a 4 unit music theory class-and a lot less expensive !
 did n't realize how tone deaf i was until i excercised on this video . guessing wo n't help . it 's going to take a while to train my recognition of note intervals .
 I 'm just learning Music Theory so this is a little more complex than what I 'm looking for right now.I like the exercises and know they will help me when I 'm ready , but I wish they 'd make these softwares more fun . Yes , I am an adult but , why ca n't I choose the look of my tutor ? The one here looks so somber , really old and depressing.And since it is a software and it 's in our technology , why ca n't the tutor talk . I like that better , the tutor speaking , telling you the lesson -LRB- like a real teacher in a class -RRB- . Music Ace DeluxeandHarmonic Vision Music Acedo that and it makes learning more fun.Anyway , there 's a trial version for this , see if it works for you .
 A two year old could finish this game 5 sec.the horses look ugly and fat and the rider is so so ugly I think the horses butt look better !! but other then that it is prity fun .
 This product has really helped me improve my grades and also refresh on some topics I have n't looked at in a while . I brushed up on basic math and pre-algebra , while using the algebra solver to solve my algebra homework problems , I love it !
 I received this software in a special promotion for teachers . I started using it with my son when he was two years old . He loved it . Although he is four now , he is still able to find challenging activities.As a parent , I have been able to steer him to the most appropriate activities for his level . This is truly the best reading software that I have ever purchased for my child .
 I think I was half asleep when I ordered this game . It arrived as a DVD and I was expecting a board game , but this was a pleasant surprise . It is a great way to test your Bible knowledge . The one downside , which is the reason I did n't give five stars is that when I installed it on my computer , I thought it had allowed for one copy to be made , which I have not been able to do . I really wanted to share it with my Youth Group . One other thing , I 'm not so sure on how fair the scoring is because for many questions you can get up to 250points , but no matter how fast I read the question , even when I know the answer before the choices popup I can never get a full 250pts ... or maybe it 's designed for lightning-quick fingers and younger eyes than mine . -LRB- I 'm just over 50 -RRB- It 's a real waste with these type of programs that can only install once . I would love to learn how I can share this game.Otherwise , it really is a fun game.Thanks , Sandra
 I am a 61 yr . old grandma and I just love this game . I think the end result is always the same , eventually all the tiles will freeze up and you will lose , or you just keep playing and playing and racking up points . Not sure if there is an end or a possibility of winning . I have achieved over 1.5 million points in a game that lasted several days and 64 levels -LRB- it saves your current game and you can replay another day -RRB- but eventually the board freezes up and the game is lost at least for me.It is a tense game but between every level , it pauses and you click continue when you are ready . Any time you want to quit during play , you can click on quit game , and it will be saved until next time.A second tap on the final letter of the word will enter the word a lot faster than going to ` submit . ` If you had a touch screen , you could tap the letters even faster .
 I have looked at many different photo products looking for photos for web design . Some of the newer packages promise 300,000 or even 800,000 photos . I have purchased those and found the images are no where near recent -LRB- e.g. photos from the 70s or 80s -RRB- or even a half way descent quality . I 'm happy to say that this software has an overall better design than the new packages I 've seen . I ca n't remember what I paid for it , but I do n't think it was very much -LRB- < $ 30 -RRB- . Well worth the price , there are many good photos found in this collection . I do n't know what the other reviewers problems were , but the browsing software works wonderful . The search is pretty good , but I would like to see more options such as `` show more images with this model . '' Other than that , I love it !
 This collection is great ! It has tons of graphics and it 's easy to use . It has a nifty option that allows you to export the graphic in different formats . Another great feature is that the program allows you to export the images for use on a web page , by preparing it for the particular background you are using , so there are no unsightly white edges . You end up with a perfect match and a seamless insertion . Highly recommend this collection , and the price ca n't be beat ! I am ordering another one , to have as a backup , in case the dvds get scratched .
 I purchased this software a couple of years ago , and assumed that it -LRB- like every single other piece of software I own -RRB- is not compatible with the new Vista computer we got over the summer . I 've been on the hunt for new Vista-compatible clipart , and was happily surprised to see another reviewer wrote that this software WOULD work with Vista.I crossed my fingers and held my breath while it installed -- and guess what ? IT WORKS !!! No way !!! As far as the quality of the graphics and the available selection ... I create program flyers and brochures for a local children 's organization . We constantly need a fresh supply of clipart images to appeal to kids . There are a TON of images and various styles of clipart available in this collection , which perfectly suits my needs for kid-friendly brochures . I have n't used the photographs or photo objects so I ca n't vouch for their quality.You 'll find , while many of the images may be exclusive to this collection , that MANY of the images are duplicates of those available in other clipart software packages , which can also be found on online subscription clipart sites , and even for free from the MS site.I 'm not even sure this software is still available , but I 'm glad I bought it . It 's perfect for the images I need , and I am VERY happy it seems to be working with Vista !
 I swear by the TurboTax products . No other way to do taxes . TurboTax makes it so easy .
 After reading some of the reviews here , I suspect the problems other people are experiencing using this software is really because they 're using PC 's . I have a Mac and it worked fine . It did everything it claims . PC 's are so problematic!Unfortunately , the G4 I installed it on is gone , so I had to start all over again with a newer G4 -LRB- 1GHz MDD -RRB- . Do yourself a favor , BACK UP YOUR HARD DRIVE FREQUENTLY !!!! I made back up 's , but not since I installed Tune Transfer . BACK UP FREQUENTLY !!!! I ca n't stress this enough ! I had thousands of albums saved , fortunately two thirds of them I backed up on DVD 's , so I 'll only have to re-load a hundred or so.I am buying Tune Transfer again because it worked great on my Mac G4 . I am however , worried about a point someone brought up about iTunes version 9 disabling Tune Transfer . I 'll write a follow-up as I have updated iTunes to version 9.14-28-10 update
 I agree with what everyone else said about CopyPod . It 's been renamed as CopyTrans , but it 's still the same program . I 'm not computer saavy and I was panicked when my hard drive crashed . I just used the CopyTrans program and it was so easy . I started it , it told me to plug in the iPod , I clicked one button and it did EVERYTHING , including re-importing it to iTunes . Go with CopyTrans if you have to save your iPod . It 's amazing .
 I had an old HP with about 15 gigs of music on it that needed to be taken behind the barn and shot and , when I replaced it , I needed to find a way to get all my music to a new machine.The most common answer I got was to do it manually with a stack of blank CD 's , but unfortunately that would have taken several hours , if not several days , in addition to $ 50 + . However , with this product I was able , within 15 minutes , to get every single song onto my new computer using my iPod , a very welcome relief . The interface is extremely easy to use , and , with a good computer , the program works very quickly and efficiently.I highly recommend this product to anyone who needs to replace a computer with a great deal of music on it -LRB- as I did -RRB- or anyone who loses all of their music files on their current machine . Though someone commented that there is a great deal of free downloadable software available to do the same task , I personally feel safer with a CD-ROM product , which guarantees that you will be safe from any viruses or other nasty items that could potentially come with downloaded software .
 Okay folks . The gentleman said his computer CRASHED . Understand ? If that happens , your music is lost , period . end of story . The Itunes store will not allow you to downoad the music again even though they have a receipt for it . It 's not hard to comprehend . Yes itunes automatically syncs , and no , it wont allow you to transfer songs from your ipod BACK to your computer .
 My laptop restored itself because there was too much gunk on my hard drive . I was devasted to lose everything that I had in my iTunes library ... songs , videos , favorite podcasts ... all gone . Not to mention the time and money that I had put into creating my library.I purchased this software from Amazon . I am not a computer guru , so I was glad that the instructions were very simple . Within minutes my library was transferred from my iPod back into my iTunes library !
 Having wiped out my iTunes library due to being a technical ignoramus , I was able to reload 75 % of it from my iPod .
 Not for the first time , most of the reviews below strengthen my view that most people should n't be let anywhere near anything even vaguely technical . This product is an inexpensive way to do exactly what it says it does - it helps you quickly and efficiently backup your iPod files or moves those files to a different computer .
 Given all the negative reviews , I had to chime in . This software did exactly what it said , and what I wanted it to do ... which was to allow me to transfer my music both to and from my ipod . Nothing more , nothing less . Granted , I 'm not a computer whiz , but I actually have a job and was n't able to spend any more than 30 minutes -LRB- to no avail -RRB- fiddling with free downloads or shareware before the $ 19.95 for ` tune transfer ' was imminently worth very penny . If you can find something better / cheaper , then get it . That has no bearing on the performance of this software , which is just fine .
 Looks like this lets you copy songs from your Ipod to your computer . Something Itunes does n't do .
 Richard , you did not use or buy this product . iTunes is for putting songs on the ippod . Try finding a song on your iPod and moving it to another computer or finding missing songs .
 Retrospect is the gold standard for network backup . The `` desktop '' version comes with a three-machine license . When we got a fourth computer , we needed an additional license . Amazon had the best price and continues to provide excellent service .
 This game has some awesome activities , like putting on a puppet show , having fun with Pip and Pop 's music stage in the bathroom , and more . My son loved it when he was little . He has two copies of this game because we purchased a two pack . It also came with `` Bear 's Sense of Adventure '' -LRB- which is more fun to play because it 's linear and there 's a lot more things to do -RRB- . In this game , Ojo goes through five activities that are creative and fun to think of ideas to draw some sketches on her sketchpad , which is kind of like Blue 's Clues when three clues on the objects have to be found and drawn on the notebook to figure out what Blue or any other character wants to do . After writing down all ideas on the sketchpad , she goes upstairs to the attic to show Bear the projects after all the activities have been completed . They can be played over and over again , too . If your child likes Bear in the Big Blue House , I would recommend this game for everyone !
 Suprisingly good for such low-cost software . Great graphics . Do n't purchase if you do n't have a DVD drive/player on your computer , it will not work in regular CD drives . Pretty easy to use with a little practice , but was disappointed we could not get it to incorporate a large berm at the back of our property . Program would only allow creating a free-form slope from side to side , not front to back . Also , major feature that I would like is ability to `` copy and paste '' plants or objects . Takes a lot of time to select and insert the right species/size/color and is a REAL PAIN if you have mass plantings like we do and have to do it over and over .
 I was hesitant to purchase after seeing a few avg reviews but I 'm glad I did . I 've had fun creating garden ` scenarios ' , watching the plants change through the seasons and grow over time . The library sorts by numerous features and conditions . So far I 've planned for a new bed next to a pergola and patio we had installed last year . I put in a plan that I got from a magazine and made changes to include the plants I really wanted . It even tests my plan to make sure the spacing is right , gives me a planting map and shopping list . Now when I go get the plants I know how many , where they will go and I 'll have blooms all 3 seasons !!! Designing a house was OK but that 's not really what I wanted it for .
 Keep in mind this software costs less than $ 20 . That said , I am very satisfied . One of my favorite features is the shadow caster . Once I had my house and fences in place this feature proved very helpful in determining how much sunlight each garden area will get at different times of the year . If you are looking for easy to use software to design gardens and landscape without spending much money , I highly recommend this product . I run XP and keep it current in regards to updates and had no problems installing and running the software . It worked equally well on XP 64-bit that I have on a second machine .
 The software was easy and fast to load , and I 've enjoyed using the program . I found the garden encyclopedia to be thorough . I would have liked the visual to be a bit larger , but other than that this package worked great for our front and back yard landscape plans , and also for our deck !
 I am a parent of a 5-year-old who loves Hello Kitty a lot , and I 'm just writing using this form because I do n't have an Amazon account . I picked this game up for my daughter as we were browsing the store , and she liked it a lot . There were a lot of mini games for her to play with Hello Kitty , and she spend almost the whole day playing . Highly recommended for any young girls who love Hello Kitty or other Sanrio characters !
 I picked this game up for $ 5.99 at Lot-Less stores ... Thinking it was cute . This is a GREAT game for adults as well and young children . There are 8 differnt arcade style games ... They replicate classic game mostly , like pong golf , and tetris . The games arent as easy as one would think . I am 19 and my boyfriend is 25 and we are stumped with the games sometimes haha.The colours in this game are awesome !!! Not to mention it worked on my Macbook . . which dosent take many games . hehe
 Installation on my computer was simple . A friend bought it for me for my 18th birthday and I love it . It 's great for younger kids and even adults !
 My daughters love this game ! On the Mac version , I have trouble with the Cup Cake Trampoline - it gives a blue error screen saying please insert CD or quit . After loading the PC version and comparing the folders and files , I tracked down the problem . The Mac version is missing two files in the `` BREAKOUT '' folder . You need to copy these two files manually from your install CD 's `` DATA '' > `` BREAKOUT '' folder
 I have n't compared this to other products on the market , and am new to home design software . But based on its purchase price , I was expecting far less than this product delivered . In terms of getting a better idea of how your designs will look , this set of programs is simple and very useful . With a highly intuitive PowerPoint-like interface , I was immediately building 3D architectural models , walking through them , and flying over them . Pretty cool . An included deck-design program is also easy to use and allows both 2D and 3D viewing . The program set also includes a bunch of information programs , like plant databases and how-to guides for home projects . Though so much of this is generally available on the internet now , these add-ons were useful and seemed pretty comprehensive . There 's also a photo-based landscape design program , which lets you do things like take a photo of your house , import it , and then add plants and hardscape , either from included images or images you import.So why is all this so cheap ? My guess is that it 's not recently developed . The copyright dates were in the 1999 to 2000 range . But this is a great basic package that blew away my expectations for what I would get at this price .
 This is a great learning tool for toddlers who are 3-5 years old . It makes learning size relationships , weather , and many other things fun and keeps little minds focused !
 My favorites on this disc of many worthwhile games are -LRB- 1 -RRB- they give you a `` blueprint '' of a train or something , and you build it out of its pieces , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- a nature scene where you click on different animals and plants and it talks about them . You can do the scene in each of 4 seasons , each with different details.There is nothing visually stunning about this game . It does n't load pages fast , and is pretty all-around low-tech . But it holds my 4 year old 's attention and I feel that she is learning from it . Based on my experience with this , I probably wo n't buy more Sammy 's House series games , but I do n't regret this purchase .
 My kids love this program . Even my older kids will play it sometimes . It 's fun and it is organized so that the learning is intuitive and enjoyable . The kids do n't know they 're learning , they think they 're just playing .
 My children especially enjoy making their own movies , which is actually a program that teaches them sequencing . They also enjoy putting together the different pictures using the assortment of shapes given .
 This is one of the best learning games I 've purchased . My 7 year old has been using it for over 4 hours , and he does n't even realize it 's a learning game . That 's the best kind !
 Retrospect is an extremely powerful backup solution , and for many years was the standard , and perhaps the only real backup software solution for Macintosh . However , since the debut of Mac OS X , many other solutions have flourished . Retrospect to many now seems a dinosaur -- confusing , quirky , not often updated , with only acceptable technical support . However , in my opinion , it 's still the standard , what other programs compare themselves to.Retrospect is not really designed for a single computer backup -- while I use it for that task -LRB- I backup my home folder daily , and my whole computer weekly -RRB- , Retrospect shines at backuping a whole network full of Mac and Windows PCs , and thus may seem a little confusing for the single-computer user . However , I was able to pretty easily create a rock-solid backup system -LRB- daily home folder backups , weekly hard drive backups -RRB- that stores all my files on my external hard drive . I 've only restored once , but when I did -LRB- an obscure preference file -RRB- ; Retrospect searched through its backup and found five copies of that script -LRB- I use the recommended `` incremental backups for four/8 weeks , then reload and restart the set '' method -RRB- -- recovery worked perfectly , if a little slowly.This `` Upgrade '' package is for those who have Retrospect Desktop or Express , version 4.3 or above . Retrospect Express is a slimmed-down version of this software that came with many hard drives and utilities , like -LRB- in my case -RRB- Norton Systemworks . I recommend , if you 're planning on buying Retrospect , to try to find a copy of Express you can use to upgrade -- it saves you quite a bit of money.This `` Desktop '' edition comes with two free client licenses , so if you have a home network with three computers on it , you can backup all three computers , making one the server and two the clients.I bought this copy since it cost the same as an activation key on Retrospect 's site and wanted something physical , a manual , a CD , something . When you buy this ; all you get is a CD sleeve with a key and a Retrospect install CD . However , the copy of Retrospect on the CD and in fact the whole CD can be downloaded from EMC 's site ; so all you 're getting from this is a professionally-burned restore/install CD.If after reading this you 're still not sure if you want to buy Retrospect , I suggest reading the `` Take Control of Mac OS X Backups '' ebook by Joe Kissell .
 My 4-year old daughter , who is really INTO princesses just now , LOVES this -LRB- though she is disappointed Cinderella is not a princess guide -RRB- . She wants to play it daily , for up to 2 hours or more at a time . However , be forewarned , if they make a picture , they 'll want to print it and it takes a toll on the color ribbon . Seems easy to use , she figured it out on her own without any adult help . There are a few games built-in , but basically it 's just dressing up `` dolls '' in various ways . There does not seem to be LOTS of options though , so an older child -LRB- my 9 year old niece -RRB- would bore quickly . I think she 'll tire of it eventually , but it 's good for at least 6 months of dedicated interest as far as I can tell . Side note
 If you 're looking for a utility to extract compressed files , chances are you want WinZip . I 've tried various utilities , and always seem to come back to WinZip . WinZip even supports compressed . tar files , so I can unpack UNIX source code archives without having to do it under Linux.Winzip also associates the supported archive types with Windows , so double clicking an archive file will run WinZip . Likewise , downloading a . zip file in IE or Mozilla will also run WinZip.Note , that this program will not decompress RAR or HQX archive files -LRB- -1 star -RRB- .
 Basic but works my 16 yr olf daughter is going to Guadalajara in the summer and she will go speaking the correct spanish and learn more along the way there .
 All is well - DVD arrived in plenty of time and was a hit this morning ! My daughter loves it.thanks ,
 The CD-Rom with record and playback features makes it easier to work on pronunciation . The progression of levels from easy to more difficult is good . It would be nice to have more than the 2 speakers on the Cd , just so you could hear different accents and inflections .
 It is exactly what you hoped it would be . Great analog string sounds that sound like they are coming out of an old 1970s synth !
 Same Company . New Product . Better Product . I 've been using them for 2 years now for my direct mail campaigns .
 I used this product to conduct a telemarketing campaign . Out of 500 calls I made , I got 15 bad numbers . This was very impressive . Most lists I have used in the past are not this accurate . I had good success . I would use them again .
 Love the greyhounds , although my wife didnt like the tv ad with the greyhounds chasing the rabbits . Poor rabbits.Good product .
 Firstly , I was impressed that they were willing to ship to me in the UK.I was looking to target North American accountants , and they had a huge list -LRB- although im pretty sure all list sizes are roughly the same -RRB- . Really enjoyed reading the content that came with -LRB- us british do things differently so i wanted a feel for the NA way -RRB- . Got quite a bit of bites from my campaign and was overall very pleased . Buy it if you are comparing this to any other lead generation software .
 I saw an ad for this product in home office magazine and was curious . Checked out the site . Company is certainly taking a new approach to sales leads , by focusing on the small business at a price nobody else is touching . I bought the product -LRB- the one with 3500 prepaid listings -RRB- and ended up buying more -LRB- about 1500 -RRB- so in hindsight , I would have better off buying the more expensive of the two , and paid a little less per lead ... but nonetheless , I really found it a to be a super tool . The CD basically takes you to their website where you can search for and download data . Very easy to use , and the best part of the process with dealing with customer service . They really seemed to care about the success of my campaign ... helped me pinpoint the exact group of companies I was targetting and even helped me with the direct mail component . Would strongly recommend !
 Game has some decent scenes , good songs and colors . My three year old does ok on it - there 's one particular scene where clicking on Bert and Ernie 's faces changes their shape and my three year old belly-laughs to the point of falling off the chair . Good game if you can find it used at a discount . .
 I was a big fan of the Instant Immersion Spanish 2 CD-ROM Set -LRB- Jewel Case -RRB- , which is for beginners and up , so I was happy to take a chance on the advanced CD set a couple of years later . I have n't been disappointed . These are excellent CDs , though not quite as much `` fun '' as the beginners -- though still fun ! These CDs really are for use to supplement * advanced * Spanish classes you are taking -- they are no substitute for such . I 've been using them to prepare for the middle-level DELE exam , and have found that they are indeed , helping . Different accents are presented -- not just `` pure '' Spanish of the North of Madrid , but also various accents in Central and South America . Also , I 'm on a Mac , running system 9.x , and have had no problems running these CDs .
 We adopted two boys from Ukraine . When we brought them home , they could n't speak ANY English . Of course , language was a monumental issue , early on ! This software was a HUGE help ! The other reviews will tell you that machine translation is not great ... well , we can tell you that it is not perfect , BUT it has made all the difference for us ! It continues to be a real life-saver for school and home communications . We also use it to write letters to the boys ' extended families , who are still in Ukraine . HERE 'S A HELPFUL HINT
 THIS SOFTWARE IS VERY USEFUL AND INTERESTING FOR PEOPLE WHO NEED TO TRANSLATE IN SEVERAL LANGUAGES . I HAVE THIS SOFTWARE SINCE LAST YEAR BECAUSE I NEEDED TO TRANSLATE SEVERAL DOCUMENTS.I RECOMMEND THIS SOFTWARE FOR EVERYONE WHO NEEDS SOME TRANSLATION.THANK YOU , LILIAM
 2 years ago I found a new job as account manager closing deals over the phone , and all of my customers where english native speakers . Let me tell you that I was able to do my job and no one of my customers presented a claim about my English skills.I used a lot the pronunciation module . I repeated every word until I mastered . It required discipline . Results depend on your self .
 This game is great . Learn all about geometry in a fun way . My kids love it !
 Originally purchased years ago when running windows 95 . Best typing tutorial I 've ever seen . Beware of limitations
 Half the battle of learning to type is wanting to practice . My four kids would spend hours on this program if I let them . The drills were inventive , the music catchy and the kids actually practiced ! I highly recommend this for Mac users . We had no problem downloading onto our older Mac and the kids learned typing skills in no time .
 As a pc support tech , I use and/or test several software packages.Norton systemworks 2003 pro and systemsuite 5.0 are by far the top 2 products I 'd use for pc utilities.Systemsuite seems to have a better registry cleaner.It has found as many as 1,459 registry errors and fixed them.Norton 's windoctor found a lot less.The disk fixer in systemsuite sometimes tells you to run CHKDSK / F , whereas norton does a better job in that area.As for defragging , systemsuite allows you to place checkmarks next to each drive you want to defrag.Whereas norton requires you to schedule the drives or run them individually -LRB- Or at least I have not yet found a batchfile that would run all drives yet -RRB- .
 I 've read all the reviews for this , and I have come to the conclusion that some people are either clueless or have some seriously screwed up systems . I have used Norton Systemworks and System Mechanic Pro -LRB- w/Panda Plantinum -RRB- and both either caused problems with my system -LRB- XP Pro -RRB- , did not function correctly -LRB- Panda -RRB- , or did not install or uninstall correctly -LRB- Norton 's especially difficult -RRB- . Systemsuite has been excellent ! I have installed and uninstalled it several times without ever having any problems , the antivirus updates frequently , usually no longer than 2-3 days -LRB- Mcaffee and Norton usually update only once a week -RRB- and all the utilities work perfectly . The program comes with several extra utilities -LRB- Ghost Surf , PowerDesk , Recovery Commander , and MailWash -RRB- but you DON `` T HAVE TO install these if you do not want to . You also can choose to install either the antivirus or firewall , both , or neither , and the utilities work with other firewalls and antivirus programs if you already have other favorites . -LRB- Just remember to have ONLY 1 antivirus and 1 firewall running , whatever you choose ! -RRB- As I said , I do n't know why some people had such problems with this , but after using several similar products , I feel this is the best currently available .
 Great product , I had fix it 5 which is also a great product but why play with the little boys . This system offers so much for the money like ghost surf , Pc-cillin anti virus , Time sync a good fire wall compatible with zone alarm which I gave up for this system . It keeps track of all your last operations . It has too much to list , over 50 . It detects viruses quickly compared to nortons which I was running at the same time . Save your money on indivisual products when you can get it all in one for a bargin price . I highly recommend this product .
 I 've been using Fix-it utilities since ver . 3 and have always enjoyed the product and have never had a problem . I evaluated the Norton Internet suite and I got upset when I found out I had to purchase a subscription to it . My Fix-it utilities anti-virus software from year 2000 still receives updates free of charge . I run WinXP and I have n't had any problems with the firewall software . All the software included in this suite is high quality and best of all ; no subscriptions , no activation , and software that does it 's job . This product did n't win PC magazine 's choice 2002 , 2003 for nothing , it certainly won my choice .
 I have used this product since 1999 . Before I used Norton Utilities for a number of years . But it would crash and use a lot of memory . Then in about 1999-2000 , I was looking for a good program that could run on different operating systems . This was great then . I only used Norton 2000 for antivirus . Now it has a better anti-virus program . The firewall has worked great . So this is a great multi-functional utility program . I love the fact that it is versatile with a firewall , zip , file manager , antivirus , etc. . It is so good , it got PC Magazine Editor 's Choice Award for 2002 , and 2003 . Another feature that is great , it has a bootable CDrom .
 Background , I 've worked in the computer field since 1988 . I 'm currently a network administrator . I 've built my own computers since I switch to PCs from the Commodore64.I 've used this product for well over 5 years with upgrades along the way . It is the first software I install on any computer I build for myself after the OS installation . Where these folks are complaining about the AV update I 'm not sure . I 've had it update 2 and 3 times during a one -LRB- 1 -RRB- week period on a regular basis . The AV component is an OEM of Trend Micro , the firewall is and OEM of Sysgate Personal Firewall Pro and it is a connect and deny firewall.I can not give this utility suite a more resounding endorsement.I have used the registry fixer literally hundreds of times and just accepted its default , and never experienced a single problem.Buy it , you wo n't regret it .
 I use both systemsuite AND norton systemworks 2003 to fix pc problems.As I mentioned in a review about systemsuite 4 , this product does some stuff norton systemworks does n't , and vice versa.The pro 's : - good registry fixer - good setup of multiple drive defrag at 1 time.cons : Any sort of disk problem and the defragger utility dies ! Tells you to run CHKDSK / F to fix the drive error.Norton systemworks.Pro 's
 After reading all the 19 reviews as of 2 7 06 , it seems people either love SS5 or hate it . Maybe it depends on what kind of OS they 're running , and how much they expect a complex and somwhoat sophisticated program to work perfectly on all the different systems out there , without doing any setup to tailor the program to their specific system and needs.My experience with this program over the past couple years has been mostly good . But it has n't all been peaches and cream.It took quite a while to scan my system the first time before some of the special features would work . And until I got used to it , I had insufficient notice from the program , when it was hung up versus , just taking a long time to set something up initially . Subsequent scans went much faster . And most features worked well and fast , after I got familiar enough to know what to expect . The learning curve was n't real hard , but a delay to learn , seemed to be present initially at least briefly , for most but not all features . A few of them just take off and run intuitively with no further input required from the operator until the function is finished.The first scan I ran for bugs found maybe a half dozen , mostly low danger ones . It removed or fixed about 2/3 of those quickly . Dealing with some of the other ones manually was okay , but dealing with the last few was quirky and confusing . I wound up resolving them by methods outside SS5 . So removing bugs is probably not it 's strongest tool.After I got it set up , it ran pretty well in most features.I especially have enjoyed and benefitted from the registry cleaner . I think that was rated the best registry cleaner in reviews by mags including PC Mag . Again , the first time I ran that feature , it found so many things needing attention I was overwhelmed by the volume , and had to cancel and return to it later when I had more time . With regular use -LRB- maybe once or twice a month -RRB- , that feature is a piece of cake to use and takes a relatively short time.The firewall works well . I can turn it off and on when needed , but it took me a while to figure out where the controls for that were . It seems to find about the same number of viruses etc that Norton Antivirus does.The virus scanner is vastly faster , both for large scans and individual files , than Norton Antivirus , which I 've used for about 5 yrs . I think Norton 's program may be a bit more powerful , and better supported with it 's terrific advice pages on how to manually remove each major virus if their auto fix program wo n't do the job . But the forced upgrade -LRB- not update -RRB- for Norton a couple yrs ago , was a real headache . And Norton 's instructions once you get off track are horribly inscrutible . I found SS5 's antivirus instructions far easier . However the updates I do weekly or more often for Norton 's definitions etc , come in almost flawlessly and fairly fast . While SS5 's updates seem much slower . I think NAV has an incremental update , rather than a full antivirus program update like SS5 seems to be downloading each time.I wo n't use either of them for antivirus next time around . I 'll probably go with Zone Alarm 's antivirus or suite.But for several other features , I 've had pretty good luck with Vcom 's system suite 5 . Registry Editor , defragger , disk fixer , antivirus function and some of the others . There are many functions , some of which I 've only needed to use recently . And they seem to have a decent batting average , compared to most software products that are out there.I do not have windows XP , which has been suggested is a problem for SS5 . I have Windows ME , on a system that was near top of the line 5 yrs ago , and with many peripherals , quite a large number of files , rather large storage , and innumerable utilities , both PD and commercial . It 's possible a System Suite like Vcom 's is more useful for older systems , than for relatively new ones .
 After reading all the current reviews I must weigh in . I 've had no problems with System Suite 5 on Win XP SP1 or SP2 , or Win 98 SE . I 've installed this for customers Home PC 's and they love it . I 've simply never had any problems with it except for a brief problem getting antivirus definitions for about 2 weeks , while their server had problems . But that was resolved within 2 weeks and have had no problems since . I agree that the defrag and the registry fixer is better than any of Norton 's . And on my Win 98 system I had to use the system recovery tool to get me back up & running and it did the trick , saving me going back to some old Ghost restore and then updating programs and loading data back on the HDD.As for System Suite 5 not being better than System Suite 4 , I agree . But then , is any of the Symantec products better than the prior versions ? I 've not found them to be better . Are we being churned for $ , you bet . But the question is whether or not you are getting you moneys worth and I and my clients certainly have . Best of luck to all us consumers .
 I really liked the product . It really helps fix the registry and boost my computer 's performance and speed . Also , it makes sure there is no viruses in my computer .
 If you are using Windows xp keep in mind , Windows xp has it 's own built in , though one way , firewall . Before installing a software product that contains a firewall , such as SystemSuite , you must first disable Windows xp 's firewall . Failure to disable Windows xp 's firewall can result in the inablilty to access the internet . This is due to conflicts resulting from having two firewalls running on your system at the same time . That said , SystemSuite remains a great value and provides features for Windows 2000 and Windows xp that Norton SystemWorks provides only for Windows 98 and ME . Norton was once my hands down favorite , but now I think SystemSuite has the overall edge when you consider features and price . SystemSuite is the most well organized Utilities suite I have tried and I have not found a real ` dud ' in any of it 's features . Norton has a great Anti-Virus and Firewall , but Norton 's Utilities need to be updated to keep up with the competition .
 I have Tivo in the livingroom but I wanted something in the bedroom that would take the place of the flaky software that came with my ATI TV tuner card . Beyond Media and Beyond TV with the Firefly remote were just the ticket . I 'm a PC Tech and I use my PC as a PC first and as a media center second , so this was the right way to go for me . I have lots of software , like Nero Recode and ATI 's conversion software , to convert file types . That was n't my main goal - I mean , I have 660 Gigs of hard drive space and do n't need to compress my movies . I have all the codex installed to play almost any kind of video file and Beyond Media with the remote makes my little media center in the bedroom a great retreat . The added feature of CinemaNow and MovieLink right in the main interface was a huge plus . As an owner of Tivo , the Beyond TV interface was very familiar and worked just as well , with all the bells and whistles . I have been very satified . I think if you truly judge the software for what it is you will be very happy .
 Beyond TV 4 + Asus My Cinema - P7131 TV / FM Card = great poor-mans DVR!I have an older puter sitting around with an 1.2 ghz athlon proc . I dropped this cheap -LRB- only paid $ 24 bucks on eBay -RRB- , PCI TV tuner card in it and installed Beyond TV 4 . It works flawlessly ! One thing to remember is to make sure that you set the recording format to an lower level that the system can handle . I use mpeg-2 setting at `` fair '' . I noticed that if I used an higher setting like `` mpeg-2 DVD quality '' or `` HDTV '' , my system would start getting laggy and skipping a lot . So you have to make sure that you set in to something your puter can handle . For me , `` mpeg-2 fair '' is pretty good , It is better than and VCR recording but not as good as DVD . And I am using an old system to boot .
 First of all , I have been using Beyond TV for close to two years . I stumbled across this looking for reviews on Beyond Media.I have been using home built PVR 's for about 3 years now and have had my hands on every major product , including MS Media Center , Sage TV , Nero LiquidTV , FreeVo , gbPVR and of course Snapstreams Beyond TV.Beyond TV is hands down my favorite and I will illustrate why.First of all , it is dead on reliable . Other reviewers mentioned having problems , that is a surprise to me . My system is by no means a beast - Intel Pentium-D 2.8 ghz , and 1 gb of RAM . with that , I have three TV tuners , a high end soundcard -LRB- auzentech xplosion -RRB- with optical out to a set of Z5500 digital speakers . The computer goes months on end without requiring a reboot . One of the other reviewers complained about Beyond TV not recording at the proper times - that is a problem , but that is not the fault of beyond TV . Snapstream does not write the TV schedules , that information is published by third parties so you can not fault them for that . I do believe the cable companies do this to try and discourage home-brew PVR usage.Beyond TV has some really cool features , such as : - Showsqueeze - automatically converts your recordings to divx -LRB- or wmv -RRB- format and allows you to save a tonne of hard drive space.-Smartskip - The system will automatically generate chapter information after it finishes a recording so it knows exactly when commercial blocks start and stop . Once a commercial comes , you press one button and instantly skip all the comercials . As far as I know no other product has this feature -LRB- they didnt when I used them but may have implemented since then -RRB- and this feature alone is worth its weight in gold . Smartskip works about 90 % of the time , but again , occassionally the networks try and trick commercial skipping software and trip it up . In that case , you hit `` skip '' and the show instantly jumps forward 30 seconds . Either way , you never watch another commercial.-Podcast support
 Sure , this is n't the Franklin paper planner or the stand-alone software , but that 's not the point . Probably like many who were behind its creation , I wanted something that would let me use the advantages of Franklin Covey without maintaining two seperate address books just for email . Takes a little time to get used to , but this system has worked great for me .
 We purchased Achieve Math and Science grades 1-3 for my two children , 5 and 6 years old . We purchased Reader Rabbit 1st grade at the same time . My children choose to use the Achieve software -- Reader Rabbit is almost untouched.The activities progress in difficulty for each user from level A to level Z. Each user moves through the levels automatically . Level A is very easy with things like counting and sorting by color , identifying shapes . These beginning level activities were suitable for my 5 year old , and might be suitable for a 4 year old , but they were too easy for my 6 year old . However , just change the level manually , and the activities are challenging -- my 6 year old started with the intermediate activities and finds the activities challenging . Neither child wants to stop playing.The activities are obviously educational . Fractions , sorting by multiple characteristics , adding , subtraction , etc. . There is very little downtime like with most other kids software . It is just one activity after another . Rewards are not long winded . There is some variety within each type of activity to make it interesting.So , I would disagree with many of the low reviews given by other reviewers . That said , I would not recommend this software if you 're child is already in grade 3 -- most of the activities would be too easy .
 We have been proud owners of this package for two years and have used it diligently to supplement skills and concepts introduced throughout the year for first and second grade . It has been a WONDERFUL supplemental resource . Unlike a lot other educational software packages that claim to cover a wide range of ages , this one means it when they say `` First through Third grade '' . It is simple to use
 I 've bought software all the time with expectations that it would do about half of what I need it to do . I never expect the product to live up to the hype that the box or the manufacturers fancy lists . This software was a huge surprise to me . With some minor shortcomings and maybe some learning on my part this application does it all . I was able to pretty much duplicate my home for the purpose of designing some room changes and such with little problem . My wife and I sit down and change the appearance of each room and have a great time seeing our house come to life on the screen . There seem to be some problems with different level rooms and how they affect exterior objects and the roof tool is pretty tough to master , but overall this is an excellent tool to remodel , decorate , and have a good time without spending a fortune .
 If you have ever thought about building a new house , remodeling your existing house , or even simply rearranging furniture , GET THIS SOFTWARE !!! I bought the version 2.0 years ago and have used it extensively . When I upgraded to Win 2000 I upgraded to the 4.0 . It 's a wonderful tool to use to see how furniture would fit in a room . You can resize the furniture in the existing furniture to match the size of your existing furniture exactly . Then it 's just a matter of rearranging it on your screen until it fits in the room the way you want . Now you only have to move the stuff once ! I also recently started building a new house and this program was invaluable for helping me to visualize everthing from rooms to rooflines with outstanding detail . I would literally design my house right along with our custom builder and we would compare floorplans and edit them after every meeting . Having a program like this really helped to keep me realistic about room sizes -LRB- man , the square footage jump up there fast if you do n't work at it ! -RRB- , see potential problems that range from poor traffic flow through the house to stupid mistakes like doors getting in the way of drawers , and to understand the appearance of the roof in relation to the floorplan -LRB- spent HOUR AND HOURS tweaking mine until I got it the way I wanted ! -RRB- . Our contractor really appreciated that we used the program because it reall kept him from having to explain reason why we should or dhould n't do something . The really cool thing was that the final plan for our house looked almost exactly like the one I created on 3D Home Architect . As a matter of fact , my parents contractor built their house using ONLY a plan my parents created on 3D H.A. ! Now - about the 4 stars . As much as I love the program , I have a few minor complaints
 After spending 8 hours with an older version of another home design software package , just to get my existing kitchen layed out , I ordered this software . Strengths
 Here are my thoughts : - I do n't intend to submit architect quality plans to my local office . I 'll get a professional for that . However , HAD 4.0 gives me an excellent perspective for what is and is n't possible . Moreover , with all the planning constraints imposed on the construction area , distance from boundary , etc I think HAD 4.0 is essential . - I 'm English and my architect is French . We need a common tongue . I have already sent him one set of `` plans '' and his attitude `` for once I know exactly what is required of me '' , I certainly have n't compromised his `` artistic integrity '' and I had the distinct impression he was interested in acquiring a copy of HAD 4.0 for himself . - For the most part I found HAD 4.0 to be a stable programme in both W2000 and WXP . There seems to be a glitch when `` File-Save '' is activated for the first time and the programme hangs . The best way to overcome this is to close down the File window and wait for the prompt for you to save the file . Incedentally , HAD 4.0 has an excellent autosave option perhaps anticipating this problem where all `` corrupted '' files are re-presented . What would I change . The price is excellent and I would certainly pay 2-3x the current price . The roofing option is limited but for 90 % of designs is not a deathknell . I did n't buy HAD 5.0 because of the negative reviews but HAD 4.0 covers all my needs .
 I would like to strongly recommend 3D Home Architect Deluxe 4.0 , particularly over the newer version 3D Home Architect Deluxe 5.0 -LRB- Professional Version -RRB- .4.0 was easy and friendly to learn . However , 5.0 , is n't going to be as easy for folks unfamiliar with CAD type programs.While 5.0 over 4.0 offers extensive advantages , the biggest failure is it 's inability to open previous work.Projects created with versions 4.0 can not be opened or retrieved into 5.0 . Meaning , all work will be lost.If you are looking to upgrade and work on your existing projects , stick with version 4.0 . If you are starting new projects , and are familiar with CAD or have the penchant for adapting to CAD type environments 5.0 is a great choice.For me , I very well may return the product in the next few days/week maximum.Add ' l objects and libraries will be available later per tech support -LRB- for a fee ? -LRB- $ -RRB- -RRB- . As such , going to Punch 's software where you can design your own objects may be a better choice .
 3D Home Archetect is a user friendly piece of software . However , the instructions become weak when a complex roof design is required . One must be carefull of changing colors of walls , annotation etc. because default colors may be obliterated and no longer visible . Example , making the walls darker obliterates the wall breaks , resulting in multiple breaks w/o being able to see where they are . Roof designs and gables where there no windows , doors or openings have not yet been found in the program . Also , do not say NO to save as it shuts the PROGRAM down in Win XP . Program needs help in the door opening area as it tends to call up Microsoft most times when you try to change the dirction of a door opening .
 It could have been a little more intuitive for those of us who do n't want to sit down and read the THICK 300 page manual.The interface is also filled with uncommon methods of navigation and graphic manipulation . Its not hard to figure out , but it would have been nice if they stuck with typical conventions .
 This is an old out of date program but it is the best for quick plans . Newer versions are not backward compatible are cumbersome to work with .
 As a designer and builder of children 's playhouses , I was looking for an easy-to-use CAD program to assist in the creation of these structures . I have found 3D Home Architect to be a fairly good program for a novice CAD user.As some of the reviews here have noted , the program is not as intuitive as it might otherwise have been ; the 3D rendering could be A LOT faster ; and I found the User Guide to have some errors -LRB- some of which were corrected on the website as technical notes . One of the corrections though -- for a gable roof over a dormer -- did not supply the correct answer either . Customer Support , however , did provide a quick and accurate response -RRB- . For the average homeowner , this program is excellent . It also serves my needs in designing custom playhouses . I would have liked to have seen some of the features offered in Chief Architect 7.0 -LSB- ... -RSB- but I have been pleased with my purchase and would recommend it.By the way , a free , functional demo version of CA 7.0 is available for download , but it is limited in that you can not save or print your plans , amongst some other limitations .
 I have used several design programs and Broderbunds 3D Home Architect Deluxe is the best . The price is right ! I give it 5 ***** !
 A friend and I find it very useful for our projects . It works great on windows XP . The only thing it needs is the amount of floors you want in your plan .
 WITH A DEGREE IN CIVIL ENGINEERING , AND BEING INTRODUSED TO ALL KINDS OF DESIGN SOFTWARE , THE 3D HOME DESIGN ARCHITECT IS THE BEST.I HAVE HAD THIS SOFTWARE FOR ONLY ONE WEEK AND I JUST LOVE IT.I LOVE THE DIFFERENT TYPES OF ROOF DESIGN . EVERY DESIGN PHASE OF THIS SOFTWARE IS VERY EASY AND INTERESTING . THE USER GUIDE IS VERY DETAILED AND SIMPLE . I WILL ADVISE PEOPLE TO CHOOSE THIS SOFTWARE OVER ALL OTHER SOPHISTICATED SOFTWARES OUT THERE AND I WILL LOVE TO BE A PART OF ASSISTING PEOPLE TO UNDERSTAND THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.MOST IMPORTANT HINT : ALL SOFTWARE PROGRAMS CRASHES WHEN YOU MAKE A TERRIBLE MISTAKE . EVEN THE $ 25,000 STRUCTURAL DESIGN SOFTWARE WILL CRASH IF YOU MAKE A TERRIBLE MISTAKE.TO ME THIS IS THE BEST SOFTWARE FOR IT 'S WORTH.PLEASE IF YOU LOVE TO DESIGN , BUY THIS SOFTWAREFEEL FREE TO CONTACT ME -LRB- DAKWAB@AOL.COM -RRB-
 I THINK THIS IS THE BEST PRODUCT FOR THE MONEY ANYWHERE , EASY TO USE .
 I am Architect working in KUWAIT it was the wonderfull the first time i learn about 3D Home Architect , I found it the easy and fast programm for designing a nice home . I love this programm too much because helping me also too much in my business.Thanks a lot to the all team and looking always for the newest and for the best of the best
 With the computer system
 This is the best . We tried other brands such as Punch Platinum Pro 4.5 and several operating systems - win2000 winXP . Broderbunds program performed the best and was by far the easiest to use . Be careful Punch struggles to access the file system on win2000 . And Sierra home design is a discontinued product with Sierra . So support is limited . Broderbund soared above the rest but its 3D rendering was much faster running on winXP than on win2000 . A definate recommendation .
 I just finished a $ 115,000 remodel to my home and I could never had the success I enjoyed without this product . This program is 100 % user freindly . Within an hour I had my floor plan scetched and was begining to brainstorm new configurations . This program allows the user to stand inside each room and look around . You can reconfigure any item -LRB- doors , windows , counters , appliances etc -RRB- from any perspective . A bid from a local architect was $ 1500 for 3 drawings ... heck I produced hundreds of drawings and was able to experiment with endless ideas . I literally spent hundreds of hours fine tuning every inch of my new floor plan and kitchen/bathroom configuration . By the time contractors were in construction I knew how every room would look before it was completed . The plan allowed me to produce diagrams sufficient for local permit issuance including exterior pictures to show the county how my new window/door and porch configuration would work . The clerk at the permit office actually stated , `` These drawings are great , thank God you did n't spend alot of money on an architect '' . In fact actual stuctural drawings were produced by an architect but as far as creative design ... this program was worth its weight in platinum !
 For the money this 3D Home Architect 4.0 ca n't be beat . You can easily build walls , install windows , cabinets , fixtures , doorways , etc. . The impressive thing is that if you want to resize something , like a wall , it displays in a revolving manner the actual wall dimension . The full camera enables you to click on a spot and get a full view of what your design looks like in its completion . The amount of detail , like being able to put paintings on the wall , or custom effect painting is not an option . As you go up the chain of Broderbund software you gain a lot more in the way of small details . That gives you a more finished look , rather than a comic book level of realization . If you are a design professional , and need to show customers a print out of what their new design for the kitchen will look like , this is great for that . Placing cabinets , refrigerator , windows and doors , tables and chairs , windows etc , are easy to place and move around . As far as minute accuracies of wall and cabinet sizes , you gain more precision as you move up the versions . In Better Homes and Gardens version , which is a spin off of the same people who give us Chief Architect , you get more specifics.Starting with Home Architect 4.0 , then up to Better Homes and Gardens Designer Suite 6 for twice the money , and Designer Pro 6 for ten times the money , and finally Chief Architect 9.5 for twenty times the money . -LRB- These prices can vary during the life of this review , so check the product pages for current prices -RRB- Each of these programs give you more and more details . They are all usable in the upgraded program . Since they are all made by the same people , you can open a cheaper versions creation and embellish it with the additional tools . Their is some confusion over 3D Home Architect 5.0 not being compatible with 4.0 even though it is a Broderbund Product and therefore uses different tools , and is not usable for existing works in the Broderbund family . If you go to the listing on Architect 5.0 you can read a review explaining that further.If you buy Chief Architect Deluxe 9.5 from Broderbund you get very exacting software . In Chief you can size a wall as specifically as you want , and do the same with cabinets windows etc. . By double clicking on a wall for example , up comes a window and you can type in a very specific dimension like 17 ' 83/16 '' , and it will automatically size the wall to that dimension . In 4.0 you can only resize the wall in 1 '' increments , and cabinets in 3 '' increments.These versions come with a library of different styles of furniture , windows etc. . The Chief Architect even carries specific models of some popular manufacturers with their specific dimensions . Jeld Wen windows are an example of that . -LRB- Andersen and Pella are not included ?? -RRB- In Chief you getter higher quality 3D models ... With Chief you get full CAD editing and too many features than would be advisable to list in a review of 4.0 . If you would like to try a free demo version of Chief Architect Deluxe 9.5 , you can do so by downloading it from the Chief Architect site . It is 17 megabytes so if you are using 56K it will take quite some time . The demo version is a full version with certain limitations , not the least of which is being able to save your work or print it . In addition the libraries are limited.Overall I like the program , the learning curve is enjoyable due to being able to just click on build , choose a wall , a cabinet , window etc , and lay it out on the screen.All in all I highly recommend the program . . For the money , 4.0 is unbeatable .
 This application is easy to use and you can make floor plans . However , since you are constrained to just a few , automatically generated roofs -LRB- based on your floor layout -RRB- it is not possible to design most real world houses -LRB- except the floor plans -RRB- . It has a full featured 3D generator so you can do walk throughs , render a 3-D picture of your design from any side -LRB- or the inside -RRB- , render elevations etc. . It looks really cool . But again - the roof constraints make this less than useful for most real world designs - especially additions where you are usually making some sort of roof transition from the existing to new that requires features this program lacks.This program is a subset of Chief Architect , -LRB- which costs close to -LSB- $ $ -RSB- at this writing -RRB- which is IMO the best full-featured architectural drawing package out there.I would give this a 5 if it allowed you to specify independent roof planes . But it does n't .
 I am using the yearly issued versions of AutoCAD for architectural drawings and architectural precast panel designs.As an experienced user of AutoCAD I 've started to design my own house.Being a perfectionist I wanted to see 3D illustrations almost at the start of my hundreds of own versions.My freehand illustrations helped a lot.Just for fun I 've bught this program.It was unbelivably easy to learn.The 3D views helped me to throw out my previous `` misdesigns `` Inspite the limits of working with roofs and decks -LRB- also stairs -RRB- , this program already changed my designig habits.I am not even sketching anymore.I start to work right at the beginning -LRB- when I have some new idea , and I have a lot -RRB- with this program.This is my point.With accurate 3D illustrations I can spend a few extra nights with girlfriend and friends.Not to mention my Grandson 's compliment
 We used 3D Home Architect to design our current house . During our meetings with the builder and architect , we would bring print outs we had made from the night before to better express our ideas . We quickly found we had a better imagination than our builder did.I do n't think you can really do the entire design yourself on this software ; it is not that exact or flexible . Cabinet work has severe limitations too.But you can export DXF files which be imported into higher-end CAD systems and it is REAL easy to use .
 Reading over the other reviews was surprising for me because there are so many bad ones . I 've installed the program on NT4 , Win2KPro , and Win98 . I 've probably spent at least 50 hours actively using it and it never once crashed in either Win2KPro or Win98 . The 3D engine crashes my NT4 box every time , but if you stay away from the 3D it works fine . It will depend upon your video driver more than anything else.The other problems people experienced seemed to have more to do with their expectations than the product itself . I sat down with a friend who has an architecture degree -LRB- but is n't yet a licensed architect -RRB- and lots of AutoCAD experience . We tried to develop a design in AutoCAD and , of course , made lots of progress , but I could n't have done it myself . Even with him at the helm , the going was very slow . I bought this product to try to speed the process up and put it in my own control and it performed admirably.I think it would be very hard to design a highly detailed home with it , and there 's no way it will replace an architect if you actually need the level of design an architect can provide . However , if you 're designing a relatively simple home and you mostly want to work on floorplans , windows , and furniture placement , it 's just the ticket . Very easy to use , maybe a little clunky here and there , but certainly functional . The 3D views are useful but nowhere near video game speed and quality.It 's not going to be very useful if you 're doing something more sophisticated . It 's not very useful for interior design in terms of colors and textures . The roof capabilities are very limited . But none of this was very important to me . It does the other things very well .
 I have been using 3D Home Architect since version 2 . I just recently decided that version 3 was just not cutting it anymore and started looking for another product . Luckily , I found that 4.0 was coming out so I bought it as soon as it was available . I love it!It has a great wizard for those people who want to be more creative with theri design but still has a huge number of plans that you can copy or modify . For really industrious people , you can do everything down to the wiring from the ground up . It is much easier to change materials and do interior decorating , although that can sometimes be confusing . This is probably because I tend to install and use immediately without reading directions - until I screw something up . I accidentally reset a bunch of colors and somehow all of my furniture defaults to being bright red :-RRB- That 's what I get for not reading the manual first.Also , the view is much better graphically . Instead of being blocky and primitive , you see everything in applied material view which in previous versions was slow and restrictive . Of course , you 'll need a serious machine or else this could be very slow . I have an Athalon 733 processer and 256MB of RAM . There are views that are faster but I like to see everything as close to the real thing as possible . The possibilities are endless with this new version . And considering the performance improvements and how much better everything looks , you wo n't be disappointed . ...
 I 've tried MANY of these home design programs , and I must say , this one has always been the best . Every product available for this has glitches and things they wo n't do . You CAN easily create split levels and half height walls with this product , though , if you define the area and then click on it and change the floor and ceiling heights . You then have to save and exit or it 'll show them all funky in 3D view half the time . The one glitch is that you can never get the correct roof , so , I just ignore the roof , which can be worked out percisely later on a higher end CAD program , which is no good to quickly design a house with , however.I was going to get 4.0 , instead of 3.0 which I currently have because 3.0 wo n't let you print the 3D views on some computers unless you alter your windows display settings , which is annoying . You can also export the views to a paint program and print them from there , but that is also slow and annoying.However , what makes me give this program five stars is the way you can easily move walls around , quickly pop in furniture and change windows , furniture and cabinets around while in 3D view -LRB- apparently lost in 4.0 , alas -RRB- , you can design a PROFESSIONAL house in MINUTES ! with this thing . The time saved results in enhanced designs , since you have more time to do design work . I pop in the furniture BEFORE I even design the room now . Other programs take HOURS . Those people who complain they can only get an ordinary house out of this thing , are limited by THEMSELVES , not this program.The slow 3D rendering many people are mentioning is sure to be caused by the enhanced views available in 4.0 . The best solution would be to offer BOTH enhanced -LRB- slow -RRB- and funky -LRB- fast -RRB- as some other programs do . Hopefully they 'll work it all out in 5.0 . In the meantime , I 'm sticking with 3.0 thanks to the other reviewers
 I wanted to use the product for two purposes
 I started using this product with v1 and quickly realized I wanted the full v3 which was also available . I then upgraded to v4 when it came out . I 'm not sure what systems people have that claim it 's full of bugs . I run a very old -LRB- win 95 -RRB- and slow -LRB- 150 MHz -RRB- system with only 48 MB of RAM . The only thing I find cumbersome is the 3D rendering , it 's slow but it 's never locked up . Since I find most of my planning involves the floorplan itself , this does n't bother me.The feature that really sets v4 apart from v3 for me is the ability to customize kitchen cabinets - they can be open , shelves , drawers , doors and any combination . They do n't really tell you how this feature works but I finally figured it out . Since I really focus on kitchen features , this ability to move beyond pre-fabs really impressed me.I also like the ability to design split stairs -LRB- stairs with 2 flights to the same landing and a third flight going on up to the next floor . Again , not well documented but you can do it . The only thing I dislike is the inability to totally control the shape of the landing - you really have to watch which flights you create first.Designing my dream home is a real hobby of mine . This program allows me to experiment with features I find in commercial plan books . I can put elements together like I want . It 's then possible to copy a plan and change a couple of elements to see the effect.I give it a four because of the stair landing shape limitations and I 've learned to add the basement after you 're sure the exteriour walls are fixed .
 This program is the best !! Do the tutorial in the beginning , which is fun and does n't take long at all , and you are ready to go !! I upgraded from 3.0 to 4.0 and have n't noticed a difference . I have read some reviews on here that say 4.0 is full of bugs and less options , I myself did n't notice it and I have been dealing w/3 .0 and 4.0 for two years now . Some of the things the people listed as ` missing ' in 4.0 version ... I have in mine !! I have seen alot of comments that state they are unable to do certain things on theirs also , this is not true , I was able to do all of their ` complaints ' in mine ... you have to know what your doing and you can always email the website for help at any time . If I could complain about anything , it 's the roof building part -LRB- can not do certain roof designs -RRB- , but you have to remember what you paid for this program too . Do n't get me wrong , liked 3.0 just as much , either one is a great purchase !! You get so much for your money , way more then I expected ... Have fun and good luck : -RRB-
 I 've never used version 4 but I bought version 3 at -LSB- local store -RSB- in the cheapy software dept -LRB- the software in the CD cases without the box -RRB- for $ 10 . Its a fantastic program for the money and I was able to get up and running in half an hour . The one thing that I was n't able to do was change the height of the walls.I 'm doing an attic space so the wall height does vary . Apart from that its a great program .
 I 've been waiting for a version of this program that runs on NT for a long time . This one does it . It has always been my favorite drawing program and the current versiocabin continues the excellent tools from the past.I have a bunch of minor squabbles ... I 'd love more control over furniture , and I 'd appreciate a more rational way of fixing the size of free space than building a dummy cabinet.Overall a really nice upgrade .
 I bought this program as a gift for someone and was shocked at how much the software could do . Some people complain about minute things missing from the software . But , if you 're looking for a program that can help you visualize a new home with quite a bit of detail , this is the perfect program . I was a bit wary about buying it after some of the reviews on Amazon , but I think it 's a great program !
 this product was awsome . It had every thing i needed to do renovations on my house . The really easy to use ptions made it quick andsimple to use . If yo made a mistake you couldvery easily correct it.I ca n't wait till the next home architect.Kyle
 A few years ago , I shopped for a product to help me design my house . I evaluated 3 products and found only this one is usable for my purpose -LRB- design a home of my own -RRB- . Yes , it does n't not have all the features I need , but for the price it is more than what I can expect . When I upgraded to 4.0 , I found it somewhat different than 3.0 , but once I get used to it , I found it very useful.The support is excellent and it is free via email . I have yet to find any company does as well . They response through email in a day or two . They have never failed me . Once I lost my CD during a move , I called and they replaced the CD for $ 10 -LRB- S&H ;-RRB- . Very professional . Good company , good service , good product.Of course , I want more features . This is the only reason I do n't give it a 5-start rating . Ca n't wait to see what 's in 5.0 in Sept , 2002 . If they offer a upgrade with reasonable cost , I definitely will do so .
 This is wonderful software ! Its really worth it ! My favorite part is that its SO easy to draw a floor plan . You can draw a model yourself , have the program make one for you , the way YOU like it , or choose an already existing floor model . There 1500 to choose from . The 3D imaging is really great ! And it isnt that slow !! It might be a little slower on the older computers , but it works great on mine ! I made a demo home in about 1 hour from getting it ! Furniture , landscape , everything ! I cant wait to wake up in the morning and start on my own house ! I have found NO bugs so far , and if there are ANY , its very minor ! Its really easy , fun , quick , AND proffesional to top it off ! If this is your first time buying a program like this ... BUY THIS ONE ! Trust me ! I am practically addicted ! Have fun !
 I love the 3D Home Architect 4.0 . I have purchased 2 Punch programs also , they are impossible to use . the 3D Home Architect 4.0 is simple and beautiful . the only problem I have run into is
 I found this software easy to load , understand and use . That is not to say that it does n't have a few frustrating quirks like all software but , in the main , I found it very useful in designing an addition to my home .
 I have used this extensively and find it intuitive with enough features to render your concept in `` rough '' . This is NOT for a finished architectural plan . But you can bring up enough to show the concept to a professional and talk through the rest.This is also a `` fun '' program to use , but it 's best to read the user guide which is short and gets you through things nicely.Don ' t expect the super artistic or serious CAD features of the expensive programs . Do expect this one to be easy to use . It is forgiving and lets you do quite a bit for the money.I read reviews of 5.0 , and understand it is not the same product , using a different engine . Too bad too as they say this one is discontinued . Because this is the best one it appears . Drats . I was hoping for an upgrade .
 First of all
 This camera will only work when connected to your computer . If you want to use it handheld , tough luck . It is a medioker quality camera -LRB- but what can you expect fron Barbie ? -RRB- The editing software is pretty good . But you are limited to only a few backround pictures . The camera does not have a screen to look through , it is just like an ordinary camera , which I found quite disapointing . Overall , this product is pretty good for Barbie items , but if you want a really good digital camera , get a Nikon or something better than Barbie .
 We bought the camera for my five year old daughter . She loves it . It is easy to use - easy to install . The picture quality is not great - but perfectly fine for a child . More educational than a regular camera !
 Every Christmas wish list my 4.5 yr/old daughter made included a Barbie Camera . Knowing she did n't have the patience for a film camera and an instant camera could be expensive , the Barbie Digital camera seemed the best choice . She loved it ! Thanks to the experience of other reviewers , I was able to load the software and hook up the camera without too much trouble . She runs around the house taking pictures of whatever she wants and gets the immediate feedback when we upload them . She does n't care about the low resolution and I do n't care how often she cuts my head off when taking my picture . A flash would have been nice as it limits indoor picture taking during the winter . The simplicity of this camera might make it unappealing to older children , but it 's great for younger ones .
 This is the best toy my 4 year old daughter received for Christmas . It is wonderful for her age . The software program lets her delete , edit and print the pictures she has taken . It is really a great value for the price . We were going to get her a little more expensive digital camera but she really wanted a Barbie one so this was perfect . The pictures are n't the clearest and do n't print out with the best quality but she loves it and I do n't have to pay a fortune for film and developing . She also gets instant gratification being able to see the pictures on the computer right away .
 this camera does a great job of teaching young and old how to operate a digital camera . Had fun playing with camera and cd and Barbie Digital Makeover cd ... with my 3 granddaughters . One is really interested in taking photos -LRB- she is l0 -RRB- and really enjoyed learning how to operate these things . Not a great quality photo , but for the price , is great fun and a great learning tool .
 In 1995 , I got Barbie Photo Designer Digital Camera and CD Rom.I had tons and tons of fun , and today I wanted to do that , but Icould n't because of my windows ! I have Mulenium Edition , andPLEASE let me expirience the fun again , PLEASE ? ...
 Best toy in the world !!
 Let 's face it
 Improves PivotTable and PivotChart support ; adds multilevel undo and redo in Data Access Page ; increases keyboard shortcuts ; provides better support for multilingual databases . In Access 2002 , Microsoft has updated the file format yet again , sure to causee graning among the Access 97 faithful . But Access 2002 can open and modify Access 2000 databases without applying the new file format , which is a small concession at best . Access 2002 interacts with the new SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine -LRB- formerly MSDE -RRB- for creating more scalable apllications and supports two-way XML support .
 This is an excellent entry level database for Windows platforms - very flexible and easy to learn . Also , this makes for one of the best front-end applications for Oracle , MySQL , SQL Server , etc. . Microsoft 's continued improvements in VBA in Access allow you to create very powerful data entry and data management solutions .
 Desktop database systems -LRB- as opposed to SQL systems -RRB- are pretty much old school . That does n't mean it is n't useful . If you remember the old dBase family , then this is pretty much the same type of software , only more powerful , as that . Access is an application that is often talked about in terms of front end and back end . The front end is the graphical development environment for forms , queries , reports , etc. . The back end is the actual database management system that is tied to the graphical front end . In Access , that back end database out of the box is called Jet.But that 's not where it ends . You are n't limited to to the Jet DB . In fact , depending on available drivers -LRB- often if not always freely available -RRB- you can use almost any database system , SQL systems included . When one says SQL systems , they are often speaking of client server type systems like proprietary Oracle , Microsoft SQL Server , and Sybase , to name a few , or the open source systems like MySQL and PostgreSQL , again , to name but two . These SQL systems are what one needs to build scalable applications that will host many users and hundreds of thousands or more table records . You can use Access to prototype the app , and then often use the Access development environment as the front end for building forms and reports for SQL data . Many using this type of system have great praise for Access.The other way to use Access is to use it as a complete solution . Here , you are limited , but serious Access pros will say many limitations can be handled with the right design and/or coding . That may be true , but if you are developing for many users and anticipate a large database , Access as a complete solution is probably a bit out of its league . On the other hand , Access is great for desktop database functions . If a small , or even mid-sized firm needs for example , a contact management system that no off the shelf software allows , Access would be a good idea . If you are currently using Microsoft Excel for a database system , Access would perform the tasks much better , and once you get familiar with database design and terminology , the learning curve for reports and queries over Excel is n't that great . Excel is great for calculations and spreadsheets , but comes up a bit short on being a database.Access was sort of a joked about product when it first came out . But that was when desktop systems designed in Clipper or FoxPro ruled . Once Access started to mature , its user base expanded as Windows apps took over . Now , with SQL databases being the trend , Access front ends are still put to use . Access is n't quite as good an app as Excel , which is in my mind the best application Microsoft has ever developed . However , with the serious bugs in Word , and the shortcomings of Outlook , Access is narrowing the gap with Excel as a really good application that a lot of people need that there are few competitors to .
 Have only used Microsoft Access 2000 Office version and would be interested in acquiring MS Access 97 or 2000 for home use .
 My background is in both arranging and composing and playing professionally here in the New Mexico area . Having used both of the top music software 's for the last few years I find that when I have to do a project for profit , I always use Sibelius.Both programs perform equally well , but Sibelius is by far the easiest and most logical to learn and use . The learning curve is very shallow . Everything is very intuitive and easy to find . The use of hot keys and simple , logical key presses and not the mouse make this program quick and through . You do not have to spend time going from menu to menu to find what you need . It can do everything I have ever needed in the way of arranging and composing . From Big Band Jazz to Orchestral works , it is all there . The finished printed work is beautiful to behold . I would highly recommend Sibelius to anyone who wants to get started producing work right away . The latest Sibelius V. 3.1 is probably the most advanced product I have found . I have recommended it highly to all my musicians friends , and I have made many converts to Sibelius .
 I 've used Cakewalk , Voyetra , Finale , and virtualy every other music publishing program and this is the first one that I can say is worth every penny . The functionality , convinience and versatility of this program goes unmatched and the look of your scores in the end is so good that people will swear you were published by Hal Lenard ! If you 're a student who hopes to make composition your future , invest in this program . If you 're an established composer who is using some other program , dump them and move to Sibelius . I 've only had my copy for two days and I 'm a devoted consumer .
 My musical world literally changed overnight when I purchased Sibelius version 2 . I no longer had to worry about how to work the ` tool ' , as it was not in the way of my creativity ! Everything was intuitive and user friendly . I soon composed many original tunes and received a nice publishing contract . I recently upgrade to 3.0 , and wow ! I love the Kontact player for realistic sounds , and I often use the score-to-audio wav file feature . I can compose and record to CD in minutes . Hard to believe they could improve this product any more . I highly recommend it to any musician or composer . By the way , the layout and user interface is very pleasing to the eye , and the program is just plain fun to use !
 Sibelius 3 is music notation software that not only grows on the musician , but with the musician . It has tremendous possibilities , very advanced features , a multitude of choices.It is essential to learn the shortcuts from the outset - mouse manipulation is irritating , as with other music software , but working with shortcuts produces miraculously quick results . This is a program for very serious musicians . The features are exactly right , stimulating creativity . I have used this program with children as well - it takes about an hour for the average child to acquire the skill to work meaningfully with Sibelius . In a word , terrific .
 Sibelius has done a first rate job with this most recent version of their flagship notation application , managing to keep the program extremely user friendly , while incorporating some powerful new features.The first thing you notice about this program is how * good * Sibelius looks on screen . Visually uncluttered and graphically smart , with a large , clean workspace . The New Score wizard has been completely overhauled , and the redesigned Instruments dialog allows one to re-sort staves , or add and delete instruments on the fly.The new Focus On Staves feature is also extremely powerful , allowing one to view a subset of staves for more detail.As to user friendliness , Sibelius 3 reminds me a lot of other well designed power applications which are very easy to do basic things with , and yet , provide a lot of depth and power under the hood when you are ready for it.If you are a professional engraver , there are some things you will probably still miss in Sibelius , for instance , you still ca n't create complex bar numbering schemes which include visible multimeasure rest ranges . Also , selection and manipulation of bar numbers on the page in general needs some improvement . -LRB- for instance , you ca n't select multiple bar numbers and move them as a group -RRB- . However , based on the quantum leap in features and quality between versions 1 , 2 , and 3 of Sibelius , it 's likely power users wo n't have long to wait for some of the more pro-specialized or esoteric features that are currently missing . For the majority of users , Sibelius is much easier to use right out of the box than its nearest competitor , Finale , offering excellent printed output and great playback with much less effort.Add the host of new features in version 3 to an already extremely user friendly notation package , and Sibelius adds up to an excellent software choice for anyone composing or arranging printed music .
 People shopping for notation software should be aware that Sibelius is now up to version 4 , which offers a massively cool feature not found anywhere else
 I upgraded from Sibelius 2 to version 3 , and I 'm SO thrilled with all of the new features !! No other notation software is taking the advancements in musical technology as seriously as Sibelius . My scores not only LOOK good , but they sound AMAZING . It 's just wonderful.All of the little fixes are great in this version , and I love some of the new plug-ins . It 's 100 % stable in both platforms , too ~ ! My co-workers and I completed two large shows using Sibelius 3 -LRB- on both platforms -RRB- during the first week of it 's release , and we had NO problems at all.I could go on and on about how wonderful this program is ... If you 're a first-time buyer , do n't hesitate . It 's one of those programs that does n't take much time to learn , and once you get the very basics , everything falls right into place . You can guess your way through it , pretty much . It 's really fun - you 're bound to have one of those `` wow '' moments when you ask the program to do something for the first time , and you just guess , and it does it.Perspective `` power users '' or professional users like myself
 I have an IBM thinkpad and Seagate 160GB USB external drive that I want to sell . Purchased Secure Erase but it did not work with my laptop . Decided to try Disk Purge which booted up and found both devices . Very easy product to use . Works great !
 I purchased this software to purge the hard drives of several laptops . They were older model laptops with widely varying configurations , so I ran into some problems . I sent an e-mail to the support e-mail address and received a response almost immediately . The technical support that I received was absolutely first rate and the issues that I ran into were resolved in very quick order . I am very pleased with my purchase of this product .
 I purchased a similar product first and when my queries to support went unaswered over the period of a week , I simply returned it.In a support world peopled by obtuse , arrogant , unresponsive , geeks , support at Disk Purge is a welcome change . Easy to reach , quick to respond and eager to go the extra mile , they bent over backwards to help me through an atypical issue.HIGLY RECOMMEDNDED !
 We recently got a new computer and sent our old one back to Dell for recycling . Before mailing it we wanted to get all sensitive material off the hard drive . The Tabernus Disk Purge seemed to do the job quite well . The only fault I can find with it is that you can not purge individual items on the drive and leave the rest for the next user .
 Wanted something to clean up our hard drive so we could pass on our computer to another family & feel safe that our info could not be found and used -- this wiped out everything -- did a very good job
 This program has nice transitions which you can access - and be able to use it - within those softwares : Adobe Premiere 6.0 ; 6.5 and ProUlead MediaStudio Pro 6.0 ; 6.5 and 7.0 Ulead VideoStudio 5.0 ; 6.0 and 7.0 Canopus Let 's Edit , Ezedit and Raptor Edit.Canopus VideoFX will expand your software 's transitions!Portuguese
 When I ordered my computer by phone , I specifically requested that it have Microsoft Word . It was included for the price of 24 bucks . It was not a bad investment . I use this program all of the time . I never use Microsoft Works -LRB- which was included for free -RRB- . I knew I had to have SOME version of Word on my computer , since so many documents online are in Word format.I managed to write a book using this thing . -LRB- Maybe one day I 'll get it published . -RRB- There were only a few problems I ran into while undertaking the project.Headers and footers - If you have specific things you want on specific headers and footers , your options are limited . I wanted a different header and footer for each page -LRB- even though that might sound stupid -RRB- and I was n't able to figure out how to get this idea to work . The best I could do was get a different header and footer for even and odd pages , and the first page of the document.Page numbers - This is kind of related to headers and footers . I was n't allowed to decide what I wanted page one to be and how many page one 's I wanted . I had to create new documents if I wanted multiple page numberings . I could n't even decide where I wanted the page numbering to stop.Word distribution - To make my literary submission look more professional , I tried the word distribution option to align the text on both ends . My gosh , did it look ugly . There was no way I could get it to work , so I just aligned it on the left end.Template changes - It seems like about 7 % of the time I close the program it asks me if I want to save the template change . I was n't aware I changed any template . I have to click the no option several times to make the program finally close.Despite these problems , there were some things I was rather pleased with.Picture insertion - This feature worked perfectly . I could insert pictures of any size and they would be automatically scaled to fit the page . If I did n't like the size and wanted to make it smaller , I could do that too without it distorting the picture in any way . I think the only way you could have a problem with this feature is if you 're trying to print a picture and make it big enough to cover several pages.Pasting text - I never had a problem pasting text from an internet source , and formatting it to match the rest of the page.Spellcheck - It makes life easy , especially the auto-correct feature . I do n't always agree with the grammar check 's suggestions though , even if I 'm in the wrong for it.Although I listed quite a few problems , I view these as minor . I do n't consider different headers and footers to be all that essential . This is a good and necessary program that fulfills its purpose , and I use it a lot . In addition to that , I must say that this program contains what seems to be hundreds of fonts that I 'll never use . I just wish that I could use the equation editor feature without paying extra .
 Microsoft Word 2002 is possibly one of the best and easiest to use word processors around . That being said , I do n't find it THAT much better than it 's previous incarnation Word 2000 and arguably even Word 97 ! I say that mainly because even though there are a few knick knacks that are kind of nice to have around , it does n't justify for me anyway the new product activation procedures . They are not that inconvenient and I understand that Microsoft has the right to take steps to prevent pirating , but I find it downright creepy . Yup , that 's right , you HAVE to contact Microsoft to activate this product ! What happens years from now when they no longer support this ? Who knows ? If I get a new computer years from now and want to install Word 2002 on it , will I still be able too ? Then again , I see no short term problems with activation-I just happen to think it 's a bit creepy . I think I 'll keep my Lotus WordPro Millenium edition -LRB- a perfectly capable Word Processor too-AND without product activation ! -RRB- around just in case my computer crashes years from now and Microsoft wo n't reactivate my legitimate copy of Word because `` THEY '' believe it `` MIGHT '' be pirated . It 's hard to like an otherwise outstanding Word Processor when the burden of proof is on YOU if you have a problem , thus the 4 stars .
 I ca n't believe it . The XP team has done it again . Not only does it uphold the good `` Word '' reputation , but that have added new , comprehensive features , and phased out the old and annoying ones.To elaborate , the old `` Word thinks it 's smarter than you '' complaint about the auto-formatting does n't cut it anymore . If Word utilizes it 's auto-formatting , it displays a button that you can click if you are unhappy with its vigilant decision . When you click the button , you are given several options
 This new version of Word , is really no different from Word 2000 , the major change is that the , hidden features are more pronounced in the interface , I like it a lot but I dont ' t really see the difference from 2000 . If you are a user of Word 97 , it would make a lot of sense to upgrade , now that user would see a whole lot differences when using Word . Certain features you might like such as speech recognition and send for review which I think wo n't be used . For users of Word 2000 I recommend you wait a year or two before you upgrade to this new version .
 I am taking a Microsoft Word 2000 class at my college where I live . I can not wait to order this and install it into my computer . I just am amazed at what all this program can do . The only thing holding me back ? The cost . Microsoft Word really is a great program . The one thing I dislike is Mr. Clippet . But you can hide him until you are finished with your item you are working on .
 I intend to rush right out to buy a copy of this product right away , simply because the techno-geeks forget that there are some of us out there who actually like the changes that are made between certain versions . One of you is a Linux-head , are n't you ! Anyway , with a few notable exceptions , MS Office products have served me well over the years , and I do n't have any intention of changing my mind about that now . Thanks for your input though , guys ! By the way - I 'll bet none of you were very cooperative at nap-time when you were kids , were you ! get a life .
 i have an older pc and i am used to the older ms word program . this is a sealed ms product with registration . i am extremely happy .
 I have been using Microsoft Word 2002 since it 's debut and I have not had any problems using the progam . A reviewer said they had about 200 + problems with the application but , I think that 's plain exageration and jealousy from probable WordPerfect user . The application is easy use , that 's why most businesses and schools everywhere use it including college students . With intuitive menus and a great help assistant `` not Clippy '' Word `` 2002 '' allows you to make professional looking documents and my brother is studying for his bachelors in education and he is not good at using computer programmes but he sure does use Microsoft Word 2002 like an expert . He also types 20 to 30 page thesis sometimes 60 and he does not have one bit of a problem . It 's very easy to insert headers and footers , you have quicker access to hidden menus with the task pane unlike previous versions of Word where you had to dig through menus to find that special feature . The grammar and spell checker are more powerful and easier to use e.g. if you set the grammar for U.K. English it stay 's U.K. English . For users who are new to WordProcessing Microsoft Word especially version 2002 is an excellent choice for all beginners to learn , it 's very easy to learn & use . You are able to create all types of content with Word from Newsletters to simple brochures . But most Microsoft Word 2002 is more reliable and I think it 's the most stable word processor out there , with the document recovery feature . My brother has had a lot of power cut 's in his time and trust me Word 2002 has been an ultimate saviour . You can even create a website with the darn program , now tell me if this is not a powerful program . If there is at least one application out of the Office XP suite it 's Word . That 's why I think word is the best Word Processor plus almost everybody is using it .
 I do n't know why I did n't wait until this version of PPT had arrived . The visual effects in this version is just amazing compared to PPT 2000 this version is the most fantastic when it comes to visual effects and animations . With a new sleek graphical user interface and new templates your audience is sure to say `` WOW '' . The templates are more effective when it comes to attracting attention , a more professional look and feel . So if you are one of those persons who like quality presentations with amazing effects turn to PPT 2002 . This version includes smart tags and other Office XP features are also included to save time and effort .
 Powerpoint 2002 really has a lot more and it is much more friendly than the earlier versions . Here 's a list of the new features-A task pane where everything is done instead of dialog boxes . The task pane is a sidebar-The task pane has - a clipboard with multiple objects possible - slide design and layout - clip art - help - templates - custom animation that allows entrance , emphasis , exit , and motion path effects that give you many more possible for animation
 I am an Advanced Placement Spanish Language teacher and I use Spanish at home with my daughters . I bought this program for my 6 year old daughter since she loves using the computer . In the other reviews , they mentioned that there is no English spoken . This is true and it is the best way to learn another language . I found the software to be intuitive as my 6 year old can navigate easily through the levels without any help from me . They use the correct textbook vocabulary with correct accent placement and the words are pronounced correctly . As a teacher , I would recommend this software highly to anyone learning Spanish . It may seem difficult at first , but believe in your children ! They are smarter than you think !
 This game is so cool ! I recieved it for christmas and I have barely ever stopped playing it . One of the funnest parts of the game is that you can design your own custom player and make up names for your own plays . The dances players do after scoring a touchdown are hilarious . This game passes standards that other children 's football games do not even try to achieve . If you are looking for a enjoyable , funny , and educational game for your child , this is the one .
 This was purchased as a gift for my son . He and his friends have spent many hours playing it . They enjoy being able to pick their own teams . The personal stories related by the football players are extremely funny and entertaining , especially Brett Favre 's . Having the football players as kids makes this game appropriate for kids of all ages .
 This interactive software is fantastic ! My two sons -LRB- ages 4 & 6 -RRB- are addicted to it - I might be too ! It 's great fun calling plays and learning the strategy of football . My sons did n't know anything about football before playing this game and now they 're playing like the pros . Ya got ta get it !
 According to my son -LRB- age 13 -RRB- ... I like Backyard Football because it 's an easy game to master . Yet , it is not so easy that it 's not any fun . Also , you are actually able to see the player 's strengths and weaknesses . Unfortunately , after less than 3 months , the game started to freeze .
 This game is magnificent , as is the entire backyard series . You can choose to be an NFL team name or a made-up one . You `` draft '' your players and can play singles games or entire seasons . The trick plays are great and add even more fun and excitement to the game .
 Backyard Football if virtually one of the best computer games I have ever played . I 'm a girl raised to like football and I even love it . At first I always lost the games I played but If you know the basic rules of football like a second nature and you have a little bit of practice with this game you 'll surelyn play it non-stop . Great game I highly recommend .
 The excitement of a touchdown , the accuracy of a throw , nothing but sweeeeeeeet !!! Do n't get me wrong , in this game there is great players , sweet plays , and stragaty that puts you on the edge of your seat . This is a 100 star game . And those who have this , I can give you a tip . Randell Cunningham is a great quarterback . BUY THIS THRILLER GAME NOOOOOOOWWWWWWWW !!!!!!
 This game is superb . The players , the plays , and the easy control is super . If you do n't like this game , you 're not real .
 I like it a lot . I really learned a lot about football.Belive me I 'm not the football expert !
 This is a very fun game ! you can make yourself , and play with great players ! but maybe they should of got different pro players . Buy this game , pretty cool
 there are 5 backyard games and this is the best of them . This game unlike thew other ones does n't wear thin after a while and takes longer to beat . There a bunch of NFL players you can put on your team and you create yourself and your on play . No real football knoledge is needed to play this game . This game is great even if your above the recomened age . My suggestion give it to a younger sibling you and them can enjoy it .
 backyard football is a good game . It has all the fun stuf kid love about it . like to do a move you anly have to cick one time , i think backyard football is really fun
 Even that my cousin has it , and I 've only played it once , its really good . The game has different plays that you , the coach , chooses from . There are plays they no human could do . Some of these plays include stunts like jumping over people or a player disappearring and reappearing in another place . You can have your own team and play in a season or just play one game to get used to it . Its great even if you do n't like football !
 Boys and girls -LRB- and their parents -- believe me ! -RRB- will love this fun , exciting football game from Humongous Entertainment . It features characters familiar from other `` Jr. . Sports League '' series
 This series rules ! I like this one the best 'cause it has the most features and I love football . Also , you can choose from pro players and even make your own custom player ! You can even change your playbook and create new plays ! The only problem is they only have these features in Backyard Football . This game should have 10 stars !
 This game is totally awsome . i have all three of the backyard sports games from humongous entertainment and i play them all ... . my uncle came to my house on Christmas he played 9 straiht games -LRB- hes not 5 hes 30 -RRB- . enjoy this game and know that humongous is comming out with backyard basketball if you like this game
 Backyard Football is a very cool game . You can play a real NFL team or a made-up team . You get to play with real NFL players and/or with made-up characters . You can design your own plays or play with the defaults . It is one of the best games I have ever played .
 This game rules . It 's just like real football!It has eight real NFL stars and thirty other kooky people that can make up your seven-man team . The game play is cool also . You can create your own plays , make a great play to get a special play , and then watch your characters do touchdown dances . Buy it !
 this is a great game . i spent the whole night playing playing it , but i did not beat it . so when i got up in the morning i played the game and beat it with my team , the `` silly rams '' . you can create your own team and make a draft.bottom line - great game , buy it
 I 've beaten all the games in the series . They are a whole lot of fun , and great for kids . I love them myself . The charachters are so funny . I especially like Pablo .
 My kids love this game . It is easy for them to use . Both my 5 yr old and 8 yr old play without any problem . The game is squeaky clean so there is no problem with questionable language , innuendo etc. like some other games . This game is absolutely worth the money ! Buy it .
 Backyard football , this one at least , is probably the best football game created for PC 's . In this game you can create your team as if it were a draft , and play thru a whole season . If you do good enough then you can proceed to the post season and attempt to win the Super Colossal Cereal Bowl.Of course this is what happens during the season play mode . Two other modes exist , one of these being an instant game where you can A -RRB- choose your team in a draft or B -RRB- let the computer choose for you . The second mode of gameplay exists , or existed . This was the online play that was known as the Humongous Sports Network . I do n't know if that is still an available feature though , considering there is no Humongous Entertainment company anymore.When you pick your team you can choose from eight NFL players and 30 other kids . You are limited to only 7 picks though , just like the real NFL Draft . The NFL players are Brett Favre , Dan Marino , John Elway , Randall Cunningham , Steve Young , Jerry Rice , Barry Sanders , and one other which I fail to remember . -LRB- I 'm doing this on memory -RRB- . I tended to choose Dan Marino as QB and put Jerry Rice at WR . Although Barry Sanders does make a good RB I would put him at Defensive Back and make my own RB if I were you.Difficulty in the game is wide spread . Easy , this coming from a Maddenite is too easy . However , coming from Madden , where you can change various levels of AI during a game and going to the medium and hard levels of BFL is quite a shock . It is nearly impossible to keep an opponents points off the board and you will lose a game eventually.Overall the playability of this game is one the highest that you will find and I would recommend it to anybody over the age of five .
 I own other backyard games like backyard basketball , backyard soccer , and backyard baseball but this one is the best!The cool things are you can make , and name your own plays , you can name , and make your own players also when the kids score a touchdown they do dances.Some of them are very funny!Another good thing is that the players have great skills , you can play with two people , and you can play with pro players.Bad things - no bad things!Anyone who likes baseball , basketball , soccer or any kind of sport would really , really , really , really like this game.Definitley a game I would recommend !
 Probably the nicest feature bundled into this upgrade is the speech recognition tool . Once `` trained '' , this tool allows fast and reasonably accurate document entry . Whether you need to collect tomes of information for research projects or just need a quick mechanism to collect your thoughts , Word 2002 handles the task and continues to be the most user-friendly wp product on the market .
 As an avid user of Microsoft Office programs , I was interested in the new version of Word , after the more than adequate changes made to Word 97 with Word 2000 . While Word 2002 does n't totally break the mold from pervious versions of Word , I 'm glad it did n't . Microsoft has already got a great product , with only a few egregious things that needed some fixing and altering . First off , the look of Word 2002 is more classic and softer to the eyes with soft hues of gray and white . Words in the menu bar are spaced out more , and highlighting is done in lavender as opposed to black . Language tools have also been improved . Basic -LRB- stress on basic -RRB- word translation , can be done within the program , from English to Spanish and French - a useful tool when composing documents in various languages and that translation dictionary is not as handy as it could be . Spell checking is more seamless , and some foreign languages can now be detected automatically . Word count has its own toolbar now , which is very convenient . With a click of a button -LRB- not a click of a toolbar , et cetera -RRB- , automatic features can be turned on and off . Task panes are n't as obtrusive as I thought they might be , and are actually useful once you get accustomed to them . The Clip Art gallery gets its own task pane , although I prefer clip gallery version 5 -LRB- with Office 2000 -RRB- to the new version packaged with Office XE . The obtrusive and marginally helpful office assistants -LRB- no new ones have been added to Office XE -RRB- have been exiled to the menu bar , but can reappear with a click of the mouse . Now , questions can be typed into an `` Ask a Question '' box in the menu bar . More intuitive , and streamlined , Word XE is a pleasant and effective update of an already fully functional program .
 The only reason I decided to dish out 70 bucks for this was the speech recognition . I originally had Word 2000 , there were n't very many advancements in this that I absolutely needed , except for the speech recognition . That is amazing , I would pay even more then 70 bucks for it . You can even extend it so that you can use it in nearly any Windows product . Great Idea !! Pretty much elimiinates the need for a keyboard . The training sessions for it are very simple and only take a few minutes . If you take all of the training sessions it will boost accuracy up to 95 % -LRB- so they say -RRB- a great buy for people who are writing long reports and need a lil help with it .
 I do n't write many reviews , but the misleading reviews below forced my hand . In one , Word 2002 is dinged because it does n't open quickly on that person 's outdated computer . In the other , it 's dismissed as being crash-prone . I have found neither to be true . Running Word 2002 on a desktop -LRB- 1.5 P4 , 52 MB RAM , Windows XP -RRB- , I find the program to be fast , stable , and able to help me in any document-related task I need to get done . I 'm not a fan of Microsoft , but I have to give them props for a terrific WP program and a great new OS to run it on .
 MS Word 's 2002 upgrade makes a great product even better . Smart tags , the ability to select multiple chunks of text so that cut/pasting is easier , document translation - and many more features make the upgrade a must-have for any faithful Word user.I 've used WordPerfect for necessary jobs , but would rather work solely with MS Word . This package is even worth having to register , the only real drawback , with Microsoft for continued use . If you work with Word , upgrade - you will be glad you did .
 I think this is the best spreadsheet programme out there on the market . It 's easy to use , it 's a life saver when it comes to mathematical problems , I solved percentage , multiplication , additions etc. . . in this programme in a breeze . Just remember when you are writing a formular in a cell remember use this : eg . = sum -LRB- b1 + a5 -RRB- it all works by entering the formula properly . There are no major changes in Excel 2002 , you can do most of the everyday task in Excel 97 and 2000 . But overall I think its a great application compared to Quattro Pro and Lotus 123 .
 This is a great product . The only problem is that I am getting addicted to it . I find myself spending a bit too much time not only writing macros but shading and coloring the borders , the background , the foreground , and the text . And you can use this tool in more than just accounting . My primary use , for example , constists in summarizing data on American politics and doing very basic analysis on it . You do not need a fancy social science software to do that . Also I use it for keeping track of my students ' scores and analyzing various neat grade distribution patterns . I did not own any previous versions of Excel , so I can not speak to how this version compares to its predecessors . But it runs without a glitch , and I enjoy working with it
 I found excel 2002 to have features that made it much easier than the earlier versions that we have at work . for a spread sheet i find it very versitile
 This program lets children create their own Putt-Putt stuff for any time . There 's a printer output limit , and the soft backround music includes new tunes to my knoledge . It 's really easy to use and fun .
 The hidden gem in Microsoft Access is the support for SQL -LRB- Structured Query Language -RRB- . With it you can query , update , and manage relational databases . SQL takes a few hours to learn but perhaps a lifetime to master all the potentials . Microsoft Access 2002 support the latest standard
 This game is more useful than it looks ! You can make growth charts , color books , stamp , party cards , invitations , envelopes , paper chains , mobiles , party hats , puppets , and much , much , much more . The music is borrowed from the first four games , but it 's still nice , and the Parent 's Printer Saver limit 's the output to make sure you do n't waste a fortune on ink and paper , though the game should come with a coupon . There are hundreds of stamps , plus , you can download and make some ! If you like Freddi and pals , you should buy this .
 My daughter loves doing the activities in this program . She can do things for hours .
 My daughter , age 8 , LOVES this program . She thinks of it as a game . The little animations interspersed throughout keep it engaging . I love that she 's learning correct pronunciation from native speakers . The audio is clear and high-quality . Even though this program does n't teach a lot of French in terms of quantity -LRB- a few hundred vocabulary words , letters , and numbers -RRB- she 's gaining valuable exposure to the sounds of French at the age when she 's able to absorb and reproduce them . That will be invaluable to her later study of the language . I also appreciate that there 's no English or translation involved in the interface unless you click on the `` help '' button -- the program provides a mini-immersion experience .
 For better or for worse . My kid can not stay away from the program which he think is just plain fun ! It may not make him a fluent French speaker , but sure get him started .
 I upgraded to Outlook 2002 from Outlook Express for my small homebased business . I currently use Office 97 -LRB- Professional -RRB- . What Microsoft did n't inform me until after the fact was that some of the features in Outlook 2002 will not fuction when running older versions of Word , -LRB- in my case Word 97 -RRB- . As a result I have had to purchased Word 2002 to be able to get the full use of the product .
 I have been using Microsoft Outlook for almost three years now , and to tell you the truth I like it a lot ! Recently , I upgraded to version 2002 and was impressed by the features in the application . The integration of Hotmail is not a new feature but an easier approach to setting-up accounts with the e-mail service . Other features such as organizing e-mail whether its junk or something important is also good , but I think users will find more features when it comes to integration with other Office applications such as Word . Say for example , your typing a letter and you insert a person 's name , through the use of Smart Tags Word will ask you if you would like to add it to your contacts or schedule a meeting in Outlook , a handy feature , but for me it 's not really necessary . This version , I think is worth the upgrade it 's much improved compared to Outlook 97 , 98 and `` 2000 '' in some ways , users will some how find other useful and interesting features in this application . Remember , Outlook 2000 was always known as a virus harbor , and it was always difficult to set-up accounts with hotmail , so if there is at least one program out of the core Office XP applications , I suggest Outlook 2002 . Like I said , there are some new cool features I have not yet discovered .
 After using many many different e-mail prgrams this one is probably the best that is only besause a bought the office suite , but do you really need it ? you might try downloading some free trials of other programs like , eudora before you buy outlook they are a lot cheaper.If you are a 2000 outlook user this version is NO DIFFERENTo yea the buttons look a little different thats about it !
 This software meets the needs for small and large operations of any office . It is especially effective for people who need to keep multiple others informed of their schedule , abreast of meetings , aware of trainings etc. . . It is also an excellent tickler system to keep one 's self on top of their schedule and responsibilties . It is an asset to employer , management and employees . All will make great use with minimal need for training . It is easy to learn and use .
 ... and what a fun show it is ! Humongous ' titles are all entertaining , but what distinguishes Spy Fox for me is that the humor works for adults and kids alike , and the characters are so vivid and lively . While the freshness of the concept probably puts `` Dry Cereal , '' the first in the series , ahead of this sequel , my kids and I enjoyed this one for quite a long time . Napoleon LaRoach , the evil villain bent on world domination in this episode , is an absolute scream -- picture Herbert Lom at his Pink Panther demented best -- and the plot and puzzles are great . Our kids were just within the target range -- 3-8 for most , 5-10 for Spy Fox -- when we bought our first Humongous title , and now they 're pushing the higher end of the range , and they still enjoy them . This release is an excellent example of why .
 Excellent game for the kids my 6 and 8 year old boys really loved it . The fun arcade game is 5 stars . Read the help file for the bonus tour .
 My 5 year old son loves this game . He finds it to be very much fun . He loves the Spy Fox game itself , but some of the other puzzles and games are great too .
 VEry entertaining , and challenging without being too difficult . Great for kids in about 4th grade . We love this game , and the kids play it often .
 We 've purchased all three of the Spy Fox CD-Rom Games , and we love them all . My 6 year-old son has a great time using the spy gadgets to assist Spy Fox on his mission . The problems Spy Fox encounters are just hard enough to make the game a challenge . When you 've finished the game , you really feel like you 've accomplished something worth while .
 Excel 2002 has several enhancements over version 2000 . The autosum feature now also allows you to auto average , minimum , and maximum functions.Another handy feature is you can now copy up to 24 different items to the clipboard . Unfortunatly Excel still does n't allow you to add or delete row , columns , and cells without loosing the items on your clipboard . It would be useful to add or delete to make space to adjust the your clipboard materials . Lotus 123 has had this feature for years.The smart tags are both a help and a pain . They are useful if you want to change your formatting . If you do n't need them , however , they are like an ugly blot on your worksheet -LRB- They do n't appear on the printed copy , only on your terminal -RRB- . The pivot table setup has a new and friendlier interface . The formula evaluation is tremendously improved . If you make an error in your formula , it is easier to trace it out.Overall I think 2002 has more improvements than 2000 had over 97 .
 Excel is certainly an excellent spreadsheet tool . However , it can also serve as an tool for text-only tasks . The ability to chart information , in text or numeric form , makes this a useful tool for presenting the written word as well . Although much of my work is in text , whever I need a table of pure text , I use Excel rather than a text-processing application . Excel-based spreadsheets , text tables , and charts can be used in presentations with impressive results . Excel is one reason why , in my opinion , Microsoft has no competition in this area .
 This program lets children create almost anything with Pajama Sam and friends on it ! There 's a printer output limit . You can make everything from groth charts to puppets to birthday invitations ! If you liked this , try the other One Stop Fun Shops .
 ... this is not for little kids . The challenge in this game is very great and it 's actually recommended for a more intermediate gamer.I was a fan of the TV show , so when I discovered that there was gon na be a game for all the next-gen consoles , I was excited and happy . I have the PC version as of right now . And it 's a very cool and very challenging game.The only reason why this did not earn 5 stars is because of the control . The game can tend to have some very weird gameplay , usually during scooter races and stuff where everything relies on a steady pace , but sharp turns and even walking is sometimes difficult . And there tends to be slow-down during some parts . I 'm not sure if the PS2 or GBA ones will be any different , since I have n't played them just yet as of now , but the PC suffers from thse setbacks.Other than that , do n't let this ruin a chance to play this great game . Whether a fan of the show or not , you 'll love it .
 First off , I must say that I have never seen the cartoon since I do not have the Cartoon Network on my cable , so this review is fully from a gamer 's point of view . I bought this game because it looked interesting and different . Thought the game is billed as a kid 's game , I found that the difficulty level gets quite challenging . This game is an intermediate level platformer . The city in this game is huge and you are free to roam around taking sidequest when ever you want . The main quest can be tackled at any time and often opens up new items that allow you to take on more side quests . A previous reviewer stated that they could not access the menu with a controller , but this is not true . You can fully customize the buttons using the controller setup on the launch screen . Just asign the start button to a free button on your controller . You really do need a controller to fully enjoy this game as it does not play well on a keyboard . A fully digital controller with an analogue stick and ten buttons is prefurable -LRB- I use an Gravis Xterminator with 13 buttons -RRB- . With the right hardware this is a very fun game and anyone who is sick of the unnecessary dark violence in most platformers coming out , would do well to check out it out .
 This game was released in Europe recently and had a rating per the standards listed on -LSB- ... -RSB- which is a respectible games rating firm that it is suitable for ages 3 and up . Well my son is 2 and often enjoys just making characters run around even if not to complete the missions.I found that there is no way that this game is suitable for children . The animations are entertaining , however this is a game , not a cartoon . I was terribly disappointed that while using a game pad -LRB- which was configured correctly -RRB- , it was impossible to use the inventory . In fact , I could n't even exit the application without using Alt-F4 . There was no method of getting to a menu.The keyboard controls are nearly impossible to steer with as well . I as a well-seasoned-gamer adult played this game and found the animation to cause brief periods of nausia as well . I gave up attempting to complete one of the missions since the time requirements were by far too short for anyone . It is disappointing to see that the levels in a young childrens game become so complex at such an early phase of the game.If you are a parent considering the purchase of this game for a child , I would not recommend it for any children under 7 years of age since it requires coordination and agility that maybe 1 % of 1 % of children younger may have.In fact , I am really sad now since I purchased this game as a birthday gift to my son from his baby sister , and it 's proven to be somewhat of a flop . Too bad it seems that I wo n't be able to return it .
 PC Study Bible produces a really good product that I have been using for some years . The latest version 5 has updated references and research information and searches have improved even more from PCB4 . Understandably , like most software , this does cost particularly if one is looking for complete reference works and different bible versions . This version of PCB 5 provides a nice mix of references and Bible versions though not all that may be on a wish list . I do take issue with not being able to mix and match what I really would like in the options . In some cases like this one , one option I really wanted was two tiers -LRB- libraries -RRB- up which meant spending more on stuff that I did not need to get what I wanted which can get get frustrating . It 's either all , the basic or the deficient compromise that I took which is the reason for 4 stars .
 With TaxCut Deluxe 2003 , you get a refund of your purchase price for this item . It installs SEAMLESSLY on top of the Federal software . You are able to input WITHOUT any update , but you should ALWAYS check for the latest update in early February , REGARDLESS of which tax software you buy , since neither H&R Block nor anyone else can be expected to publish what has not yet been issued by the taxing authorities ! You only input or import data once when completing the federal return , and everything is automatically transferred into the state software , which is just another tab in the whole program -LRB- once you install it -RRB- . It 's fast , painless , and in my opinion , the only way to go . You 'll save hours of manual input with this gem , and with the rebate , its FREE -LRB- ex sales tax -RRB- ! If you use tax software , TaxCut is the way to go ; - -RRB-
 Okay people , here is what you need to know and will calm all of the endless gripes out there about TaxCut State :1 -RRB- YES , the program says you have to wait until a certain date for updated forms because it depends on your STATE 'S form release date/update so blame your STATE - NOT the product . It is doing what it 's SUPPOSE to do .2 -RRB- It will input all of your applicable federal information into the program to fulfill your state return QUICK .3 -RRB- It allows you to efile for only 12 bucks . Fast refund , PERIOD .
 I have been a loyal Turbotax user for years and decided to tryout TaxCut this year . I was EXTREMELY unhappy after last year 's fiasco where Intuit installed Spyware without users knowledge in order to cutdown on copyright infringement of their product . Unfortunately , they ticked off the loyal users like myself . I believe they have lost/will lose more sales based on that fiasco than they could 've possibly saved by catching a few people trying to copyright infringe!Anyway , I was impressed with TaxCut especially for the price . I paid about 40 % less for TaxCut Deluxe & TaxCut State than I would have paid for Turbotax Deluxe & Turbotax State.For the most part , the programs are very similar . TaxCut does the usual interview process just like Turbotax and it makes it very easy to work with . Where TaxCut needs a bit more polish is in the fine details . Missing was the ability to save your tax returns into Adobe Acrobat format . I love that feature in Turbotax and really missed it.In addition , I had a little trouble with form 4767 because I claim deductions for a home office and sold my house/moved this year . It worked out after some reading of the help file and IRS.gov site , but it could 've been more intuitive.Other than those couple of items , I was very happy with the program -LRB- s -RRB- . I ran my return through Turbotax 's website -LRB- without purchasing or filing it -RRB- and the numbers came out the same so I am satisfied with the accuracy of the software as well . Overall I 'm glad I switched to TaxCut this year . I doubt I 'll look at Turbotax in the future .
 I 'm running system 9.2 and had no problems with download , installation or running TaxCut . This is the fourth year I 've used it with no problems , and that included the e-filing . Very user friendly .
 If you have stocks or use MS Money you definitely want this software . It works with HR Block 's Deduction Pro software as well . It takes you step-by-step through the process . Unlike a couple other reviewers we did not lose any data or suffer any other problems . It even allows you to download W-2 forms from some businesses if you are lucky enough to work for a company that has it available electronically . We used TurboTax last year and we found it confusing and expensive . We are much happier with TaxCut and we plan to use it again next year . The bottom line is you need to use whatever interfaces with the software you are managing your budget with during the year . We use MS Money , and TaxCut worked very well with it . We could n't pass up all the rebates , free software , and discounts . Be sure to realize all the negative votes to my review are tax accountants that hate losing the business to software . So taken in that respect look at them as positve votes . At those positive votes are people that know how well the software works . In other words no matter what votes I get it means I did a good review . ; -RRB-
 I switched from TurboTax last year . The main reason being the issues with spyware in the PC version of that program . I also did n't like all of the hoops they were trying to make their customers jump through . Or the fact that they charge a 25 % higher premium price for the Mac version of their software.Using TaxCut for the first time was a decent experience . The program itself is easy to use and negotiate . Jumping back and forth in the return was a fairly simple process . The downside , most of the FAQ pages seemed to go nowhere.I was able to quickly import my tax info from the previous year 's TurboTax files without any problem . The user interface is easily understandable . Overall , TaxCut seems to be a step or two behind TurboTax . But the end results are the same , a tax refund which more than pays for the program . And those steps behind are small steps .
 I used TurboTax since 1989 , but I switched to TaxCut last year after Intuit initiated their draconian license activation complete with spyware ! I will never use TurboTax again . TaxCut is easier to use than TurboTax .
 I 've used TurboTax -LRB- and before that , MacinTax -RRB- to do my taxes on my Mac since 1999 . There has always been some reason why I wanted to use TT instead of TaxCut -- a Quicken rebate , non-availability of the retail boxed TaxCut , fear of the unknown , whatever . Well , this year , I decided to save myself some money and try TaxCut , and I have no real complaints about it . In fact , I think it offers a much better value than TT . -LRB- I 'm running OS X 10.2 Jaguar . -RRB- As you probably already know , it imported my tax data from last year 's TT data file just fine . After that , everything went very smoothly . I have many Schedule A deductions , stock options and other Schedule D items , so although my return is not super-simple , it probably lands on the easy end of the spectrum.I 'm not real picky when it comes to the user interface -- I think TT and TC are probably on equal footing there . TC does make it a bit easier to switch back and forth between federal and state returns . I also prefer TC 's method of getting directly to the tax forms themselves , although a strange limitation in TC is that you can only have one form open on the screen at one time . An easy workaround for this is to print preview any forms that you want to see simultaneously.I could n't see how to download/import my W-2 info from within TaxCut . I did this last year with TT , and it worked great . The documentation gives vague instructions implying that you should be able to do this . Not really a big deal , I just entered the info manually.Another minor gripe is that the help documentation opens in IE instead of my preferred browser , Safari . I 'm not sure what happens if you do n't have IE installed on your system!TT 2002 had problems with printing and perpetually wanting to update itself , so neither program is perfect . But considering the price , I 'll definitely be using TC again next year!A few footnotes :1 -RRB- In case anyone is going to buy TT because they can get a Quicken rebate with it , I would try examining alternatives to Quicken . There are much better -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- programs out there . I have been using an app called Budget -LRB- from Snowmint Creative Solutions -RRB- for over a year , and it works * much * better for me than Quicken ever did . Gnucash is also supposed to be very good , and it 's free .2 -RRB- Ignore the review below titled `` Pretty much dummy proof . '' As evidenced by the references to MS Money etc. , he 's referring to the Windoze version of TC .3 -RRB- As others have noted , the spyware in TT 2002 never was part of the Mac program . Just wanted to state the facts correctly .
 This year I switched from the windoZe TurboTax . I thought I 'd try the Mac version , but did n't want to pay the Turbo - -LRB- Macintosh -RRB- `` tax '' -LRB- + $ 10 for Mac users -RRB- so am trying TaxCut . So far so good . TaxCut imported the -LRB- windoZe -RRB- TurboTax data fine and all the previous year 's data shows up nicely . It has a nice summary task/forms list that shows you which data/forms are -LRB- which are done , which are in progress etc -RRB- . I tend to use that rather than the interview process since I get various data/statements at different times and just jump around as I get to them rather than have all my statements ready for an `` interview '' . Unfortuately it does n't look like you can buy the State version from Amazon -LRB- or other store -RRB- , so I 'll probably have to buy/download it from the TaxCut website .
 I do n't find TurboTax -LRB- or anything from Intuit -RRB- to be particularly well-designed from an interface perspective , and TaxCut also has some flaws . But I 've been using it for the last two years and I have to say it 's the best tax filing software on the Mac that I 've used to date .
 I 've had two versions of this program and they 've both served me admirably . They are a bit quirky in that , occasionally , some steps are illogical and non-intuitive -LRB- like it was a bit sloppily designed -RRB- , but once you figure those out , it 's pretty smooth sailing.Timely invoicing is a crucial part of any business -LRB- it had better be , or you should n't BE in business -RRB- , and this program makes it a snap to crank one out . Very customizable , easy to use , and it generates a ton of aggregated reports with a few clicks so you always know where you stand on any number of key measures.I 'm not sure what one review was referring to when it said this was a dog -LRB- especially since the reviewer was completely non-specific in their critique -RRB- . Yes , it has its foibles , but for $ 40 , it 'll keep you organized AND make you look good for very little .
 This product is good for small business . It ' helps keep track of everything . . Also , easy to use and understand
 I was debating on purchasing this , as 2 people wrote the serial number did ' t work , but it was only 12.00 after the rebates and nero.com had it for 39.00 to download and another 12.00 for the disk . Took me 3 tries to get the serial number right what I thought was an I was actually a one and it worked fine . Glad I purchased this was a great price with the 2 refunds .
 I love this Nero product !! I have been able to create great presentations with my students for their Vocational Portfolios.Thank you for offering this product at an affordable price .
 I just bought Nero PhotoShow Elite and I think it 's an excellent program for editing and creating slideshows from my digital pictures .
 Software was ordered for my wife . She has not used it more than once but found it easy to use . I could say more but as yet total acceptance of the program has not been attained .
 This is one of the easiest softwares I 've ever used for my digital photos . It allows me to edit my photos , add clip art and captions , and make slideshows . The best thing is I can email my slideshows to my family living throughout the U.S. . So many features are available and anyone can use it , even my 7 year old daughter .
 The program is very easy to use and makes viewing your pictures a snap . The only draw back is that you cant print your own projects such as calenders . Sending them out to be printed is costly especially if you have a good photo printer .
 I went to their website and downloaded a trial and it really is very easy to use . The making of the slideshow with music is very cool because they have preset themes , which I have n't seen from anybody else . Very cool product !
 I have other Nero programs and love them . They seem simple to use and understand . I enjoy the Nero PhotoShow Elite because I am in the disaster zone in Texas . I have emailed photographs of Rita all over the world to our friends . We lived abroad and have had many phone calls as to how we are . I simply email them the PhotoShow Elite file I have on Rita , so they can see first hand . It is simple and easy .
 The coverage for Mexico City surprised me - it 's really complete , most methods of finding a place work great . Highways and major roads are well covered in Central Mexico , too . Not too useful for the road , though it provides just enough info to make it worth taking along -LRB- just do n't leave the map behind -RRB- .
 I had purchased CitySelect maps V2 MEXICO by 2007 , and by June 2008 I again purchased another one same label CitySelect maps V2 MEXICO , and the software was More complete , More streetsnames , more city adequations , more shortcuts . Better in many ways , But why is not advertised these changes in another vwersion ? I Think it is because they know everyone will look after the latest release and the older releases will not be sold , and will be returned to the factory . I guess.Well , I am happy with the latest release , and I am sorry becasue this maps are not pudated in any way once you purchase them , I mean , if you want an update of the map , you have to go purchase another one . A complete map kit .
 Its a very good product , lacks a little updating , but it has already helped me to get out from a traffic jam.Some street names are no longer the same , as a lot of new places are not there , but I must say its really worth to buy .
 I had purchased CitySelect maps V2 MEXICO by 2007 , and by June 2008 I again purchased another one same label CitySelect maps V2 MEXICO , and the software was More complete , More streetsnames , more city adequations , more shortcuts . Better in many ways , But why is not advertised these changes in another vwersion ? I Think it is because they know everyone will look after the latest release and the older releases will not be sold , and will be returned to the factory . I guess.Well , I am happy with the latest release , and I am sorry becasue this maps are not pudated in any way once you purchase them , I mean , if you want an update of the map , you have to go purchase another one . A complete map kit .
 This has everything ! even my small hometown of camargo , chihuahua , that barely has street lights and no movie theaters shows ... I highly recomend it to any mexican or anyone traveling to mexico .
 We recentely rented a car for our vacation in Cabo San Lucas and brought our Garmin GPS loaded with the Mexico Street Maps . I am so glad we had this as we most likely would have been constantly lost . The maps were very accurate with regards to the street navagation . The only downfall of the maps was that a signifigant amount of restaurants etc. were missing from the database but I was OK with working around that . The cities are full of narrow , crowded one way streets so just having a funtional GPS to guide us was well worh the cost of the maps . By renting a car we saved several hundred dollars in taxi fare . Round trip taxi fare from the airport to the hotel zone alone was around $ 150 so you can imagine the Mexico Street Maps more than paid for itsef after a week of driving .
 Much more accurate than I expected for Mexico . Has most all the roads except the very latest Toll roads . Used from Lukeville , AZ all the way to Puerto Vallarta with only one toll road not recognized .
 I aws able to install it and it worked well . However , I did not do a lot of traveling with it , so I ca n't tell how accurate it is .
 This is a good product , however when I installed I was a little disappointed since it does not detect all the streets and most popular places in Mexico , it is a good product though , I recommend it if you live in Mexico and need a GPS for your car
 Well I bought this map for my 60CSX and found out that it does have a lot of detail of very small cities such as Poza Rica , where I 'm actually located . It has not only the Poza Rica 's streets but as well as the cities that soround poza rica like Coatzintla , which happen to be very small towns.Includes Tampico very very well as well . I recommend this.I also own a TOMTOM ' and it doesnt cover 's poza rica , so I would recommend this one if you dont live in MEXICO City , Monterrey or Guadalajara .
 I used my Garmin in the Cancun area , and the maps were very accurate . However , there was n't much detail for the little towns along the coast on MX307 . But it had great detailed maps of Cancun , Playa del Carmen , and the larger towns . So if you 're traveling in the more populated areas , it 's great . But once you turn off 307 south of Playa , there 's not much detail . It also listed accurate information for finding gas stations , hotels , etc. I understand the former version of this map software was pretty useless , but the 2010 version proved to be useful . I 'd recommend it !
 I read the reports and saw that this product was both well received and , I do n't think this is too strong of a word , hated.Well , I downloded the FREE TRIAL and gave it a spin on my computer . I have a Dell Dimension 8300 . As a first time user and a newb to video editing everything worked fine once I figured out what I was doing . Most of the controls seemed intuitive but some were not.The video I shot on a Sony 8mm digital camera transfered to a DVD just fine but it did come out grainy . Certainly I need to learn more about different video and DVD formats as well as I need to understand differences in hardware , such as my DVD burner.But for all of you that had a nightmare of a time using this product , well , I 'm sorry . But I did not .
 I have used the Ulead VideoStudio since the first version they came out back to 3 or 4 -LRB- ? -RRB- years ago . Two years ago , I bought a Sony DCR-DVD201 DVD Handycam Camcorder , the Ulead version 6/7/8 did n't work well with the camcorder . It crashed a lot when I edited my video files . I also tried a few other products including PowerDirector5 that it came up to the top . It is so easy to install and use . I have used for about a year , it only crashed a couple times . Highly recommend .
 This program has many advantages and some disadvantages . Advantages includes easy to use and mix audio . You can add transitions to all your clips in one shot . Also there is a reasonable collection of Titles are available . Disadvantages are you can not create multi layer menu . Special effects and Menu layouts is less . You have to satisfy with those . Also there is chance of getting errors but not always . I can say a 10 % of probability is there . Overall this is a good software to create DVDs .
 Really good ! ... But then I did my research for clues my system might be compatible with it . You see , seldom or never will you hear of issues running software on a Mac . That 's because a Mac , is a Mac , and the machine is the same . A PC is a collection of IBM standards ; there is wide disparity between the different manufacturer 's products , and how closely they build to standard . Around 3 years ago when some fellow geek collegues were boasting about how their choice in speedy machines were blowing away the speeds turned in by the machine I was building , I kept my mouth shut . Now I 'm looking on as some are reporting compatibility issues with PD5 , running it on their `` speedy non-standard machines . '' Oh well , It 's not like me to gloat , but I was glad to drop into my machine a CPU that brought my 3 year old machine into the present . I can say PD5 works great as advertised , as it seems as claimed to be `` optimized for '' and `` works great '' on my machine ! :--RRB- I have customized included menu templates with my own graphics and improved the quality of old VHS tapes I 've converted to DVD , so they play back as crisp and clear as my other store-bough DVD movies . I love General Tso 's for lunch , and I love what Cyberlink has done to help me reclaim my old VHS collection!Chris - home video editor extraordinare !
 The Pover Director 5 is a really amazing software ! It would n't take too much time for anyone to master it ... Even without having a printed manual , anyone will enjoy it - right after the Software is installed . To get rid of most problems , just search topics in the software `` Help '' tab . After all , you 'll have a lot of fun working with the Pover Director ! This Software is truly everything you 'd need for all your digital movie editing/DVD writing needs . To me , it is . The only thing
 I 'm a Pinnacle Studio 8/9/10 refugee -LRB- avoid at all cost !! -RRB- , who tried PowerDirector 5 out of desperation . Thankfully , PowerDirector 5 software works quite well . The software is generally solid , has good performance , and you can really get work done . The functionality is quite good , though the user interface is a little quirky and takes a little while to get used to for a former Pinnacle user . The software is * quite * efficient at getting miniDV movies on the computer , it appears to be multi-threaded and can efficiently download data and recompress it into . mpg files simultaineously - even when running in non-real time mode . It is at least 3-4 times faster at this process than Pinnacle software -LRB- which completely copies the raw miniDV files onto your computer using multi-gigabytes of storage and then goes back and reprocesses the data into . mpg , which takes forever -RRB- . The capture clips are clean . I have n't yet tried many of the advanced editing features of the program , but I 'm really happy that the basic functionality of getting raw mini-DV footage into good quality . mpg files that are smartly divided up into seperate clips , can easily be edited , and rendered onto DVDs . In a couple of weeks of using this software , I 've managed to catch up to 3 years of miniDV tapes that had n't been processed because of the nightmare of using Pinnacle 8/9/10 / 10.1 . PowerDirector is not perfect , I have experienced a couple of crashes in 30 or so hours of processing -- I 've learned that after rewinding a miniDV tape to the start to let it play for a second or two before starting the capture process because the program will hang if you try to capture from the very start of a tape - not a big deal once I figured it out . Bottom line , I 've been able to get everything I set out to do done with a minimal amount of dupicate effort . My productivity at getting miniDV tapes processed with PowerDirector 5 is somewhere between 10 and 20 times better than it was with Pinnacle Studio -LRB- PStudio has very bad performance and severe stability problems -RRB- . Suggestion
 A couple of years ago I inheritied the task of producing video of public meetings for a local government . My normal way of learning something new is to gather all the available programs and tinker with each and decide which does the job for me.As a result I 've used high end products like Adobe Premier 2 , and Sony Vegas . I hae also used Pinnacle Studio 9 and 10 , as well as Cyberlink Power Director 4 and 5 . For almost all your home and small business editing needs Power Director gets the job done with , at least in my experience , the smallest learning curve.Here are some importants points . All of these products are memory and speed intense . You will be disappointed with the results if you have less than 1 gigabyte of memory and a video card with less than 128 and preferably 256 meg of memory.If you are capturing from multiple devices in addition to a digital video camera I got the best results from a Canopus ADVC-110 digital video converter box . This box connects to your computer via a Firewire/1394 connector . I used various Pinnacle devices all with no better than minimaly satisfactory results . In additon Pinnacle capture hardware often only works with Pinnacle software . The Canopus box gives me good quality conversion and few dropped frames.Power Director 's manual is bearly adequate and there is not much in the way of third party books or manuals . But , the program is relatively simple to use and quite powerful.The program enables you to import and edit video , add titles , transitions , voice-overs , and then generate output to either digital tape , dvd , or video cd disks . With the Canopus converter you can also take digital output and write it back to an analog VHS cassette tape . Version 5 includes some really neat sound and video enahncement tools that will help you clean up color that needs enhancement or sound that could use some cleaning up.Finaly one word of caution . If you have a computer with Windows XP and you are updating it by adding Service Pack 2 , be mindful of one potential glitch . I do n't know if Microsoft corrected this , but the installation upgrade to SP2 changed your Fireware 1395 port to it 's slowest possible speed which is too slow to capture video . As a result a machine that was capturing video without problems suddenly experienced dropped frames . When installing SP2 go to the Microsoft website for an update that corrects the problem.I like PowerDirector 4 and 5 better than Pinnacle Studio only because for me it was simpler to learn and get up and running . Studio is not a bad program , but in my experience slower -LRB- especially ver 10 -RRB- and a tad more complex.Good Luck !
 Out of all the top selling video editing software -LRB- Cyberlink , Pinnacle , Ulead ... -RRB- this is the easiest to use . Like all similar programs it can be computer entensive so do n't bother if you have an older machine.Ballet Boy is probably having problems because he bought a Dell . Though Dell 's are nice everyday computers they are not built to handle graphic entensive programs . That being said PowerDirector should still run OK on a Dell just slower than many people may like.I use this and Pinnacle Studio 10 . Pinnacle has more bells and whisltes but it is quite a bit slower . PowerDirector can do almost anything and is quite a bit faster . It is very easy to use . The layout is well organized and all tools and buttons are easy to find .
 I have read some really bad press about PowerDirector 5 , lockups etc. . I Tried several others , Ulead Video Studio 10 , ShowBiz 2.0 and Sony Vegas 6 . Each has its issues , strengths and weaknesses . I Finally Downloaded PowerDirector 5 Premium . . I got to say , that it works really well . I like it the best . A few items could be more intuitive , but all in all , Im impressed . Plus , the price is right at $ 79.00 . Plenty of control for me ! Exports to many common formats including Divx.UPDATE . . after using the product for a couple of days , Im less impressed . Its locked up a few times , and sometimes operates very slowly . Its kind of a pig . Nice features , but doesnt appear to be real stable . I think at this point Im voting for ` ShowBiz 2.0 ' as best product . Ive evaluated about 10 of them .
 This is a great system for anyone doing a lot of traveling or who is just curious about languages -LRB- like me -RRB- . Used with other systems , this is a great supplement .
 Software does exactly what is supposed to do and it is also very easy and flexible . The install and use is as simple , it also has a complex interface that allows for various options .
 very pleased with this product that is nearly new and was shipped promptly and was was well packed so thanks
 I highly suggest you buy this if you like to use samples and loops in your music . This software is good if you make industrial , techno , electronica , hip hop , and rap .
 Being somewhat skeptical after seeing the numerous mapping softwares on the market , I thought another gimmick . I was still intrigued so I downloaded a trial of MindManager and my first impression was `` that 's it '' ? I continued to play with it and was amazed at how it seamlessly reproduced my cognitive processes re ideas and organizing them . Its simplicity was tied to its seamless . I usually think best with a pen in hand , writing or drawing sketches of what I 'm thinking in order to make it clearer or to concetrate myself . Sometimes just scribbling on a pad while thinking ... This product is amazing to the kinesthetic and/or visual , global thinker vs. the discret , linear , ABC info prccessing type . I am so enthused about this product ... Really ... Its worth the money , most especially for students and project managers of any type . I wish I had this when I was organizing my thesis and dissertation , as well as developing a prevention program funded by separate contracts . Also for novelists - writers of any kind . There are so few who ca n't benefit from it . Oh - and the other 2 competing softwares also have trial offers on their websites . You can check which fits your style best . I found this one to be the most organic and clutter free . The others were just too busy . Esp - SmartDraw I found was more complicated - instead of helping me flexibly use the program , they had templates for every possible conceivable thing . I guess if you just want a form ... but I prefer a program that I can adapt to my needs each time I want it . To me , this one is the most userfriendly and versatile , a natural extension of my my mental processes ... actually that 's exactly it . Its like an extra limb - no thinking about thinking required .
 I have been using MindManager 6 for more than 1 year and I am still finding new things and new ways to use the software.I initially started using it for traditional mind mapping -LRB- brainstorming -RRB- session . I then started to work through the webinar 's available from Mindjet 's website and have now found many more uses for this great product , dashboards , planners , minutes of meetings and the list goes on.Well worth the money
 I have purchased SmartDraw a couple of years ago and while it can do nice things , MindManager is infinitely easier to use and it takes much less time to create charts or to rearrange the elements of the charts . SmartDraw may be good to create different kinds of flow charts for presentation , but i much prefer MindManager for brainstorming ideas and it 's actually the program I 've been using -LRB- my SmartDraw is just collecting dust -RRB- .
 Excellent mind mapping product . Really helps put thought to `` paper '' . I 'm putting small business plans toghether much more quickly than beofre , and it 's now easy to flesh out quick ideas . Direct links to Excel , MS Project , and Viso . Hyperlinks to other document types and web pages . An absolutely well-rounded , great product for folks that plan alot . You 'll be surpirsed at how effectively mind mapping lets you orgranize your thoughts .
 If you do mind mapping then you will love Mind Manager . I had their earlier version and it was good , but the new version is great .
 This is a great CD , full of awesome mountainous pictures . I really enjoy them , its fun to see the different ways mtns . are formed around the world !
 This screen saver is beautiful . I have several others by Second Nature , but this one is the most beautiful .
 Owning all the Nancy Drew games , I feel pretty comfortable sayingLast Train to Blue Moon Canyon , is one of my favorites.The storyline is so rich in detail , with so many interesting puzzles to solve , and great characters . If you are a person , on the look for an excellent adventure game , hop aboard this train !
 any one who luvs mystery games these nancy drew games are awesome
 I HAVE ALL THE NANCY DREW GAMES AND THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE .
 I totally disagree with you it would be no use without the arrows because you might end up in an area that they have n't designed , one room only had coffe tables because it was just there for effect , to look nice . And about opening boxes IT IS FUN TO SOLVE IT THIS IS A MYSTERY GAME FOR CRYING OUT LOUD ! DO YOU EXPECT FOR IT TO NOT HAVE A FEW PUZZLES HERE AND THERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
 I have played 11 out of the 13 Nancy Drew games and I believe this one is the best . Great storyline , amazing graphics , good characters -LRB- I loved it when Joe imitated Tino ! -RRB- and great ending , even if it was a bit easy to figure out . Overall , a great game . If you are trying to decide whether or not to buy it , trust me , you wo n't be disappointed . I would pay $ 35 for this gem !
 Nancy Drew
 Nancy Drew
 THIS NANCY DREW WAS COOL , EXCITING , AND ADVENTUROUS . IN SOME PARTS OF THIS MYSTERY , IT WAS HARDER THAN I THOUGHT , AND IT TOOK A LITTLE MORE TIME TO FIGURE OUT.I THINK THE BEST PART OF THIS MYSTERY WAS WHEN I FIGURED OUT HOW TO WORK THE GENERATOR IN THE TRAIN AND THE ROOM WAS LIT UP WITH ALL DIFFERENT COLORS LIKE GREEN , BLUE , AND PURPLE ALL FROM THE BEAUTIFUL GEMS.THE PART THAT I DID NOT REALLY LIKE WAS WHEN MY SISTER AND I WHERE STUCK ON THE MEASURING SCALE AND HAD TO USE THE SLUGS TO GET THE LAST OF THE PIPES CONECTED . BUT THAT PART WAS NOT SO BAD . IN ALL , I REALY LIKED THIS NANCY DREW .
 Great game with lots of puzzles to figure out and lots of clues to keep you going . A very satisfying challenge to say the least . I just ordered my next Nancy Drew Mystery and am very much looking forward to getting it .
 I loved this game very much and its one of the best Nancy Drew games because of it creavity . The only problem was it was too short and the puzzels were n't hard enough .
 I was skeptical about buying this game.I have been let down by the last couple of releases.I was very suprised how good the storyline was.Addition of the Hardy Boys was a good idea.I hope they include a ND HB release every year.I felt the game length was just right.The Last game was to short and easy.The puzzles are not as hard as Scarlet Hand , and not easy like The last few games.Its about time Herinteractive started listening to their costumers . . Great voice acting , and graphics as well . .
 You , as Nancy Drew , embark on a journey to discover where Jake Hurley 's lost mine is . On the train , who Lori Girard 's -LRB- a very rich and , uh , does n't have a lot upstairs girl -RRB- father owns , you are accompanied with John Grey , an actor on the TV show , Ghost Hunters ; Tino Balducci , a '' # 1 '' cop who just happened to be in the right place at the right time when he nabbed those criminals ; Charleena Purcell , who writes romance novels ; and the legendary HARDY BOYS !! Throughout the course of the mystery , you solve many puzzles . Most are easy . Then , you wait until you get to your destination
 My favourite Nancy Drew game so far . Maybe because it was set on a train , the Hardy Boys were there , the puzzles were fun ... basically all the elements of a good ND game . The atmosphere is exciting and I really liked the story too .
 This game was such fun . It had a great variety of games and brain teasers . Plus you learn a few things about Samplers and Precious Stones . I recommend this one !!
 This is the first game in the series where not only Nancy Drew is in the game but so are the Hardy Boys . Actually in one little part of the game you get to play as Frank Hardy . You can see the brothers in the game , but you should n't even put them on the possible suspects , because they are your allies . After all , they are the ones who invited you onto the train to help with the mystery.Story-Lori Girard -LRB- think Paris Hilton -RRB- has invited several people on a train ride to help her find out what happened to the man who originally owned the train . One day , he suddenly disappeared and his engineer was found on the deserted train , dead . Suddenly , after Lori explains this and more to you and the other people , the lights go out , and Lori disappears ! Looks like finding what happened to the original owner of the train is on hold . Now you need to find out what happened to Lori!Graphics - They are better , but just by a little , like usual . The characters are a little better . The train cars are really drawn in detail , though.Sound-Not that great music , but it 's not THAT bad . It 's just not memorable . The voice acting is pretty good , the actors/actresses actually sound like they are trying to sound like the characters they are portraying.Gameplay-Everything is exactly the same except your cell phone has a camera feature to let you take pictures . I thought that was a fun addition.Fun-Everything is much more fun that the last game . This game is n't as fun as some of the other games in the series , but it is definitely a big step in the right direction!Length - The first time I played this game , I used a walkthrough -LRB- which I DO NOT usually do -RRB- and it took me 13 hours to complete . Now , replaying it takes me about 9-10 hours.Overall , this is a great game not only for Nancy fans , but for Frank and Joe fans , too .
 This is my favorite Nancy Drew game of all ! It 's long but not to long , with the right amount of action and puzzles to never make you want to git off . there are patches & tricks to make it work on XP . I would suggest this game in a heartbeat .
 This game was very fun and mysterious . I enjoyed it better than Danger on Deception Island . Had a lot of games and puzzles .
 I liked this game . This was different than the other Nancy Drew games . I think it 's worth playing .
 I have played several Nancy Drew games and this is by far the best one . I recommend this game to anyone .
 `` The Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon '' and every Nancy Drew game in this series -LRB- aside from the very first one -RRB- ... has been so enjoyable for my daughter and me ! I grew up a Nancy Drew book fan , and my daughter has read all the books . Now , we are fans of the computer games . We have not only had fun playing these games , but we have also learned alot in a variety of subject areas ; from historical Mayan facts to logic puzzles . It 's been so much fun ! We collect the Nancy Drew games and we ca n't wait for the next one -LRB- Danger By Design -RRB- to come out ! Thanks for the fun ride , Her Interactive ! .
 I love Nancy Drew games ! They will keep you at the edge of your seat and I recomend them to anyone 10 + .
 This game `` Last Train To BLue Moon Canyon '' was awesome . I was kinda disspointed in the fact that it was easier than the others . My friend and I finished it in a day and a half ... taking breaks the whole time . Besides that , it had a good storyline , and great characters . I liked the fact that we finally got to meet the Hardy Boys . That part is really cool . I also liked that the game started out with a mystery ... it was a really clever plot . I reccomend buying this !
 I just finished playing `` Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon '' , and I was literally blown away by the amazing graphics - what an improvement over previous games ! These graphics are definitely on par with the likes of `` Myst '' , and other adventure games - although you do have to play for a little while before you get to enjoy them ... This Nancy Drew game is about a young rich girl who had her father restore an old train back to working condition . There are many rumors surrounding this train - especially since the original owner wound up missing in the mid 1800 's , and his engineer was found still in the train , in the middle of the desert , dead ... On top of this , the owners wife had died on the train at an earlier date , so many people thought it was haunted.The reason the young girl had wanted the train restored was because story had it that Jack Hurley -LRB- the original owner -RRB- , had found gold in a mine - and that the directions to find this mine were all hidden inside the train . She wanted this treasure , and invited several people -LRB- including Nancy and the Hardy boys -RRB- to help solve the mysteries , and find the mine.This is one of those games that ropes you in . In fact , I could n't stop playing it !!! I think it 's important for you to know that I am 36 years old - a testament to the fact that these games are great for teens and adults alike !!! Overall , I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed -LRB- or is enjoying -RRB- the Nancy Drew Mystery series . So far , this is hands down the best ND game I 've played to date ! Just a note of caution though - I 'd suggest you choose the `` junior detective '' regardless of your age , as there are several areas where it 's too easy to become stuck , and if you choose this level , you have the benefit of a few more hints and the task journal - both big helps when you find yourself unable to move on ...
 I 'm writing this review to help others . I purchased a Nancy Drew game , mistakenly assuming Windows Vista would be able to play XP compatible games . After some research I found there are 13 Nancy Drew games that are considered incompatible with Vista . The manufacturer suggested a `` work around '' , which fortunately worked on my particular game , Danger on Deception Island but it may not work for other games . It 's definitely worth a try.This is a statement on HER 's website -LRB- http://www.herinteractive.com/prod/FAQ/faq.php?sid=1592316&lang;=en&action;=artikel&cat;=5&id;=8&artlang;=en -RRB- regarding Windows Vista : `` Unfortunately our first 13 games are not Vista Compatible , we are planning on re-releasing some of the more popular games with Vista compatibility but we do n't have any set release dates as of yet . Starting with # 14 - Danger By Design , all titles moving forward will be Vista compatible.There is an unsupported work around that may work , if during installation you set the default path as `` My Documents '' then the game could possibly run under Vista . Unfortunately , we ca n't give any more support or help on older games running under the Vista Operating system . `` The games that are NOT compatible with VISTA are : Games Danger By DesignGames Last Train to Blue Moon CanyonGames Secret of the Old ClockGames Curse of Blackmoor ManorGames The Secret of Shadow RanchGames Danger on Deception IslandGames The Haunted CarouselGames Ghost Dogs of Moon LakeGames Secret of the Scarlet HandGames The Final SceneGames Treasure in the Royal TowerGames Message in a Haunted MansionGames Stay Tuned for DangerGames Secrets Can Kill
 Although the Hardy Boys really did n't do much in this game , it was fun to have them in it . The game had lots of pipe puzzles , some slider puzzles -LRB- which I love -RRB- and lots more interesting games of chance and puzzles . It was fun to go all over the train and look for pieces to some of the puzzles . I have played all of the Nancy Drew PC games and really love them . I am in the over 65 age group and these never grow old . I am now looking forward to the next one .
 I just finished solving this game , and it 's definitely worth your time and money . It 's longer than Secret of the Old Clock , though not as long as Curse of Blackmoor Manor . Similar to Secret of Shadow Ranch , I 'd say . -LRB- These are some other Nancy Drew computer games , for those who may be unfamiliar with the titles . -RRB- There are lots of puzzles , but they 're not too difficult . The graphics are good , as is the ending sequence . I ca n't really think of a complaint , except that perhaps it could have been scarier . Looking forward to the next one !
 This game was definitely not what I thought it would be . I was expecting a really easy game , mostly geared toward young kids and something I may be bored with . Not the case ... THE GOOD STUFF1 . The characters - the mannerisms and the personalities of the characters were great . I loved the phone chat with George & Bess .2 . The puzzles - they had just enough challenge to keep you on your toes . It stumped me at one point which actually made me happy . They had just the right amount of serious puzzles and fun ones so you could n't get completely frustrated .3 . The graphics - A + ! I was afraid they would n't be as good of quality but I was wrong . The detail was pretty darn good for a game geared towards young kids . The mine ride was the most realistic I have ever seen in a computer game.THE NOT SO GOOD STUFF1 . The length of the game . I 'm sure they know what they are doing when it comes to timing the game to keep kids attention but I thought the plot could have gone on a little more .2 . The HARDYS . Ok , they 're cute and all but seriously I got a little miffed that they got to sit around while I -LRB- as Nancy -RRB- did all the work .3 . Locations . I thought that they could have expanded on the areas a little more . I would have liked to travel to a few more places before ending the game . Also I think the train should have had more rooms to explore . A lot of time was wasted trying to see if the doors in the sleeper car opened.This was the first Nancy Drew game I have ever played and after this , it 's definitely NOT the last .
 I have played almost all of the nancy drew games and in my opinion this is one of the best additions to the series . The addition of the Hardy Boys added a lot to the game and I have to admit that as the game kept going I had a bit of a crush on them ... to bad they are fictional characters . The puzzles were not as hard as I would have liked them to be , but they still provided a hint of a challenge . And there were a few classic puzzles in there like the one on the box with the duck tape -LRB- the farmer , duck , dog , and boat -RRB- . I found that intriguing . The music was fantastic and the lines were wittier and funnier which added humor to the game that a bunch of the other games are missing . Over all I had a bunch of fun with this game and was greatly surprised at the end . It had one of the best endings since Final Scene . The only thing I would say they could fix is that it could have been much longer . But otherwise I have no complaints !
 Your children are going to end up being very upset ... when you take over the computer and wo n't let them have their game back LOL ! This game was totally addicting -LRB- and I 'm 36 -RRB- . I could n't go to bed last night until I had finished it . So , ummmm , I 'm operating on about 31/2 hours sleep today . : - DMy daughter got this for her birthday on Saturday . It 's the first Nancy Drew game we own . My daughter just turned 9 . I think this game is going to end up being a little too hard for her to do by herself , but now that I 've played it , I 'll be able to give her a few extra hints that you do n't get even as a `` Junior Detective . '' And there 's a couple of things I 'm going to have to outright guide her through , because even I had to take some serious notes beyond what 's recorded in Nancy 's notebook to solve a couple of the puzzles.I 'm looking forward to picking up a few more Nancy Drew games for Christmas -- for my daughter , uh , yeah , for my daughter < huge grin > . If you enjoy adventure games that make you think , this one is great for ANY age .
 This game begins with you , as Nancy Drew , invited by the Hardy Boys to solve a strange 100 year old mystery
 Nancy sets off from the station to solve a new and original mystery , what really happened to the owner of the train a hundred years ago when he allegedly vanished soon after the death of his wife aboard his train . What she will discover is beyond her imagination . On the train are famous people who could help in some crucial way to the solving of the mystery . There 's Nancy , of course . Then there are the Hardy Boys , Frank and Joe , who Nancy can trust . There are more characters with eccentric personalities ; one character we 've met before on a previus mystery of Nancy 's ! The puzzles are puzzling . I got stumped many times . Easy ones tied in though . The whole plot was really involved , probably one of the best I 've seen so far . During the game there are thinking parts , logic parts , clue detecting parts , and exciting parts . My personal favorite was the mine ride ... I wont say more ... My sibilings -LRB- 13 , 11 , 9 , and 7 -RRB- and all of their friends always beg me to play Nancy Drew games for them , and they very much enjoyed this game . Some even had to run away from the room for some scenes ... be warned . I jumped a few times ... Overall I enjoyed this game so much and could play it again . The ending is a suprise and has a twist but I have to say ends pretty abruptly . Maybe they were trying to meet a deadline ? The mine ride makes up for that though and also the suprising twist that the story recieves . Nancy has some new gadgets too ... including a CAMERA phone ! Good luck and have fun !
 I enjoyed this game a lot , especially since I do n't enjoy the usual egoshooter fare . This one is fun to play with clues to find , puzzles to solve and interesting interactions and locations . I played it in about 3 evenings , so it 's quite short , but excellent value for money.My only complaint is that it did n't run in Windows 7 64-bit . Here is the manufacturer 's support site
 i am soooooooooooooooo excited for this game ! it is going to be great . Cool a camera phonesee everyone on the boardLesMiserable514
 I love nancy drew cause i love to figure out things and i love mysteries and i have collected every nancy drew game that there is ! If you like to do what i like to do then you will love it !
 I cant wait for this game to come out . I already preordered it from amazon . This will be the best one yet !
 This was the second Nancy Drew game I 've ever played -LRB- first was Secret of the Old Clock -RRB- and this one still remains my favorite ! Definitely worth $ 20 . I 'm going to split my review up into different sections so I can give the game a more accurate rating.PLOT - 5/5
 Normally , when I write reviews for Nancy Drew games , I start out by listing the cons , and then the pros . However , for this game , that system is a little corrupt ... I ca n't find any cons ! Honestly . That 's how good this game is.The plot was fantastic . I was hooked from the very millisecond I started playing . I mean , ND has thrown a lot of ` haunted ' stuff at us in the past
 The Nancy Drew series computer games first started when I was about 12 . Since then , I have purchased each new one as they come out . I am now 20 and I still enjoy playing these games just as much . I think many people feel that these games are targeted toward girls in their early teens but do n't be fooled - these games are not easy ! Nonetheless , they are very enjoyable to play - when I was younger me and friend would work on the games together . If you are looking for a quality computer game that requires you to think and does n't involve blood and gore and lots of violence , I 'd recommend any of the games from the Nancy Drew series !
 I enjoyed this one . It was fun to see the Hardy Boys , even if they do n't do much . The characters were colorful and had more personality than some of the other games . I also enjoyed the puzzles , many of which were visual rather than verbal . This game had less repetition than some other ones -- no hunting for worms for half an hour . All in all , a fun time .
 I give this game 5 stars without a doubt!Rich , pampered Lori Girard , with riches in mind , sets out to find an old mine rumored to have been found by Jake Hurley . She has his old , possibly haunted train restored to working condition . But Lori ca n't find the mine alone . So she seeks the help of John Grey , a TV ghost hunter , Charleena Purcell , a famous author , Tino Balducci , a famous police detective , as well as a few `` amateur '' detectives - that 's you , Frank and Joe Hardy.I really like the story behind this game . It was very interesting , you could never pull yourself away . One thing I did n't like about this game is that you never find out what happened to Jake Hurley , his wife , and engineer . A turn of events keeps you from solving the actual mystery . But if you think hard enough , it 's not difficult to guess exactly what happened.The game had a good mix of quests and puzzles . But the puzzles were quite hard . Figuring out how to solve a puzzle was much harder than the actual puzzle . For example , you have to find and put together a lot of information to solve the doll puzzle , and relate completely unrelated elements of the game . This annoyed me . But the difficulty of the puzzles kept it fun.I also was annoyed by how long it took to install . But the graphics were amazing and it was definitely worth it.It was only Nancy Drew game I 've played so far , but I do n't see how the other games could possibly be as good . It kept me , a twelve year old , up all night trying to solve this mystery . I would definitely reccomend it to an adult or teenager , especially one that likes lateral thinking puzzles .
 Do you imagine yourself solving a century-old mystery about an old miner , Jake Hurley , and his mysterious wife , Camille?Do you see yourself meeting the Hardy Boys?Do you daydream about helping one of the Hardys to make burgers?Are YOU Nancy Drew?If you said yes to one or more of those questions , this game is absolutely for you.The Nancy Drew games are AMAZING ! They 're quite difficult to solve -LRB- seeing as I need walkthroughs ! -RRB- but possible , and hugely entertaining . The nice thing is , parents do n't have to be worried that their children will be glued to the computer monitor for hours not thinking at all -- Nancy Drew completely requires you to think . My best friend and I played this game together and had such fun with it ! I 'd also like to point out that the graphics are magnificent -- basically as life-like as it can get . Frank and Joe Hardy are a great addition to the game ... in the last few games in the series , Nancy was able to call them , but never actually see them , so it was a nice part of the game -LRB- and pretty funny at times -RRB- . And creating burgers to help Frank -LRB- or was it Joe ? -RRB- in his part time job making . . take a wild guess ... burgers.Anyhow , the only annoying part of the game was the ending . I found it to be a bit weak and not really worked on as well as it could be . In Stay Tuned for Danger , the ending is completely creepy and thrilling -- I got goosebumps ! But this one ... well ... you 'll have to see for yourself.On a lighter note , I 'm sure you 'll enjoy the game , despite the odd ending , and I hope you have a WONDERFUL time with it.Go solve that mystery , super sleuth .
 My son received this game for Christmas . We were out of town and had to wait several days to play it . We installed it as soon as we got home . This game was incredible !!!! Most of the graphics were awesome . And my son loved that the Hardy boys were added . We have several of these games and have never had any complaints about them although some are better than others . It mainly depends upon personal taste . ALL around these are excellent games that will allow your child to use their heads and think things through instead of sitting glassy eyed glued to a video screen . Thanks Her Interactive !! My son says please give us more Hardy Boys !!!!
 I love the Nancy Drew games -LRB- and I 'm a 14-year-old boy -RRB- . My siblings and I were thrilled to get this latest release . It was awesome ! In this 13th case , Nancy rides a historic train out West with a band of detectives to solve the century-old mystery of a long-lost miner and his mine . The graphics are unbelivable . The puzzles are challenging but possible to figure out after some real effort . The plot is the best yet ! -LRB- Who would 've thought of a haunted train ? -RRB- And you 'll never guess the ending ... it 's totally innovative and unexpected . The only things I did n't like too much is the fact that Nancy was invited on a mystery , she did n't find it . And the other thing is that the plot was absolutely fantastic , but the ending sort of did n't fit into the overall plot . But it was still GOOD ! These Nancy Drew games are educational and awesome ! GET THEM AND PLAY THEM IF YOU 'RE LOOKING FOR GREAT COMPUTER GAMES ! -LRB- THEY 'RE FOR EVERYONE !!!!!! -RRB-
 I 've played four ND games so far and I 've had mixed results . LTBMC is absolutely one of the games on the far `` fun '' side of the spectrum ! Interview , collect evidence , solve puzzles -LRB- and not get stumped -RRB- I had a great time with this and recommend it to anyone !
 Two words
 This was the second game I 've completed from the Nancy Drew series , and it was really good . It was fun , had a great storyline , and lots of different places to explore . The different people -LRB- suspects -RRB- were great too , to talk to them , and do things for them . Having the Hardy Boys there as well , was a nice touch , and something fun . The other features , like Nancy 's phone and notebook are very helpful for solving the puzzles , and getting hints ! The graphics are again , extremely good-looking , and the puzzles were challenging without driving you crazy!Hint
 This is a very fun Game . You are playing as Nancy Drew . You are bound on a train to who knows where with one police detective , a ghost hunter , a rich actress , the famous Hardy Brothers , and a familliar romance novelist ... You are set to find Jake Hurly 's treasure . Apparently , he found a mine full of treasure , and he went inside and never came out . But , before that , his wife died , and is said to haunt the train . Jake Hurly set out clues for someone so they 'd find his treasure after he died . So , its up to you , as Nancy drew , to find the treasure of Jake hurly.This game has wonderful graphics and has nice puzzles . Two mini games where hard to beat , but everything was smooth sailing for there . It was n't super easy , but it was n't mega hard . It was very enjoyable . Please , take my advice and get this . This is one of my favoite Nancy drew games . I 've played/own almost all of them .
 I love playing Nancy Drew Mystery Games . I did n't get to finish this one though because I got lost in the mine -LRB- I think that 's what it was -RRB- and I could n't get out .
 The following review by my daughter : I am 15 and enjoyed this game . I have also played Treasure in the Royal Tower and Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake . I liked this one the best .
 I 'm living proof that this game is not just for kids . I 'm a middle-aged adult and thought the game was really fun . Yes , some parts are hard , but if you click on everything , you will get most of the information you need . Nancy keeps a helpful journal and checklist -- she can also call Bess and George anytime for hints.The only other Nancy Drew game I 've played in full was Treasure in the Royal Tower , and I think this one was a bit easier and more enjoyable , even though I liked both .
 this is a fun game . it has good graphics , the story line is good but the end to this game is hard until you get used to it , which is barely . you get to meet the Hardy Boys for the first time . I recommend this game to mystery lovers and starters that feel up to it .
 I lo e this game ! It was the best game i have ever played next to the secret of shadow ranch ! If you dont like spooky games like the curse of blackmoor or the crystall skull this is the game for you ! And even if you like spooky games this game is great ! It took me 2 days to finish the game . But that was because I was playing it non stop ! It is pretty short but when it ends you arent like thats it ! It ends at the perfect time it has really good and cool story line and you never feel like you have nothing to do . But I should warn you this game is pretty simple ! It not one of those things where you have to look at the stratgy guid all the time . I still think that it was a great game and really worth my time . I think that anyone would like it !
 Alright . Herinteractive , I admit , did a great job . A few parts I did n't like though ... I felt that the Hardy Boys were supposed to be better than Nancy Drew , and considering that she is the main character , that was slightly depressing . I thought the new cellphone was awesome , except for the fact that I never used the camera on it . Maybe some others found some use for it . The puzzles were deliciously hard , and it had the right amount of challenge in it . The characters were OK . The graphics were lovely , and I was glad that we did n't have to stay in a rickety old train all the game . I 'm looking forward to playing the latest nancy drew game !!
 This game was great ! It 's easy to get stuck at the beginning , but after you get off the train , it goes by really fast.In this one , Nancy is on a train that might be haunted . Lori Girard -LRB- your host -RRB- invites a bunch of people , including Frank and Joe Hardy -LRB- you actually get to play as Frank in one part of the game -RRB- . Then odd things start happening on the train
 My daughter loved this game . She enjoys working her way through the mysteries . They hold her interest because it takes some skill and a little luck to get the answer . I like the fact that she is n't bored with it or finished with the game in 5 minutes . My daughter and her friends have bought and traded many of the Nancy Drew games . The new ones are more user friendly than the older ones .
 This game was sooo good ! I highly recomend it ! I really liked how you never know what 's going to happen next !!! And now you have a camera phone !! Bes and George are also always there to help as always ! I liked that.If you 're a Nancy Drew fan you should get this game !!! Why else would I give it a 5 star rating ?!?! ANd there are also some SPOOKY surprises waiting for you !!! I almost thoughtI was going to cry at the end because it was over !!!!!!!!!! ANyway i think you shoul get it even if you are n't a Nancy Drew fan !
 This is a game that I highly recommend because Herinteractive did a great job and took their time on making this game.The games is about you as Nancy Drew getting invited by the Hardy boys to help crack the case about what happened to Jake Hurley.On the way you meet Lori Giard , the host of the game , The Hardy Boys , Charlenna Purcell -LRB- from Secret of Shadow Ranch -RRB- , John Gray , a ghost expert , and Tino Balducci a detective.In the game you can talk to all of them and do favors for them like usual . The game also has alot more video clips and puzzles . The video clips in the game have good graphics and the game does n't load so you do n't have to wait a while to get back to your oringal screen . The puzzles in the game are easy and hard . A couple of the puzzles in the game did get me stumped bad like the dool puzzle where you have to line them up , and figure out there names , put them into inatlis then make them spell out a word , or this weird machine room inside the train where you have to find several items to get it working to find Jake 's mine.So anyway like I said , I really recomond this game for big Nancy Drew fans out there and thats why i rate the game 5 stars .
 Nancy Drew games are the best . They 're fun , they have nice puzzles , they have interesting characters/graphics/music , and they seem to be well thought out . I notice that many reviews for other games compare/contrast with Nancy Drew games , and with good reason -- after more than a dozen games to draw from , Nancy Drew is swiftly becoming a `` bench test '' for other games . I also notice that many of the ND fans are in their thirties , like myself . Going through one of these games is something that a young girl can do but it 's also something that we can do with members of our families -- children , husbands , etc. . . It 's wonderful how Nancy Drew has grown over the years , updating her phones as technology allows and such . Yet , she retains good , healthy habits . -LRB- If she opens a drawer to find something , then she * closes * it before walking away . She substitues healthy beverages for sodas with her meals . -RRB- There are always interesting things to learn in ND games . On the train in BMC , you can find information on semi-precious stones and , as in other ND games , there 's a little piano playing as well . The `` ghost hunter '' is interesting , showing the little recording and pictures of `` Camille '' and giving Nancy an explanation of the dancing lights in terms of piezoelectricity . There 's always so much to learn and investigate.This is definitely one of the best ND games yet .
 It was frustrating at times but overall it was fun and the ending was hilarious !
 I chose this rating because it was fun to play , yet challenging . Keep up the good work HER Interactive!I really liked it .
 I 've always loved her games , this one was amazing ! Different places to go to , lots of clues and mini games!Perfect score !! BTW , I am Micah 's wife , so he wo n't feel bad .
 I love this game and I have played it before . I was looking for the original box , however , because I am trying to collect them . The box the game came in was a clear cd case with the inside game manual as the cover . The game is perfectly fine and fun but the overall product was not what I was looking for .
 Nancy Drew
 Nancy Drew 's 13th game finds her full steam ahead in pursuit of the ghostly legend of Jake Hurley . Jake had built a custom train that he and his wife Camille traveled on , but after Camille 's mysterious , sudden death aboard the train , Jake , too , disappeared , the train found abandoned with the engineer dead at the wheel . The `` ghost train '' has been restored by socialite Lori Girard , who has invited several celebrities on the maiden voyage
 HerInteractive has banged out another fun mystery . We get to `` meet '' the Hardy Boys in this one , hopefully they 'll be back for more . I did n't come across any errors or bugs in the game , yay . I played on Windows XP with SP2 installed . Gameplay is pretty much the same as the rest of the series although Blue Moon was certainly beefed up a bit from Old Clock . It 's a bit lengthier but still left me wanting more . Graphics were great . One thing that definitely makes all the Nancy Drew games great is that you do n't have to find or accomplish everything in one particular order . I 'd like to see HerInteractive make the games a bit more challenging in terms of the trivia the player has to read , like integrate more of the knowledge into the game . Now that the game company has hammered out the gameplay logistics , it 's time for them to challenge themselves to create a more cutting edge game .
 I have purchased all the Nancy Drew computer games for my grandchildren ages 9 to 12 to play at my house . They have all been of the highest quality and great fun to play . This newest one is no exception . The controls are easy and the story is interesting . The games and puzzles are challenging enough to make the kids think , but not impossible to figure out . The second chance feature is helpful and removes the stress from the game -LRB- they hate to feel responsible for Nancy 's demise . -RRB- My young grandson enjoyed this game as much as the granddaughters did . HerInteractive does an awesome job with their product . We are eagerly awaiting the next adventure .
 I liked this game . The graphics were amazing , and the mystery was interesting . It was a bit more difficult than the last ones , and you could only use your cell phone to call Bess and George when the game would allow . Unlike the previous ones , where you could call whenever you needed a hint . They were never home this time until they wanted you to be able to call . Even the camera in the phone was kinda useless , because after a few pictures it ran out of memory . I thought the mystery was a bit complicated to figure out , but it was very fun . Overall , I liked the game . There were just a few things that I was n't too crazy about .
 I hate to argue with a previous reviewer , but these games are designed for a certain age group , and many players enjoy them anyway . If you do n't like the fact that the yellow arrows guide you and you can only look at certain things in certain places , do n't play them . These games are so complicated that if you were allowed to just look at anything anywhere , you would never know if what you were looking at pertained to solving the case , or if it was just a random thought that came across the designer 's mind.Play something else . Let the rest of us enjoy our games without degrading us.Anyway , Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon was a great addition to my collection of Nancy Drew games ! I was very excited to begin and I thought the story line was challenging and fun . The whole thing with the dolls was a bit unnerving . I found the character Lori to be a little sterotypical of any bored , rich Daddy 's girl - the perfect character to pit against the ever-perfect Nancy Drew and the presence of the Hardy Boys shows was creative . Older players like myself actually enjoy seeing characters from vintage detective series that we used to read popping up in unexpected places . I think HerInteractive has a great series on their hands and I hope they continue to produce these fun and challenging games .
 Although its not my favorite it was still very exciting ! I love these games so much , and so do my older sister -LRB- 18 -RRB- and younger -LRB- 12 -RRB- . Although im the fanatic =-RRB- . The only problem i had with this one was it got very irritating going back and forth through the train , most of the other games have more places to go ... this one was for the most part the train . But the story plot was so cool and interesting it kept me going so i could find out more ! So many turns and twists it will have you guessing until the very end !
 Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon is a pretty good Nancy Drew game . I was expecting it to be a lot longer , but it only took me about 3 days.The puzzles were challenging enough , and there were some really cool ones , but it would 've been cooler if there were more.I would have to say the best part of LTBMC is the characters . Lots of characters make a game better . The characters had incredible animation , and were very well developed.I think that the the scenery was also a highlight of the game . Being on a train was really fun , even though after a while I was eager to get off ! Overall , I 'd give Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon 4 stars , and I do recommend buying it .
 This game was really great ! Nancy got to do some really fun stuff in this game . The puzzles were challenging , but not frustrating , and there was a wide variety of characters.There were lots of secret passages in this game.Joe Hardy was very abnoxious , but Frank Hardy was nice.Plus , The end was great , and very exciting . The only reason that I give this game a 4 out of 5 is because it was too short ; I finished it in a week .
 This is one of herinteractive 's best games . However i finished it only 2-3 days . I think it should have lasted 1 more day -LRB- on the jr. level -RRB- . Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon is great other wise . I really like it . The ending / culprit is really shocking and the puzzles -LRB- Pipe -RRB- were really cool . So , if u like all of the other games , get this one too !!!
 Like all the ND games , this one had enough to keep me thinking . The puzzles are always fun but sometimes finding '10 little ' gems can be very frustrating and I feel stuck until they are found . This game included appearances by the Hardy Boys , but they really did n't add any value to the game play by sitting in the dining car . They provided more help in other games when available by calling them for ideas and information . If there was a way to ` change into ' Frank or Joe at certain points and explore as one of them for a while it might have been fun.Overall another solid ND game .
 Love all the Nancy Drew games , lot of action , intrigue in all of them . Highly recommend for mystery buffs . A must for Mystery Collectors .
 I think that it is a really good game . It is a good length ; not too long , not too short . The games are pretty fun and there are a lot of neat characters . In this game you also get to talk to the Hardy Boys . It was a nice addition.Lots of exploring to do and leads to follow up on . I really liked this game .
 excellent game-challenging-fun-interesting story line-i enjoy games that make you think and this one does on many levels-the characters are the usual nancy drew mix-had a great ending and i enjoyed playing it for days-if you are into nancy drew as i am you will love this game-if you are looking for something `` easy '' look elsewhere
 Fantastic Game ! Went a little fast , as most of them seem to go ... because they 're so much fun!Good mystery and story behind the game too . I especially love the `` old west '' theme.At first I was a little worried that the entire gameplay setting would be the train itself , I was relieved to find that the train did have an actual gameplay destination.And what an incredible ending !! Way to go Herinteractive ! Definitely one of my favs .
 The Wild West , a lost treasure and a luxury train ... once again Nancy Drew finds herself in the midst of a mystery . In the game , the excursion is hosted by the famous-or rather , infamous - Lori Gerard , who mysteriously evaporates during a strange blackout . Let the adventure begin.For the most part the game takes place aboard the train , although you also stop at a tiny town called Copper Gorge to collect information and objects pertaining to the treasure . At this location , you are allowed to explore a museum and taffy shop-desert salt-water taffy to be exact-as well as the crypt of Jake Hurley 's wife Camille . You also get to play as Frank Hardy who must work at the local diner making hamburgers so he can eavesdrop on a customer who has valuable information about the treasure . Another location Nancy can explore is the old mine where Jake 's treasure is allegedly hidden.There are more characters in `` Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon '' than in most other Nancy Drew games . For one thing , you actually have the Hardy Boys traveling on the train with you in the flesh instead of voices over a phone . Although they spend most of their time in the dining room , they are invaluable to the investigation . Another extra character , the proprietor of a museum and taffy store , appears later in the game , although this character is not a suspect . As usual , there are the typical four suspects that consist of fellow passengers aboard the train . -LRB- Excluding the Hardy Boys -RRB- The puzzles in this game deserve kudos , even though they can be frustrating at times . In general , the puzzles are enjoyable , even for me , who generally does n't like puzzles . Some of them are time consuming with illusive answers , and there is also one puzzle in the mine that I have yet to actually understand ! Generally , though , they can either be completed by common sense or trial-and-error , so the puzzles in this game get good points.The game is a fairly long Nancy Drew game . This is partially due to the stop at Copper Gorge , which gives the game another dimension . Although I do n't know exactly how man `` hours '' it is it 's probably the longest Nancy Drew game I 've played thus far.So if you like antique trains , the old west , mysteries and salt water taffy , most likely you 'll enjoy this game .
 Like all the other games I 've played so far in the Nancy Drew series , Last Train to Moon Canyon is full of intrigue , suspicion , and fun puzzles for all ages . I was able to finish the game in one sitting in around five or so hours , so I feel that it was of a slightly below average game time than some of the other , longer Nancy Drew games . Still , the storyline was very interesting , and I enjoyed talking to all of the suspects . Most of the puzzles in the beginning are pretty easy , but a few of them required a visit to a hint site to help get me through them . I 've found this to be the case for most all ND games . My only real quibble with the game is the fact that there are what felt to me like fewer places to explore in this game . For the most part , you are walking back and forth somewhat endlessly on the train , and that can get tiring at points . I would have enjoyed more places to poke around in , and more people to interrogate , although 3 - 4 people is the norm for an ND game.I definitely recommend this to anyone of any age who enjoys a solid mystery and a challenge .
 A lot of fun for puzzles games lovers!Nice plot ! Reminds `` Syberia '' game , and Agata Kristi books.Train , the person is disappeared , suspects ... I had blust!Thanks to creators !
 I did enjoy playing this Nancy Drew game , Last Train to Blue MoonCanyon . I probably would not have been able to solve some of thepuzzles without the help of Universal Hint System . It was a fun game to play even though I needed to cheat .
 This is about the eighth Nancy Drew game I 've played , and it is definitely the easiest . I normally spend a lot of time with Nancy walking around looking at the same things and trying to talk to the other characters , until I finally see something I missed or get a flash of inspiration . In this case , I played the game through in three short sessions , never getting stuck once . On a good note , there were no timed puzzles , which I hate . If something is n't obvious at first sight , then one of Nancy 's comments , another character , or George and Bess will tip you off . Really , this game is too easy , although I still recommend it.About the first half of the game takes place on an old train , and the graphics are great , as usual . If you like the romance of travel by private railcar and the like , you will enjoy that aspect of this game . Of course , the car interiors are wider than they would be in reality , but they look good . The other characters have a little more personality than they typically do , I thought , and there 's good interaction with them.Overall , this is a very good game , but you will probably finish it more quickly than any other Nancy Drew in the series .
 Phew - I 'm relieved to be able to recommend this game . I 've played them all - in order . And I really did n't enjoy the last two , so I was a bit concerned.But Her Interactive got a lot of things right in this one ! Interesting mystery , with the puzzles relatively seamlessly integrated into the plot . Not too much repetition of tasks - hooray!The only reason it was n't perfect , for me , was that I really did n't learn too much . My favorite games are the ones where I walk away with a bit more knowledge of something than I had before going in . And this one - not so much.I also had a small objection to the ending . The `` treasure '' , so to speak , was completely out of the park . There had been nothing to indicate leading up to it that this was what we were seeking . And , as a history buff , I hated seeing such a `` treasure '' indeed relegated to the back-burner and used as a throw-away at the very end .
 I 've done most of the Nancy Drew games now , and a couple CSI and Law and Order games . Nancy Drew has better graphics and is actually harder in some cases than CSI . I also had so many problems with bugs with the CSI and Law and Order games , not so with Nancy Drew . And a real plus is my 7 year old can play them with me .
 Herinteractive ! has done an outstanding job once again . All of the new features they give you . It gets better with every game . This one definately blew me away . How beautiful everything looks . I 've played it 7 times haha . It never gets old .
 I grew up with Myst and Riven , and I still have as much fun today playing the ND games with my daughter . She stayed excited and inquisitive the entire game . It lasted two weekends of nonstop riddle-solving . My daughter loved interacting with all of the characters , and reasoning out on what to ask each suspect . She also enjoyed all of the logic-based riddles and puzzles . We had to help her on a few of them . But the hint book and the interactive help with Nancy Drew 's friends was a big plus , and did n't let my daughter get too frustrated . I recommend this for ages 8 and up . With some of the younger kids , the parents will have to help them along . Some of the puzzles were complex . We took notes the whole time -LRB- even though the game stores notes that you can call up at any point in the game -RRB- . The interactive notebook also has a check list for the user to check off when a task has been completed . This really helped to keep my daughter organized and focused on the task at hand .
 Like always the games are wonderfully written and the graphics are beautiful !!! As all players would agree this games are not just for kids ; the games are challenging as well as unique in their own way . Thus far I have not seen any redundancy on the stories , strategies , characters , or endings . The makers of this games are doing such a good job in making the games a bit more challenging and yet enjoyable for all of us that have played the series since the beginning , and have become a bit of `` experts on the field '' For anyone that has not played the games before I encourage you to do so , you will love the suspense and the clues that you find as you go along . Although the games are not design to be played in order , is always a good idea to play them that way . For anyone that has already experience the thrill from these games , I can only say that like all other Nancy Drews this one will not disappoint you .
 This Nancy Drew truly had you thinking hard . The puzzles kept me thinking about it for hours and they always lead you to another one . The idea of the train was a very good one . It kept you wondering whether you were really going to get off the train and actually find the mine . I enjoyed the idea of having the Hardy Boys in this case , though they were n't all that helpful . The characters in this game keep you off your feet because your always finding something truly suprising about them . It is not a really easy game because you can die and get into trouble . Moving from the different cars of the train is a little annoying . The true suspense and challenges of the game make one of the best .
 This game proved key to reviving a series several feared was staggering . Through innovative new concepts , such as the addition of the Hardy Boys and confining Miss Drew to a train for the duration of her sleuthing , even fans growing weary of the series will quickly fall in love.Perhaps most pleasant about the game was the delightful variety amongst the characters and their personalities . This game , by far , introduced the most widespread array of personalities I 've seen in the series.I felt the game ended a bit too quickly , not in a sense of ease , but rather in the sense that I desired to continue playing ! After this game I am very eagerly awaiting the release of the next game in the series `` Danger By Design . ''
 I happen to be a die hard Nancy Drew fan and I have a lot of their games . This one was one of my favorites . I loved the new cell phone idea and that you can take pictures . The story line is good and there are some definite plot twists . I wo n't give anything away , but the whole kidnapping and finding sequence is great ! I loved how that turned out ! Well , the ending is ok , i guess . It was n't as scary and high energy as some of them . I recommend Secret of Shadow Ranch . It 's got a majorly suspensful ending and it 's kind of a new expierence in the Nancy Drew games . But overall , this game gets 4 stars . It 's definitly worth buying . I think this is good more for teenagers , but its good for adults too . The puzzles are definitly challenging and i noticed that in this one , there are a lot more puzzles than usual . Enjoy !
 The thirteenth of the Nancy Drew Mystery Series . Things are graded A-F , just like school.The Crime
 This game has been one of the best additions to the series . It is enjoyable walking around as if you are Nancy Drew yourself . I solved many intruiging puzzles in this game that were exciting and not too hard . There was also a wide range of characters from the Hardy boys to famous writers . It has an intruiging ending . You could never have guessed who the criminal was !
 We have run this on our intranet for a while now with no problems . Even though it 's an older product you can still do email , messaging , etc. . Still a great product and a lot less then a new version . Handy for people on a budget or smaller companies .
 This game is great . The outlandish idea of using stuffed animals as shooting action stars actually worked ! The graphics are still quite good . And , if you have the XP patch -LRB- which i have been unable to find ANYWHERE -RRB- , You can even get this installed and running on an XP computer ! The way the security dogs ` explode ' into a flurry of stuffing is hilarious . The cartoon-like way that the puzzles play out is fun and downright silly . The sound effects are great . The levels are HUGE . You will be playing this for a LONG time . Great game . I finished it numerous times on my Windows 98 system . Then i switched to XP , got the patch and played it through a few more times . Then , i lost the patch . * SOB * . Oh , well . If you know where to get the patch , then get this game ! It is absolutely fantastic !
 I would have to say that this distro has to be one of the most user friendly distributions I have ever really used . I have dabbed around in Debian , spent plenty of time in Redhat 7.3 , 8 and 9 , as well as Redhat Enterprise Linux 3 WS , and I have also had plenty of experience with Fedora Core 1 as well . Although this distribution is excellent , it is not without its quirks ... at least , here are a few that I have encountered : - Setting up your system to use a static IP address through YaST is a little more challenging than it should be - When setting up a static IP in YaST , I ended up saving the subnet as 255.255.255.0 , however , running ifconfig showed the subnet as 255.255.255.255 - Installing ATI drivers in this distro is a little trickier than any other distro that I have played with . You will need to download the drivers from the SuSe FTP site rather than from ATI - when logged in as a regular user , signing in as root through Switch User -LRB- su -RRB- in the terminal will practically disable access to any GUI based applications you may want to execute as a root user without logging out or switching the user through graphical meansThose are just a few of my beefs ... however , through YOU -LRB- Yast Online Updater -RRB- there are alot of nice things you can install without having to go through any websites , such as nVidia graphics drivers , which I believe have excellent linux support -LRB- ATI drivers suck in Linux -RRB- , Microsoft core fonts , firmware for WiFi cards , and a few other neat little things . The great stuff available within SuSe 9.1 Pro easily outweighs the bad . They have definately nailed a distribution suitable for the home user .
 I have to say I have tried alot of distros . Of all of them Suse 9.1 has impressed me the most . One does not have to be a geek to maintain it . Updates are a doodle . You know you always have an up to date , and secure system.The selection of software is incredible . I love having 4 browsers to choose from . M$ office compatible programs coming out the wazoo . All this for how much ?? I am sooo pleased to see this finally on Amazon.ca . You would n't believe what I had to do to get my copy.I have been using Suse since 8.1 and with every iteration the distro has been getting better and better.Come on over to open source , the water 's fine !!
 Factory sealed as stated in the listing . Installed and works without a problem . This software is also simple and reliable.Thanks !
 I took some time before I bought AutoCAD LT. It was a big investment for an engineer but well-worth the trouble -- I am glad I waited . So many improvements , so little time . My first exposure to AutoCAD was filling in for my CAD operator after her untimely lay-off -LRB- Companies are usually stupid in these matters . -RRB- I rushed to learn AutoCAD 11 so I could fix the drawings . Since then , I have tracked AutoCAD 's developments ; AutoCAD LT 2007 is even a big improvement over AutoCAD 2004 . If you do consulting , you need this software.Since I spend most of my time in Publishing as an editor for Chemical Processing magazine , I was concerned with compatibility with other software . Afterall , what good is any software if others , who do n't have $ 900 to pay for AutoCAD , ca n't use what you send them ? This dilemma is easily handled by this software . Here was my problem
 The 2007 release has more overall command power than I 've experanced in the recent past . However , there is one group of commands I would like to see it aquire , that being the Express group of commands . I 've been using ACAD since release 11 and the ability to go to express and utilize the layer off / on control is second to none . I realize that it may be standard in a full blown version , but a small business such as mine ca n't always afford the full version right away .
 the only problem is the amount of tutorial , i know you ca n't write to every level , but the turorial -LRB- getting started -RRB- for a first timer user was a little diffcult .
 AutoCad is the best CAD system I have ever used and I have used AutoCAD LT going back to at least 2000 , 2004 being my prior upgrade . AutoCAD LT 2007 is a definite step up . It is an easy upgrade to use , if you are familiar with prior AutoCAD LT editions , but it has some very nice improvements such as :1 . `` Gradual Zooms '' allow you to keep better orientation .2 . Colored selection boxes help a lot .3 . Less steps required for the copy command . You do n't have to select `` Multiple '' . These are just a few of the enhancements I have notices . Every time I use the new version , I notice something which is new and nice to have .
 AutoCAD 2007 LT is a couple of steps above AutoCAD 2002 as far as ease of use but its still a 2D CAD program which is n't especially too far beyond pencil , compass , and straight edge .
 I have used ACAD since version 9 , I have used 10 , and then LT 97 , then I recently upgraded to v 2007 ... Good solid program , there were some nice enhancements especially since 97 , 10 years can do wonders for a a product ... A little more than I would have liked to spend , but it has what my company needs to do some simple drafting ...
 Product is as advertised . If you have used previous versions you will be happy with some of the changes .
 Hollywood is a CD-ROM that runs on Windows and Macintosh and turns students into Hollywood producers . You create animated movies complete with a cast of zany characters , odd sets , weird voices , animated actions , and sound effects . It 's like a high-tech puppet show on a computer screen .
 This game is awesome . Honestly I believe this is must have for most educational facilities . I remember playing it back in 6th grade . Sadly back then I was not a very good speller so it had errors . This game gets kids involved in screenwriting though . I think it a very good idea for english growth . It helps with sentance structure and planning and stuff . Overall though it is a good game . -LRB- even if it takes fo ever to freakin get there -RRB-
 Corel WordPerfect Office x3 Student & Teacher Ed . I a great program . I need this for my laptop . Since , my did not come with any WordPerfect or excel program . So this was the one i was looking for . Great program . Highly recomanded .
 I have been using Labels Unlimited for many years . It is a great program for doing just one thing.Now that I 've started using Windows 7 , I have found the program closes each time I try to open up a saved label file.With Windows 7 XP Mode , it installs and works fine though , so I can keep using it .
 Labels Unlimited fro XP has liven up to it 's previous glory . It works great and is easy to use .
 This program was designed for Windows 95 , so It does have some problems with XP , but it is the best overall label program I have found . I had to reload the program and found out I had lost the disk , so I bought the new one . I have used this program since Windows 95 , and everything in between . I like it because of the Database .
 Item was as advertised and arrived in very short time after ordering . I am very satisfied .
 I have used this program before and I love it . Then only thing that i dont like is it is not designed to work with windows 7 . I have the professional version so i can run it in a different windows mode . If they ever design a program to work with windows 7 i will surely by it . This program is great , does all kinds of labels and it has a great price .
 Simple . It loads like a blaze . Sure all the new frills and features like easy annotations are neat , but the speed of 7.0 alone makes it worth every dime . Especially if your current Acrobat is the half-baked clunky 6.0.x that burst through the gates before it had legs .
 I chose this because I still use Proteus and Emulator X software for midi sounds for sequencing recording . E-mu has a great library of instrument sounds , I highly recommend this !!!
 Everything was received and works great ; the only issue i had was finding the authenticity number on my pc to install the hardware . A little research on the internet and i was in business ; Some of us are not very compute savy if you know what i mean so if its not plug and play it can really suck!But overall a small issue
 I previously had another recording software program before I got this one and was prepared for all the problems that some of the other reviewers encountered . I have a pretty good computer anyway with Windows XP . So , I have to say , this program does what it 's supposed to do . That being said , I have a 24 track studio in my house and my 24 track recorder is basically a computer that does nothing but records . It 's laid out for that purpose and is very easy to use compared to trying to do it on my home computer . But , with a computer program , things are n't as handy . A little familiarity with computer programs and computers in general will help alot . With the soundcard issue , the thinking is that you will be monitoring your recordings with studio monitors . If you are n't prepared for that , it can get confusing until you actually hear something . Plus , like any studio , you have to think about acoustics . My office is n't a good sounding environment to record in so I only have this program to throw together ideas . If I had it in the studio , I could make a very nice recording . But , the difference in cost is the main thing . My 24 track studio cost whole lot more than this program .
 This product works , it 's inexpensive and can schedule all the radio programs I want for my iPod . The user interface is not quite as simple as iTunes but I can get great talk radio all listed with program details and international news all in one product . RadioTime -LRB- I think that 's the name of the company and product -RRB- ingeniously designed this more like a radio guide instead of a cheap recorder software like the Replay Radio I previously purchased . You should try it because the real value comes from this radio guide .
 This program is amazing , it does what it says and is easy to use . I was able to find radio programs that I never knew existed . If you listen to Talk Radio this is a must . The RedButton toolbar is easy to use and very convenient . You can add your favorite stations and change between them without closing a window . Kudos to the creators !
 My daughter received this Shop ` NCook Pro for her birthday . She is a Pastry Chef . I called one night about a week after her birthday and all she did was rave about this wonderful program . She said she has entered all of her recipes and has never been so organized . Planning to start her own restaurant , this program is proving to be invaluable .
 I do n't know what the other reviewers had problems with , but this has worked great for me . I am running it on Windows XP and have not had any trouble . It has worked exactly like it should , and I have had no conflicts running other software of any kind . If you turn on the feature that tells you that some other software is trying to hack your computer it has a message pop up -LRB- you can turn the message off -RRB- that tells you that it has been blocked . It happens a lot more than you think it would . But Defender Pro has always blocked that type of stuff . It works great for me and its cheap . What more do you want ?
 From edit to output is a workflow dream is a great training set . I would recommend not buying this though if you recently purchased Adobe 's production studio because the dynamic link has changed workflow drastically . It might be better to wait for their new version of edit to output before buying.But as always , with watching any of totaltraining 's videos . You will learn something , something useful something that you did not know before . So for that reason , it 's worth getting.I just want to say what a great product , I think this is.Have some fun and get it done
 Just finished reading this and I ca n't get it out of my mind . It is an extremely well crafted story that grabs you and does n't let go . The author is a creative master of horror and I think this is his best yet . Well worth taking the time to settle down on a quiet , dark night to allow yourself to fall under its spell .
 I just love this old program . I have had such great success in cleaning up old recordings to tweaking them to my liking . It also does a great job capturing audio for me to create mp3s from . The weakness I 've found with this old program is exporting mp3s at too low a bit rate as it has a hard time keeping the recording free from compression artifacts . I keep my files at 192 or above and it does just wonderful . However , my main computer with this program has had a c
 Magix Cleaning Lab 3.0 is great software . I have restored many songs I thought would never see the digital light of day . Now they are played with vibrant sound ! Essentially one has the option of cleaning music in four ways .1 . De-click -LRB- to remove click sounds from old records -RRB- 2 . De-crackle -LRB- same source as above -RRB- 3 . De-noise -LRB- from cassette noise , hissing , etc -RRB- 4 . De-hiss -LRB- tape hiss among other types of hiss -RRB- Among these one can choose varying levels of correction . Some recordings require stronger levels , others weaker . As the original recording quality worsens , the ability of the cleaner worsens too . Sometimes the cleaner , creates a different type of sound than before . For instance , the original sound might contain a tambourine , but once cleaned strongly , it sounds more synthesized . The program has a `` wizard '' that will take you through the cleaning process in the best order . Using the wizard , you can hear the original and preview it cleaned . At the end you get to hear the original and the perfectly cleaned songs . The difference is amazing.Now , after you have cleaned it , you can feel just like a top-level audio engineer , who has the audio in graphic form right in front of him . There are multiple effects , all which can be utilized while the track is playing . They are1 . Stereo FX -LRB- Here you can adjust the level of stereo surround , or bring it to mono . You can change the volume of individual channels too -RRB- .2 . Brilliance/EQ -LRB- Change the sound with a graphic equalizer , and preset equalizer settings -RRB- 3 . Multi-Max -LRB- Increase the loudness , presence , of a file , and it acts as a limiter -RRB- 4 . Direct X controls -LRB- add on any Direct X effect -RRB- 5 . Normalize Object Volume -LRB- this is not on the display , but can be done by right clicking on the sound graphic and selecting this option . This makes quieter songs louder . -RRB- 6 . Acoustics-Simulator -LRB- new to 3.0 , this gives the music echo and reverb , to make it sound like it &#65533; s been recorded in a hall , cathedral , tunnel , etc -RRB- I have used the sound effects not only for records , but also for digital recordings . After sending them through Cleaning Lab , they sound much clearer and fresher than before . Typically I export the songs that I clean to MP3 format , at 160 kbit/s or higher , and set the option to `` high quality , '' -LRB- this is done on the `` export audio '' window , by clicking `` format settings '' -RRB- to get the crispest sound.Okay , now for the negatives . It wo n't burn on my CD burner . It just wo n't recognize external CD-RW units . It will recognize most internal ones though . I also noticed that using the acoustics simulator often causes a cracking sound to appear on the recording because when adding its effects , it makes the music much louder . Also , in order to export your cleaned recordings to MP3 format , you must pay for an upgrade -LRB- wavs , MPEGS , WMA files are free -RRB- . I paid about 15 US dollars . Finally , the help files are sometimes not translated too well from their German originals.I have n't used every recording feature . Usually I record each song individually using the audio-in jack . If you record this way -LRB- from the headphone jack on your stereo to your computer line-in jack -RRB- , you will need a cheap cable . Magix periodically offers patches for products , so check their web site from time to time to ensure best performance.Version 3.0 does not seem to me to offer a huge number of features over the previous version . The interface is slightly easier to navigate , and there are certainly more features and more cleaning/mastering options . Overall I am very impressed with 3.0 , but not much more than the previous version . I have a lot of fun restoring old songs , and enhancing newer ones ! I definitely suggest this product .
 I have used Audio Cleaning Lab 3.0 on two projects so far
 This works as advertised . I had tried the product that came with Easy CD creator and was really disappointed . All of the scratches and clicks were easily removed from old vinyl recordings with Audio Cleaning Lab without losing any noticeable quality from the recording . Numerous features as described for enhancing the quality of the recording . I would recommend the full version -LRB- carried by Amazon -RRB- rather than the e version , downloadable at Magix web site , since the e version does n't include their `` wizards '' and some other useful features that the boxed version contains . Great product !!!
 To go into great detail , about how this product works , would take up a lot of space , and time . Besides you would have to hear the differnce for your selp . But anyway , this product does work . It does n't `` Digitally remaster '' the songs , but it does take out tape hiss , and pops and crackles heard on records , in most cases it would be better to by the remastered cd , if it is inprint . Takes a little bit of time to master it , and all of the other effects , and etc. . that it has . But it is worth the money . Good editing tool to cut songs , splice together , or fade in or out . You can als raise or lower the volume of the songs to match the other songs on your cd . Some of theses can be done by you or the program . There are many other uses that this program can do . WORTH THE MONEY , and one of the better music programs out .
 Magix Audio Cleaning Lab 3.0 is a great follow up to the 2001 original version . All the same great features are still there plus some new ones . One new feature that stands out is the new MULTI-MAX 3-BAND COMPRESSOR . This is great for `` punching up '' dull sounding recordings . All in all , a very worth while product that is very easy to use . Great software for the price - get it !
 It was the perfect companion for saving my old records in the digital age . Very easy to use and fully automated . The mastered CD sounds better than the original vinyl ! I love it !
 I used this product as a cleaner , not as a burner -LRB- yet -RRB- . And as a cleaner , I used it manually only -LRB- no wizard yet -RRB- . In the respect of cleaning , the results are really amazing . I recorded old songs from vynil disks played on a non-amplified turn-table . After normalizing the volume -LRB- which in fact magnified it several times -RRB- , all the noise was increased tremendously and quality degraded badly . However , by using the cleaning tools in Audio Cleaning Lab 3.0 , I was able to bring the songs to a good quality . Audio Cleaning Lab 3.0 saved me money freeing me from buying an amplifier!I observed though that the program fares better with music than with voice . When cleaning voice recordings the program provides quite mediocre performance.For music however , I think it is an excellent cleaner for the money .
 This software is easy to use , and install . You can edit any movie you want . It also converts avi , and mpg movies to dvd , great for a computer beginner .
 The Movie to CD and DVD is really awesome . It lets you take your VHS tapes and make them into DVD 's . It is the real deal . If you have a DVD Player this is a must buy . Instead of buying a -LSB- money -RSB- DVD RW you can just buy this for -LSB- money -RSB- . Everybody out there I urge you to get this awesome deal . It also comes with free shipping .
 Este producto lo compr&eacute; siempre pensando en compararlo con office de microsoft.Desde que lo recib&iacute; , encontr&eacute; que este producto es cuando menos igual en calidad , aunque creo que es muy superior , aunado a la diferencia de precio , ya que este producto trae 5 licencias de uso , contra una de microsoft , y desde luego el precio es muy accesible.El &uacute;nico punto malo ser&iacute;a que tarda 5 a 10 segundos mas en cargar que digamos excel , pero una vez cargado , funciona igual o mas r&aacute;pido.Creo que es de lo mejor que me ha tocado comprar en software , lo recomiendo muy ampliamente.Javier Angeles , Guadalajara , M&eacute;xico .
 My 6 year-old loves this . Looks great . Fun , challenging games.HINT
 My 4yr old loves cars and although there are games on this that are a little challenging for her she loves to play it . My 6yr old is determind to get a new car everytime she plays .
 Unlike many `` once and done '' games ... this game continues to provides hours of enjoyment for our family .
 Sorry that my review is so late but I had to pin the daughter-in-law down to find out how the boys liked this game . She says they `` just love it . ''
 My 5 year old son loves it . It has a good mixture of fun and intelligent activity - some are tough but challenging . I enjoy it as well .
 I bought the game for my four year old Grandchild . She loves it , and does n't get bored playing with it .
 This is my son 's favorite PC game , at this moment ! The levels are ideal for him
 On the box this games states that it is for ages 4 + . Unless you have a child that plays video or computer games constantly , ages 6 and up would be more appropriate.This game consists of 10 activities , each associated with a different car . Completing the activity unlocks the race secret for that partiuclar car . This allows McQueen to beat that car in the race.The activites are cute , but require less problem solving and more hand-eye coordination . None of the activites are particularly educational , but it is still fun . Unfortunately , the way the game is set up requires the player to complete all 5 levels for each activity in order to get the secret . Many of the level 4 's and 5 's are too hard for kids this age -LRB- unless they play nintendo or xbox all the time -RRB- and so you have to help your kids through them . My son , who just turned 6 , loves the game , but he needs help with the higher levels on some of the activites as they require quick memorization -LRB- Ramone 's dancing moves -RRB- , or good hand eye coordiation -LRB- Speed trap -RRB- . It would be nice if they had a `` setting '' for younger vs. older kids -LRB- younger kids could win after 3 levels -RRB- , but otherwise it is still a great game . If you are looking for some pure fun and not a lot of educational value , then this is worth it . If you want an educational component , then you will be disappointed .
 It is a cute game.He says he loves it and it is fun.He really enjoys playing it , but he does need help getting through all 5 levels to win his `` secrets '' . It is a pretty simple and easy layout - definately only for kids to enjoy more then an hour .
 I 'm reviewing this for Mac OSX . The game works great and is a lot of fun for my soon to be 4 year old . He can handle some games and some are too hard , but that will let him grow into the game as he gets older . Surprisingly , none of the games are major stinkers . There are lots of bad computer games out there , and very few games developed for OSX , so I was very happy to find this quality game . My only complaint is that the stuff that is locked -LRB- until certain challenges are met -RRB- is a little confusing and frustrating for my son .
 MY DAUGHTER LOVED THIS PROGRAM SO MUCH BOUGHT HER THE NEW 2005 EDITION FOR HER NEW PC AND LEFT THIS RUNNING ON HER OLDER PC . THOU IT DOES ADD FEW FILES AND WILL MAKE A MANUAL SCAN WITH NORTON ANTI VIRUS RUN LITTLE LONGER THE AUO SCAN NOT AFFECTED . THOU SOME PEOPLE WINE ABOUT AMOUNT OF FILES ADDED IT IS A EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM NOT A GAME AND RUNS VERY SMOOTH AND EASY TO USE . MY DAUGHTER AT AGE 9 HAS NO PROBLEMS LOOKING STUFF UP . VERY USEFUL AND HANDY PROGAM TO HAVE FOR ANYONE WITH KIDS IN SCHOOL . ANYONE WHO KNOCKS IT FOR ADDING FILES OR MAKING VIRUS SCAN -LRB- NORTON ONLY -RRB- RUN LITTLE LONGER MIGHT NEED TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL THEMSELF.WOULD OF GIVEN FIVE STARTS EXCEPT LOAD TIME ON FIRST INSTALL DOES TAKE AWILE AFTER THAT IT IS FINE RUNS VERY SMOOTH ON WINDOWS 98 THREW XP PRO . IF YOU GOT KIDS IN SCHOOL BUY IT I AM GLAD I DID
 Video Deluxe 2.0 has all the features I was looking for in a video editor . It can take hours of movie clips in various formats and sew them together in a nice coherent package using a whole slew of powerful editing options . Sound can be manipulated in just about any way you can think of , and videos can be brightened , stretched , put in different tones , slowed down , etc. . The program also includes many different transitions and ways of applying effects more or less strongly during different parts of the same clip . The layout is very intuitive and easy to use . DVDs and -LRB- s -RRB- VCDs can be recorded easily and directly using the program 's DVD editor and burning utility.The one drawback for me is that the program does not readily read AVI -LRB- MJPEG -RRB- files from my digicam , whereas Ulead 's video editing software does . This has caused me a lot of trouble .
 I bought the Plus version of this software for the extra bells and whistles but I do n't use them much , so I recommend the basic version for a few dollars less . I purchased this on TechTV 's recommendation . It is an incredible value with an amazing amount of flexibility in your editing . It is n't the easiest piece of software on the market - it 's not a `` click '' to capture , `` click '' to cut , and `` click '' to burn - and while the DVD menus are pretty flexible but not as comprehensive as some of Ulead 's menus . Right now there is also no motion or music to menus . I find this software intuitive but I 've heard some people find it a little difficult . You can work in storyboard or timeline mode and toggling between the two is simple . The effects , transitions , and audio fixes are superb . The online bulletin board is friendly , USER-friendly , and a great place to have all kinds of questions answered . I have it bookmarked and check it daily . With the Plus version , in addition to the software and additional material , you also get a labeler software , photo manipulation software , and a music-editor and player . It 's imported every kind of file I 've thrown at it , including footage from my Sony TRV18 digicam and VOB files from -LRB- my personal -RRB- DVDs .
 This is most definitely a video editing program of yesteryear but still functions as it should - even on Windows 7 -LRB- even if the visuals seem a little off -RRB- . But everything functions as it should and it has the added benefit of exporting video using your systems codecs rather than built-in tools which gives the user greater control over the codecs used and the overall quality and compatibility of the video.There may be better out there , but for this price , if you are n't doing anything completely insane or major blockbuster quality , you ca n't possibly get better .
 I 've had Video Deluxe 2.0 for about 3 weeks now and my opinion is that it is a great editor . It does some quirky things every now and then , but compared to other Video Editors that I own and others that I have tried , it is very stable . The Deluxe version allows 16 tracks , where the plus version allows 32 . You can mix video and photos and do all kinds of cool zooms and pans . I 'm really only getting started . The only caveats are
 I first gave the program 5 stars but had to come back and say a bit more . I really do like the program and give it 5 stars . It works great for me and I have played around with it quite a bit and have learned some cool tricks like getting my movie to play in reverse . I also found out how to do picture in picture and a few other tricks . but none can I thank to the manual.The manual is fine as a quick start guide and then some . It give basic information on buttons and controls and so forth , but as I learn the program I find it quite vage and at times down right unhelpful as in what some of the advanced controles do and how to get them to work.Case in point what is DV Logging ? The progam gives this as an advance over Video Deluxe 2.0 -LRB- it 's only in the `` Plus '' program -RRB- but gives only a little note about it in the manual as to the fact you can do it . After some playing around I figured out what it is and how to work it . But a few more words would have made my time a bit more productive.As a supliment I am reading Digital Video For Dummies but it leans to Pinnical Studio 8 . Yet it is very helpful in learning what all the lingo is all about which helped to understand Video Deluxe 's manual and buttons and choices.All in all the program has worked great for me with few problems . The program seems to have a lot of flexability and is a blast to play with and edit videos.I just wish it had a manual that matched . I feel I am only understanding what this probram can do at a basic level . I think they put a lot into creating and working this progam and it shows , but they need to tell the customer how to use and understand all the great work they put into it.I so far understand about 50 % or 60 % of what this thing will do but there are no other places to find more advanced information . So I just play around on my own thinking `` OK what will it do when I chose X instead of Y next time . `` All in all First rate program with a good standard manual . It will get you started and making some great movies out of the gate . But your on your own for advance study .
 Works just as advertised . Multiple tracks for video and audio makes creating and syncing video easy . The burn to Video CD feature works like a charm as well as the mix to Mpeg feature . The only critisism that I have is that it does n't allow you to capture video to an AVI file . It defaults to the Magix format which is a smaller file but not as good of quality as AVI . I use either Dazzle 80 or Virtual Dub -LRB- Freeware -RRB- to capture and then edit and mix-down on Video Deluxe 2.0 Plus .
 I bought this product on the recommendation of TechTV and have to say I love it ! It is incredibly versatile and will do most of what the average consumer wants to do with their home videos . Their support bulletin board is like an open classroom and those who know what they 're doing share with those of us who do n't ! :o-RRB- Members also create their own additional transitions and effects and post them for download . I ca n't say enough good about this product . The only drawback is that it is a little more difficult to master than some of the entry-level video editing packages , but it is DEFINATELY WORTH IT !
 I bought this software about a month ago . I have had my eye out for this type of software for sometime . I have a 3 year-old emachines running at 512MHz with 320Mb SDRAM . My video camera is an analog 8mm Sony about 4 years old . I was looking for some software to really spruce up my home movies . I wanted something to add music and transitions . It does this wonderfully and burning it to a VCD is so easy . I have really been inspired by this and I have started taking even more video . I have done several 5 or 6 minute clips of all types . I love it . While it does freeze up occassionally , it has not been nearly so bad as I read on some other reviews . It does NOT , however , import my video . I have had to use an older Dazzle product and software to do this .
 I 've tried the software that came with my Sony PC and it just did n't work very well - there were always jerky sections . I bought this software based on the reviews posted here and it works very well . Both my PC and digital video camera are made by Sony and I 've had no conflicts or lock-ups . The only real issue I have with the software is that neither the manual or the help screens are very useful . They do a much better job pitching the features than they do describing how to actually use them . For example , I was unable to find basic instructions such as how to save a project ! You have to learn by using the software , so assume you are going to ruin some DVDs while you are learning.You also are going to need a large hard-drive because a 55 minute video is going to eat up 11 gig .
 It has 32 video tracks wich you can use as a audio tracks also . A lot of videos and audios effects . It 's VISUALS is n't a `` Digital Juice '' but you can make some background for your videos.It comes with 3 CD 's with a lot ... yes , A LOT of cool staff
 Okay , I tried all the other ones . Pinnacle , to be more specific . I got this and guess what . . IT WORKS ! I just got the new Sony DCRDVD300 -LRB- that camcorder that records direct to DVD -RRB- and I was looking for a software that I could edit my films . I tried everything and this one actually captures the movie and edits ... and ... oh my god . . I can burn direct to DVD with no problem . And after I am done , I put the disc in my DVD player and it PLAYS . I think this is the best software out there . And believe me , I am what you call a `` software junkie '' . I have them all . . DVD X Copy . . etc. . With Magix , Video 2.0 Deluxe , you can really edit , burn , copy . . gosh ... anything . I love it . And it recognized my brand new DVD burner -LRB- also from Sony -RRB- . Make sure you have the right DVD discs so you can burn at max . speed which right now is 8x -LRB- of course , as you read , they are now coming out with 10x -RRB- . I love this software . It is very rare -LRB- exept for Adobe and Jasc -RRB- that you buy a software and you can actually do what the box say you can do .
 I 've been using MAGIX VIDEO Deluxe aside with other editors and DVD authoring programs -LRB- ArcSoft ShowBix , Pinnacle , Sonic MyDVD -RRB- . I am very happy with the product , especially because it can be used in what does best -LRB- in my opinion
 ... nothing more to say , just try the demo version !
 Wow - I ordered this set primarily for the Mandarin and Thai training not knowing what I 'd get . As it turns out I 'm very impressed in both the quality of the training.While there may be others offering language training , you 'll be hard pressed to find such a great combo package.What I got was a small box with the following 11 CD ` sVocabulary Builder
 I used the Chinese and Korean for a couple of recent business trips . I did not work at it enough to know everything the software was teaching , but what I did lean impressed my hosts . I think that was my goal . It shows an interest in another language that helps make a good impression in a foreign land.With a little modification to the config.txt file you can copy the disc to your hard drive and leave the CD at home .
 i really liked the idea of all of the asian languages in this packet . and the games are very fun and helpful , and you can hear how things are `` supposed '' to be pronounced as well . its a great way to learn i feel.the only negative thing i would have to say about this program , was that none of the `` talk now '' cds worked on my computer for some reason , all the others did though -LRB- -LRB- i have a windows vista -RRB- -RRB- . and it shows how things would be `` written '' in that language , and in romanized form to help you to know how to pronounce it , which is really great , but i wish there was something to help you learn the alphabet/the pronunciations for one letter .
 This software is so cool ! I love learning these languages . Thai and Chinese are hard to learn , but I really love Korean and Japanese . This software is very good for people who are interesteed about the Asin languages , culture , or planning a trip to any of the countries in Asia .
 Designed to facilitate communication and ease language transition while on foreign assignments , the Instant Immersion Asia Deployment Pack is one-stop multilingual learning on CD-ROM . Designed specifically for personnel deployed to facilities in and around Vietnam , the Philippines , Seoul , Bangkok , Japan , and China , the Pack offers grounded , progressive software instruction in 6 Asian languages.INCLUDES : Mandarin Chinese - The main dialect of Taiwan and the People 's Republic of China ; it is also one of the 4 official languages of Singapore , and the world 's most widely-spoken languageJapanese - Spoken by more than 99 % of Japan 's population , and the 6th most spoken language in the worldKorean - The predominant tongue of North and South Korea , with significant speaker populations in the People 's Republic of ChinaVietnamese - The national and official language of Vietnam , and the mother tongue of 87 % of its populationThai - The main language of Bangkok and regions of Thailand 's Central PlainTagalog - One of the major languages of the Philippines , especially metropolitan Manila and other regions of LuzonOperating Systems : Windows 98/2000/ME / XPMac OS 9 or X
 My son learned to read with this software at age 4 ! He loved using it & we were surprised at how fast he learned . He loved to play the games & was learning , too ! The characters are fun , but the software can be a little slow sometimes -- clicking the mouse usually speeds it up & helps move it along . I would recommend this one !
 This program does the simple things that I need for my photo editing . It cost much less than other products and does the job ! I recommend it!I had to go and reset my preferences as every picture that I want to open is opened with PSP-x and it is not immediate like Microsoft picture manager .
 This is one of the best test prep software packages I have ever used . The lessons and practice tests were especially helpful for me . It 's just like having a personal instructor with you as you study for the exam -LRB- except it costs a whole lot less -RRB- .
 At first , I was upset . John Patrick is offensive and sometimes down-right rude , but after I watched his DVD I realized he 's being honest . He does n't sugar-coat the odds , and tell you `` you 're gon na be rich . '' He give the facts to you , straight , and teaches why his strategies work . This way you can adapt and mold his stategies to fit your ideas and preferences . After watching that first DVD , I could see how much knowledge John had , and I 've been purchasing his DVD 's since .
 I 've been a user of Quicken 2001 and this year decided to upgrade . After reading all of the negative reviews on here , I decided to first try MSN Money 2004 . It works great , but I was n't as comfortable with the way things are presented , so decided to also try Quicken 2004 Deluxe . Here are a few thoughts on the two programs :1 . Presentation-wise , I like Quicken better . On the view pages , boxes are lined up with each other , while Money just positions them as there is room . I also like Quicken 's graphs and charts a little more , and the fact that Quicken 's options allow you to see your net worth on the first page , while Money just shows account values on the first page so you have to click to another screen to see your net worth -RRB- .2 . On investments , I think Money gives you a lot more information , including information about your best and worst performing investments , etc. 3 . I think Money also has a bunch more features than Quicken might , and you get a lot of free options like MSN bill pay , free subscription to Money Magazine , etc.All said , I think either program is a decent choice . After using Quicken for 3 years , I think I 'm just a little more partial to Quicken just because it 's more what I 'm used to . Otherwise , Money I think gives you more bang for the buck.Just to let you all know , I have n't had any bug issues with either program . Not sure if the other posters screwed things up on their own or just got early versions of the software that were buggy , but things have been smooth with respect to both programs . I also have n't experienced a bombardment of advertisements as some users are reporting .
 Like some of the other reviewers here , I have used Quicken for a number of years . This is my first upgrade in three years , and overall I am satisfied . Some of the things that others have complained about are simply not true , at least in my experience
 I have been using Quicken since the days of DOS . I have upgraded almost every year . Therefore , I feel like I need to tell my Quicken story . Quicken 2004 Deluxe is the best software I have ever used . Never have gotten any error messages , hard drive has not crashed , nor have I lost any data . I will continue to upgrade each year as I have done in the past . So there , that is my 2 cents worth .
 The makers of Quicken software may be playing dirty by MAKING their users , who download information from their banks , upgrade to Quicken 2004 , but the product is good and up to the quality of past versions . I upgraded from Quicken 2001 with no difficulties . The first look is quite foreign , but by doing usual fuctions , I see ways to adjust things to my old way of doing things . Already , -LRB- less than 24hrs -RRB- I 'm liking some of the new features . By bad-mouthing a good product , people who have to upgrade , are hesitant to buy . I did n't like being forced to upgrade , but perhaps it was necessary because of internet or banking upgrades . Sometimes change is good .
 I use Quicken for all my financial needs . I use it for my personal finances , my volunteer projects , my child 's competitive baseball team , and a Home Owners Association ! I do n't know what I 'd do without it.The `` Easy Reports '' are a lifesaver to see who has or has not paid monthly dues , annual dues , or just check on my budget . I do n't leave home without my backup , just in case something would happen to my PC . It probably sounds silly , but I use Quicken to keep up with just about everything , including who fixed the kitchen sink !!! I love the check printing feature !
 This is really a great product . Although many users say that they do not have an Online support , and just charge $ 1.95 per minute of support , lem me tell you that they also have a Free Live chat support , 7 days a week , where you can chat with a live tech support rep. Also , any bugs , if there are , are being constantly fixed , so I guess you will lose out on a great product if you do not buy this one and upgrade .
 Here 's the scoop : Installation was quick and easy . It unistalled my old version and converted data without a single problem.Registration did force me to create a Quicken.com account -LRB- at least I did n't find a way to bypass it -RRB- but it does not force you to upload data or account information there . Just create a dummy account and forget about it if you do n't want to access your accounts from Quicken.com.It did put a couple of Icons on my desktop that are links to quicken websites and services . Just right click and delete . gone . period . Most software packages put some icons on the desktop . Annoying and common but easily taken care of.The interface is clean and easy to read and use . I was using Quicken 2001 previously and it only took a few minutes to get used to the new interface . There are no banner ads or advertising on the interface and it 's easy to customize and resize.There are no hidden folders or spyware installed . I 've run several spyware programs , searched for suspicious services and folders and found none.Not sure why there are so many negative reviews . Maybe some people are still upset with the copyright protection fiasco with Turbo Tax last year .
 I had been using Quicken 2000 for the past few years and decided to upgrade to the 2004 verion . It is a definite improvemnt and runs much faster than my old 2000 . I did not have the negative experiences that others have reported . Overall I am pleased with this product .
 I do not normally write reviews but I believe the Quicken reviews on Amazon are unfair and I am compelled to respond.I have been using Quicken since I started with Quicken 1998 . After reading the reviews of the Quicken products on Amazon , I was turned off and waited until support expired on my current version to buy the latest release.I finally broke down and purchased Quicken 2004 in March.I must say I think Quicken 2004 is great piece of software . I loved Quicken 1998 and the newer version is even better . The integration with the internet is excellent . I am able to keep track of a ton of financial details with little effort . I do not leverage the full suite of Quicken functionality , but it has been able to handle everything I want to do.There are some annoyances
 I was using Quicken 2002 Deluxe . I did n't upgrade to the 2003 version , because I read there was n't any improvements . There are not any real big improvements in 2004 either.I was a little worried after reading all of these negative reviews . So far ... I have n't had ANY of the problems any one has mentioned here . But ... I did do my upgrade differently.First ... I made a back-up of my current data.Second ... I deleted my previous version , COMPLETLY ! After the Windows uninstall procedure , I then deleted all Intuit and Quicken folders I could find.Third ... Reboot the computer.Fourth ... Shut-down all running programs.I will NOT put another Micro $ oft product on my computer.Yes ... I am sure Intuit will release a patch , as they have always done for all of their products.Come to think of it ... I think 99 % of all software products have patches and updates .
 After reading all the negative reviews of Quicken 2004 , it was with much reservation that I finally ordered and installed this package . But after the advisories from banks and brokerages that confirmed that the days of my Quicken 2000 were numbered , I succumbed to the inevitability of an upgrade . -LRB- But not until I first tried to go the Money 2004 route with a trial version . But I found that Money was not able to successfully convert my Quicken files-rendering Money useless . -RRB- The Q '04 Deluxe install went without a hitch and three and a half years of Quicken data was successfully converted to Q2004 . -LRB- One of the first things I did was download the R5 upgrade to the purchased level . -RRB- Yes , the screen layouts are different , but I found it easy to re-orient . And I found them more useful and informative . With this latest version , I have finally been able to automate updates to 2 IRAs , 2 401-Ks , 2 credit unions and a bank with single keystroke -LRB- well , almost-one bank requires a small bit of manual intervention -RRB- . I 've been using Q2004 for about 4 weeks . I 'm still discovering some of the useful features beyond what I 'd seen in Q2000 . Net is that so far , my experience with Quicken '04 has been very positive and I 'm happy with the upgrade . For whatever reasons , I 'm just not seeing the problems -LRB- speed , on-line access , access to budget date , etc. -RRB- that I 've seen referenced . So I 'm thinking that there must be a silent majority of Quicken '04 users who are more or less satisfied that are not writing reviews . If that were not so , I suspect the Quicken folks would be have folded up their tents and the stores would be pulling it off the shelves . Could it be better-sure . For example , I 'd like a better way to map downloaded transactions to categories I 've defined . And I 'd like to automate the keystrokes required to get into some bank account that do n't allow for total automation . For reference , I run this on under WinXP Pro on a Toshiba laptop -LRB- 1.1 Ghz -RRB- with DLS connection to the internet and although I am an experienced PC user -LRB- and A + certified -RRB- , I found that getting Q '04 up and running was straightforward without drawing on any special training or knowledge other than perhaps my experience with Quicken 2000 . -LRB- I 'm not an Intuit bigot-in fact I prefer TaxCut to TurboTax . -RRB-
 I 'm thoroughly enjoying Quicken 2004 Deluxe . I purchased this even though I already had Quicken 2005 Deluxe because the 2004 version was the last one to support import of QIF files into the various accounts . This import works great for my credit card transactions as my credit card bank still provides QIF file versions since that format is in the public domain and is free . I will not be purchasing any other Intuit Quicken products since they changed the file type import supported to their proprietary OFX or QFX for which they can charge financial institutions to use and which only work for 3 years until they force you to upgrade to a newer Quicken version . Intuit has also made TurboTax virtually unusable for the visually impaired such as myself since they 've converted most presented text in that program to images which screen readers used by the visually impaired can not read .
 I ca n't understand the bad rap Quicken 2004 is getting here . I have used Quicken for almost 20 years and this upgrade was both smooth and easy . I really like the new look . More importantly , Quicken 2004 converted my 2001 information flawlessly , and I was up and running in just a few minutes . Sure , the opening screen is very different , but you have to expect that with an upgrade . It took a matter of minutes , not hours to become familiar with the new interface , and I really like many of the new one-click navigation features . I give it 4 stars ; the fifth star would have to be earned by the VP in charge of Intuit 's almost non-existent tech support staff . I said earlier I have been using Quicken for almost 20 years , but I gave up on its tech `` support '' more than 15 years ago . Too bad , the program itself deserves five stars .
 Been a Quicken user since 1990 , upgraded because of non support for Quicken 2000 . I live overseas but still do the majority of my banking and investments in the US - so online capability is key . I was a bit afraid to upgrade but this seemed to be the better option than Money . So far everything is great . I downloaded the software - backed up my data -LRB- twice -RRB- - let the installer uninstall , install , and convert the data - and it works great . Even automatically went to the Fidelity site and set up all the details of my 401k . I have to get used to the new GUI , but it seems to be fine for me thus far.Time will tell , but 4 stars for me so far .
 I 've used Quicken since 1996 and love it . I upgraded all my data from 2000 to 2004 and I have since entered transactions , reconciled some accounts , did an online update of data , looked over my portfolio , etc. , and have n't had the slightest trouble . My only complaint is that there are more ads in the product , but I also like the new account bar features better than the 2000 interface , so on balance I 'm happy.Don ' t listen to the complainers . I 'm suspicious about their true identities because the product is n't nearly as bad as these reviews say it is . I see no reason that a previous Quicken user will not like this version .
 I purchased Turbo tax Deluxe and Turbo Tax State and Quicken Deluxe 2004 . I had no problems with my Turbo tax federal or State Returns ... See my review on the Turbo tax product.I have been using Quicken 1999 Deluxe since 1999 and love it . I got the pop up that in 4/04 need to upgrade . So I went here and read all the negative press and almost ... almost was scared away . I went to Best Buy last night and bought all three programs . Figured with $ 30 back on Quicken I figure $ 10 was worth the risk.Had Quicken 1999 on this computer popped in the disc it asked to remove Q99 , I said sure , it left the computer , and the process began . *** Back up your old Quicken just to be safe !!!! ****** Registured ... no problem , it actually took my Turbo Tax registration , and completed it quick . I was entering my data with 20 minutes . Updated my stocks no problem.Problems I saw during my first hour.It will take a while to get used to the new layout . I 've been using Q99 for 5 years so not too fond of the new layout yet.On the investing part it left out Average price of stocks . I use dollar cost averaging purchasing so I 'll find away around it.backup took 5 discs instead of 2 , I 'm lucky I have a CDRW so that wo n't be a problem.All in all I am happy with the new version , and the conversion was a snap . So I believe there are Microsoft loyalist posting here , or people who have been using the software for free , or people who are up set about having to shell out $ 40.00 . I 'm sure I 'll come across some errors as I go through this as I did with Q99 , but for everything else that it does I 'll get over it.Regarding Tech Support ... I 've learned that they are all pretty much terrible . If you find good Tech Support somewhere ... anywhere please let me know .
 I 've used Quicken and TurboTax for several years and have never experienced a problem installing , using or updating their products . The Quicken software also syncs with PocketQuicken very nicely . I was surprised to see the bad ratings from other buyers about the 2004 version so I purchased it and it has worked very well , so far . I 've never known Intuit to have satisfactory customer service so if you are lacking in PC experience , you might end up being somewhat frustrated with them .
 Few problems so far , transfered my old Quicken data very wellProblems with internet connection -LRB- Walmart Connect -RRB- . No other problems yet .
 I use Quicken on my laptop and desktop , both of which use Windows XP professional . I 've had no problems whatsoever . Moreover , the program is PC Magazines Editor 's Choice -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- . I presume they have some idea of what they 're talking about . Therefore , it mystifies me that there are so many negative reviews here with only one star . How can the program be that bad ? Could it be that many of these reviews are written by people with an interest in boosting Microsoft Money sales ? - which , by the way , is also a good program .
 What is all the fuss about ? I installed Quicken Premier 2004 on my PII 450 computer from Quicken Deluxe 2002 with no problems and also on a AMD Athlon XP 2800 + from scratch . I have always loved Quicken and continue to think it 's the best . It 's a great product !!
 I am a long-time Quicken 98 user . The old one worked just fine , but the downloads will no longer be supported . After 5 years , that 's OK . So , despite all the bad reviews , I figured I would back up all my data and try out Quicken 2004 Deluxe . Lots of new features I do n't really care about , so I just ignore most of them . It has a new interface , it is a bit of a pain , but it works just fine . I 've now used it fairly extensively without any major problems - just a few things I do n't much care for.The only things that scare me about this new version is that it wants to connect online to all kinds of servers , including quicken.com and every institution . A little thinking about privacy and security makes this a bit worrysome .
 I have been a long-time Quicken user since the late 80 's . I have always been pleased with the product . It 's very efficient and straightforward.I was very unhappy to receive notice that my Quicken 2000 Deluxe edition would no longer be allowed to download transactions from my bank . I do n't use Quicken 's / Intuit 's online services . This was a forced upgrade , and the reasoning given was that Intuit no longer wanted to support the older versions . This upgrade was not necessary for me , and I have never used their support services . Intuit basically used their auto-update code to disable my product . Sure , I could still use the application , but I could not do online banking , could not download transactions , etc. . If this review was to rate Intuit 's customer service , I 'd give them 1 star at best.Since I was forced to upgrade , I came here to check out the reviews . Imagine my shock when I saw all the reviews saying the upgrade did n't work , corrupted data , etc.In my case , I give the upgrade 4 stars . My upgrade to Quicken 2004 Deluxe went almost perfectly . The only glitch was that my bank account on-line checking balance reported $ 94,289 . I wish . ;--RRB- But , after another download of transactions , the balance was updated , and I have experienced no further problems.I do prefer the interface in Quicken 2000 over 2004 . I do n't like the `` black and white '' register look of 2004 . I prefer the operation of the older product in some other areas , as well.I rarely write reviews , but I felt like I should write this review for other Quicken users forced to upgrade . Hopefully , your upgrade experience will be as painless as my upgrade was.For those of you who have never used Quicken , I 'd at least look at the competition . I do n't like companies like Intuit that force me to upgrade and shutdown a perfectly working product.JS
 This program was ideal to use on our old XP system . The new versions wo n't work on it and everything we neede is in this old version .
 This is probably the best program for personal banking management for those who do n't necessarily want to use it to trigger interaction with the bank . I use it to plan income and outgo and to double check what I am doing on my bank websites with electronic payments and deposits . It makes the monthly reconciliation a snap . For the money , it 's definitely worth it .
 I had Quicken 2004 that I downloaded some years ago . I got a new computer with Vista - Quicken 2004 half worked on Vista . Anyway in the process of switching back to XP on the new computer the Quicken program got corrupted and would n't work . I purchased this CD , installed it and it went and retrieved my saved data . . and there it was , good as new !
 I 've been a Quicken user since version 99 . I have never upgraded , but was forced to do so to maintain my ability to download transactions.I had Quicken Basic 99 , so went and bought Quicken Basic 2004 . Well , I use Quicken to track my investments and Basic is really just a glorified checkbook . I returned the Basic for the Deluxe . I first backed up my 99 data to a CD -LRB- x2 just in case data became corrupted and needed to reinstall 99 -RRB- . Then uninstalled Quicken 99 . I then installed Quicken Deluxe 2004 and restored data from the CD backup.Conversion took a while -LRB- maybe 20 minutes ... I was getting nervous after all I had read -RRB- . When I loaded it for the first time I was delighted . All accounts appear unharmed , my scheduled transactions remained , and everything is working as it should be.Getting my updates is also very easy.I am glad I made the upgrade -LRB- now that it is done and working well -RRB- , but am still angry that I was forced to make the change .
 I have used Quicken for about 5 years now . I opted to use Quicken Deluxe a couple years ago when I needed to use it on a more consistant basis . I have always liked the flow of the software and have gotten used to the `` upgrades '' Intuit has put into it . I have to say , after using 2002 for awhile now , 2004 is a lot different . However , I think this version is fine and I will get used to the changes in it . There are no pop-ups for Intuit products and I have n't run into any bugs . I would like to point out , I did n't upgrade from a my previous version . I made backups of my files and uninstalled all of 2002 -LRB- Windows Uninstaller and deleted directories -RRB- . When I installed 2004 it transfered all the old information into the new program and has worked fine .
 Being a long time user of Quicken -LRB- 98 version -RRB- , I figured it was time for an upgrade . However , after reading the reviews , I was not sure I wanted to update to Quicken 2004 . Downloaded the trial version of Money to try it out . Money would not convert my Quicken files and just quit so it was out of the question to use Money as it would not convert five years of data . Brought Quicken , backed up my files , shutdown Norton Antivirus which seems to cause trouble on any upgrade or software load , and turned Quicken loose with my fingers crossed . Quicken removed the 98 version and then converted my data files without any problems . I would recommend Quicken 2004 especially for previous Quicken users . For new users , the learning curve is somewhat steep but then most accounting programs are tough to learn . The old Quicken 98 stock update would not work on my new Windows XP machine but with DSL the new Quicken works like the stock market is on my computer . Not sure what the others did when loading Quicken but I did not have any problems .
 I have been running Quicken 2001 Deluxe since it came out . I hesitated to upgrade beyond this version as I was n't quite happy with the direction Intuit was taking the product . I tried 2002 but certain features that I thought were well implemented were changed and other ones that I believed needed some work were left untouched . For instance I liked the spread-sheet style budgeting tool in 2001 . But in 2002 it was changed to one that was more busy and harder to manage in my opinion . On the other hand , the Home Inventory feature has yet to be updated from the Windows 3.1 era.The other day , however , I was looking at laptop computers and saw Quicken 2004 installed on the system , so I decided to explore . Initially , I liked some of what I saw so I set out to investigated the software in more detail . Part of the research entailed looking at the reviews from other users . I was unprepared for such negativity . Anyway , I decided to try upgrading to 2004 Deluxe inspite of the plethora of warnings.First , I made a few copies of my 2001 files -LRB- drag-and-drop -RRB- and set them aside . Next , I uninstalled 2001 from my system , then did a clean install of 2004 . The installation was simple and without incident . Third , I installed Intuit 's patches to bring the software up-to-date . At that point I had a fully functioning version of Quicken 2004 up-and-running . I ran the program , at which point it searched my system for Quicken files . It brought up a dialogue box with a specific target file to update . I selected a different file - one that I had copied onto my desktop - and told the program to import the data . Voila ' ! The process was as painless as can be . I was pleasantly surprised to find that my data was completely intact with nary an error . So here 's the scoop.First , I like the graphical interface . It is much more pleasant than 2001 . Second , I like the way Intuit has streamlined the organization . There are three centers
 OK , so ... I was petrified by all the bad reviews , but I really had no choice but to upgrade from 2000 to 2004 . My bank does not support MS Money and changing to a new bank was not something I wanted to do . So , I purchased the Quicken 2004 DELUXE CD-ROM and so far it works fine . HERE IS WHAT EVERYONE IS MISSING
 I have used Quicken since 1997 and this is my third upgrade -LRB- 1999 , 2002 , 2004 -RRB- . Quicken never became a very useful program for me until after Intuit improved the program 's online automatic account updating , downloading and reconciling features . If you have an older version of Quicken before 2002 you may be in for a big change so make sure you test out the new program before fully upgrading . My experience is that Quicken 2004 installed and the 2002 data files updated to the new version easily and without any problems . After a few months of getting used to the look of the new interface I am finally extremely happy with the 2004 version compared to version 2002 . My main complaint now is that version 2004 lacks some extra options and features that I liked in version 2002 . I did not find certain ways to customize the interface that existed in 2002 like the ability to have separate colors for each account and being able to selectively turn off some of the program sounds without turning all the sounds off -LRB- for expample turning off only the program 's annoying opening tune -RRB- . The improvements I really like are the speed with which the program starts up -LRB- the 2004 program starts up very fast -RRB- , better program stability -LRB- version 2002 would lock up on me from time to time and 2004 has never locked up even once -RRB- , and there is an improved reliability of the internet account updating interface -LRB- 2002 would hang sometimes during the one step update and version 2004 works perfectly -RRB- . If you are upgrading from a version before 2002 you might be taken back by the changes in the look and feel of the newer Quicken interface so I would highly recommend you look at and test a sample of the program for a while before you completely migrate your files from your previous version . I can understand some of the other reviewer 's initial reactions to the changes in the look of version 2004 because I felt exactly the same way at first , but after months of using it I can say without a doubt now that I find the newer Quicken 2004 interface to be much more efficient , stable , and easier to navigate than any previous version I have used . I find myself spending far less time searching around in the program for the information I need and more of my time getting things done . Just for your information regarding this review I am using Windows XP Pro SP1 with all of the online updates installed . If Intuit had improved some of the program 's cumstomizable options I could easily be giving this new version a rating of five out of five stars.The number of negative reviews that have been made here on Amazon regarding the new Quicken 2004 has surprised me so much that I decided to add a few more comments . I have been using computers since the days of DOS 5.0 including Windows 3.0 , 3.1 , 3.11 , 95 , 98 , 98se , and now XP . I actually have done years of computer repair and technical support work on PCs in the past 15 years and I know when I see buggy and flawed software and from my three months of experience with the product when upgrading from version 2002 this is not buggy nor is it flawed as some reviewers have stated . I do not know the status of other reviewer 's machines but I do know that my computers also work as they should for the other programs that I install unless those programs have known flaws . I have a 1Ghz Pentium 3 notebook running XP Home Edition and an Athlon 2400 + CPU based desktop system running XP Pro . I was able to install Quicken 2004 Deluxe H&B ; on both machines without a single problem installing , updating , or migrating my version 2002 data . Let me repeat that I have had not a single problem with the new Quicken 2004 on either of my machines.As you should with any critical application program it is recommended that you back up all your data onto separate disks first and make sure you have your old Quicken version CD or disks in case for some reason you do n't like 2004 and want to re-install the old version if you do have major issues . From my experience after giving the program a few months of usage I really prefer the newest Quicken 2004 to my version 2002 . I find it to be the most stable and smoothest running version of Quicken that I have used and this is why I think it is strange that there have been so many negative reviews placed about a product for which I have not found any major problems with at all . I highly recommend you try the new Quicken 2004 after you back all your previous data up . You may find after some time adjusting to the new look and feel of the 2004 program that you actually like it .
 I almost got scared off by all the terrible , terrible reviews posted here . I 'm sure glad I did n't . This product is fine.I have been a Quicken user for about 10 years and was still using the 2000 product . While I was upset that Intuit decided to sunset the ability to download transactions from by brokerage account -LRB- as a fairly active trader that 's the main feature that I love -RRB- I quickly converted my files to the 2004 version and was navigating the very simple -LRB- although different looking -RRB- user interface , downloading , and processing transaction activity in just under an hour.All of the negative reviews posted here must surely be activity from Microsoft employees hoping to scare people into using Money.I bought this product for $ 14 from the used and new vendors on Amazon . For $ 14 , this is a very good product .
 I was quite leary after reading these reviews , but am very happy I upgraded to 2004 anyway . I am a CPA and use it for my personal finances . I 'm also quite confused by most of these reveiws and ca n't help but wonder if the majority are posted by a competitor or inexperienced users . I have n't had a chance to scour my restored data yet , but I have not found ANY indications of data corruption . However , I will say that many features have been significantly changed and it does take a little time and patience to become familiar with these changes so I can see why some may feel their data has been ` corrupted ' . Just take it slow at first , make periodic backups so you can easily restore if it seems that something ` is n't right ' and you 'll be fine . It is a good product and you should take these reviews with a grain of salt . I did have to call customer service for a refund of a downloaded copy -LRB- I did n't realize I could just unlock it for $ 10 less -RRB- and it went very smoothly . Other than that , I ca n't say anything about their service or tech support . I will be heading over to their site shortly to check for upgrades though ... : -RRB-
 Regarding all these negative online reviews , I just do n't get it . I do n't understand how this software could be as bad as some reviewers want you to think . For comparison purposes I would like to note that I am using Windows XP and I did an upgrade to Quicken 2004 from Quicken 2002 . I backed up my current quicken data on zip disk and loaded the Quicken 2004 CD . For me the upgrade went quickly and smoothly . -LRB- After backing up the current quicken data files users of pre-Windows XP OS might want to do a complete uninstall of their older Quicken first . You should also take a note of my other suggestions below -RRB- . After installing the new Quicken I ran all the online Quicken 2004 live program updates without a problem . The new Quicken did require that I confirm a creation of a Quicken online account which you do not have to use and you can simply choose not to upload any information to the online web account if you do not want to use it . My older Quicken 2002 data and online account information migrated fine . The new user interface is a departure from the older style but after a while you begin to like it much more than the older interface . It would be nice to have the option to customize the account colors as you could with previous versions but this is my only minor complaint . From my experience this past year I do n't see what all the major complaining is about that I read from some of the other reviewers.Financial programs are obviously very important and therefore to avoid any possible problems I would recommend several things to newer users who want to migrate to Quicken 2004 . First , if you are using an operating system other than Windows XP be aware that previous versions of Windows such as Windows 98 are not as good at uninstalling older versions of software which is what is needed to be done during most newer software program upgrades . You might want to consider upgrading to Windows XP or to a new computer with Winodws XP installed in the near future to avoid these problems if you have n't done so already . Secondly , make sure you have a copy of your current version of Quicken on CD so that if you do have problems you can re-install your older software if you really have to . Third , before you do anything securely back up your current Quicken data files to a reliable removable media source such as floppies , zip disk , USB flash memory drive , etc. because data files on your system hard drive could become corrupt or inaccessible if your computer system ever runs into problems of any kind . Finally , after installing or upgrading to Quicken 2004 run all the online internet updates for the Quicken software so that it can install its needed patches and upgrades which is a normal procedure for almost all modern software releases.I have upgraded to Quicken 2004 on my desktop computer running Windows XP Pro and on my notebook running Windows XP Home . Neither computer system had any problems at all and I actually find this version of Quicken to be the easiest to use , most trouble free , and best looking interface since I began using other Quicken versions over years ago . My favorite improvement to Quicken 2004 is the increased reliability of the internet account updates . Quicken 2002 used to crash all the time during internet account downloading or download error recovery and Quicken 2004 has been flawless for me .
 I 'm startled , frankly , by the poor reviews for this product . My wife and I fiddled around with floor plans using this software for a couple of years until we got it just the way we wanted , then took the printouts to a contractor . His guy drew it out to plans , and nine months later we had the home of our dreams . Typical of any unfamiliar software , it was a little confusing at first to figure out how to use the tools , but with a little practice , that became routine . Yeah , the roof thing is problematic , but that 's not what you should expect out of something for this price . We saved about $ 25K on the construction costs by not having to have an architect and are delighted to have designed our house ourselves .
 I am a long time user of 3D Home Architect and I have to say this version really impresses me . The new layout is much easier to work in and the tools available allowed me to redraw a house I had originally started in version 4 , in mere minutes . I wish I could post the rendering that I did with the software - so photo realistic that my wife had to look twice at it to realize I did it with the software . Broderbund listened to everything I wanted improved in this product and I must say I am definetly a loyal user now !
 I 'm adding a room to my home , and wanted to play around with some design ideas before contacting a professional . I 've tried a few cheap CAD applications and finally bit the bullet and purchased 3D Home Architect 6 . This software is by far the best I 've used . It 's helping to visualize exactly what I want , and teaching me a few things about architecture as well . On top of that - it 's fun ! -LRB- My wife is starting to think that she 's a ' 3D Home widow ' because it 's such a pleasure drafting with 3D Home Architect ... -RRB- This is a must for anyone serious about designing plans for their home .
 I 've read these reviews and some people love it and some people hate it . And I disagree with the person that uses it just to fool around with it , and said that anyone who would use this for a real life project is stupid . I have been using it for the past month in my spare time -LRB- which is n't very much with a 4 month old -RRB- , I have used it to draw a plan to renovate the first floor of our house . Sure , some things are a pain , like having to block views of walls , floors , etc. to move a chair or table , but overall , I think that if you really want to draw up a plan , this program is n't that bad . I 'm sure there are other programs out there that will do a better job , but for 80 bucks or whatever , you get what you pay for . If you really want to have a good program , plan on shelling out the 250-300 dollars for the better ones .
 I purchased this product to create a sunroom , porch , and backyard layout for an addition that I wanted built and found this tool to be very easy to learn with very few glitches . it was pretty quick to build my sunroom and back porch and within an hour I had a good representation of what I wanted . The landscaping took a little longer to figure out but in a short while I had trees , fences and landscaping to my liking.I had a little trouble with walking around and placing the camera tool but got it after some trial and error . Also the project estimator was not as specific as I would have liked but it was close enough.Once I got to the final visuals , it was slow to create the image but the quality was unlike anything I have ever seen.All in all it is a great product and I would definately recommend it for a home and garden project .
 I really have n't had any of the technical problems mentioned in these reviews , and I 've actually had a good experience with this version of 3DHA -LRB- I 've used 2 & 3 in past years -RRB- . At this point , I 've used this new version for a large Victorian house that will be used for scaled dollhouse plans . I 'm very pleased with the results . I particularly liked the plan trace feature , as my design was loosely based upon a historic floorplan.There are , however , some negative aspects to the package . The manual , although textbook-thick , offers very little insight into the features of the program that are n't already obvious in the application itself . There were a couple of times I had to figure out tricks like putting small partial walls on a level `` above '' my main roof to get gable windows in the attic -LRB- that will make sense if you have the program and want to add gable windows -RRB- . I was hoping to find tips and tricks like that , but the manual is basically just a brief description of every option on every menu in the program . Add a lack of any extra information online , and you really have to be pretty intuitive with software to pick it up.My major disappointment is related to the walkthrough mode and `` 3DTrueView '' rendering . The basic walkthrough is functional but does n't look much improved from old versions . I had the impression before purchasing the software that the walkthrough itself was in `` 3DTrueView , '' but this is not the case . Instead , you have to select a scene from the walkthrough to render , and it takes quite a while to do it at the highest quality . When it 's finally done , the rendering is just not that impressive . It 's nice to see where shadows fall and such , but I was hoping for a little more photo-realism . With all of the near photo-realistic 3D gaming engines available now , you 'd think they could incorporate something similar into an application like this in its sixth major release . I 'd really like to have the option to walk around the design on the floors rather than flying around through walls , and it would be nice to have the ability to do it in the fully rendered version.Still , I give it four stars -LRB- probably more like 3.5 , really -RRB- , because it 's definitely functional . I feel like it lives up to the majority of its promises and gets the job done , even though I feel like it could have become so much more .
 First , your not an architect . You use this software to get an idea of how your new house will look , and thats about all it is good for . Anyone thinking this is a good tool to generate house plans or even good costing estimates is sorely mislead.People complaing about the UI , but given that the target audience is not those technically inclined , it is difficult to design good , idiot proof controls and still offer power features . I think the controls could be tweaked better -LRB- some annoyances -RRB- , but I was able to generate a house plan quickly enough about 20 minutes out of the box without cracking the manual or launching the tutorial , which is always good.I think some people wanted ultimate control over where to place objects and rendering options , but come on , this is n't AutoCad . Placing mirrors and clocks on walls is not what this software is about , it is about laying out a floorplan to get some idea of your new house will look like , and to generate decent enough plans to give to an architect to do the real task of designing your house . In that respect , I think this is excellent software if your looking to design a home from scratch .
 Look , this is a really good product ... now , if you 're actually trying to use this product to actually build a REAL house in REAL LIFE , then you deserve all the troubles you get , and are frankly quite stupid . I just like this program because it 's fun to mess around with ... I really do n't really think the people that made this software actually intended some REAL archatecture to be as dumb to try to use a product like this to make a REAL house ... it 's more for models and those kind of purposes ... and I think it 's funny because after reading a few reviews , it 's the exact same users either : A. Repeating exactly the same thing they had in a later review , just so people will be able to see it.ORB . The same people either just trying to constantly say how good or how bad the program is.idk about you , but , it 's sort of dumb ... bottom line
 I 've seen some of the reviews on this forum . They range from very bad ones to excellent remarks . The last one from `` A Software used from Seattle '' is exagerated and obviously he did not take the time to read the manual . When you render a 3D image with the 3DTrueView option , the BMP file with this image is saved in the `` Samples '' Directory under `` Program Files/3D Home Architect/Design Suite Deluxe6/Samples '' . Also , if all you want is a snapshot of the 3D image on the screen , you can press the Alt key , hold it and press `` Print Screen '' on your keyboard , then you simply `` Edit-Paste '' the image into Word , excel , etc.Now to the review part : RESULTING IMAGEI 've used Punch AS3000 extensively , and while the rendering of shadows is much faster than with 3D Home Architect , AS3000 lacks the ray-tracing engine therefore can not render surfaces that reflect such as mirrors , glossy marble , etc.The resulting images from 3DHA Design Suite are VERY , VERY close to a photograph . The ones from AS3000 tend to look Dull because of the lack of reflective surface support.Also , 3DHA allows for many different views , 2D with textures , 3D from top view , real-time editing in 3D of the location of objects , etc.FLEXIBILITY OF THE TOOLSFirst of all , Punch 's software is VERY limited in the configuration of items such as Doors , Windows , Kitchen Cabinets , Fences , Stairs , and all pre-loaded objects in general .3 DHA has all the dimensions and features of each object available for change.Punch AS3000 offers a built-in 3D object editor but can not import popular industry-standard formats such as 3DS files , whereas 3DHA does , giving access to thousands of free objects available on the WEB.Textures are all pre-defined on Punch AS3000 , meaning you can not easily -LRB- without messing with file sizes , pixel counts , directories , etc. -RRB- add textures . On 3DHA you can add a texture from a BMP file with a few clicks and apply to object on the screen . Also , Objects have their surface groupings defined so you can for example , change the color of the wood of a Sofa without going leg-by-leg .3 DHA can also export to DXF AND 3DS , allowing your design to be used / rendered on industrial / professional level software . Punch AS3000 can only export to VRLM in 3D and to DXF on 2D . I sincerily believe 3DHA is a more professional software -LRB- actually it is a down-sized version of a professional package from CADSOFT -RRB- . This is to me the best VALUE for the $ 99 retail price.Marco .
 Posted Nov 4/04 - Currently 3D HA Design Suite is on sale for $ 49 by phone order direct from Broderbund ! This includes Home Design Deluxe 6 and Landscape Design Special Edition . I had mixed feeling about the purchase.For starters , I certainly did n't apprecaite the 8KB/sec download for the 160MB HA Design trail version . However I was pleased to find that this version is a big improvement over HA v3 ... and miles ahead of the Punch ! competition which I 've also tried and came away with the realization that this is a hodgepodge of programs cobbled together in a glittzy interface.That said , there are lots of areas that need improvements . I 'm concerned about the weird wall fragments and especially the potential database corruption . Also , I do n't understand why floors ca n't be added after the fact . It 's especially frustrating if a floor is lost if the room is `` opened '' due to removal of the aforementioned wall fragments . Even grabbing the floor to change properties is a chore . It sure would be nice if Bruderbund had their own user forums so that users could have a place to go for advice from other users . God knows the Bruderbund tech support is next to useless with their glib `` cookie cutter '' response to problems.I could come up with a long list of suggested improvements . Among them would be the ability to tab between layers , elevation views , and sections . Speaking of sections , why annotations and the like are mosstly disabled is a head-scratcher . That 's exactly where I 'd like to make notes and add additional graphics . Something like that would result in a framing view suitable for building permit approval . One other missing item is a property line tool that would allow me to place the structure -LRB- s -RRB- on the site , again required for building permit submission.In summary
 I found this software to be absolutely faultless . It does have the same drag around interfaces as before , which allows houses to be designed at lightning speed ; only your menu choices are not put into two menu systems which allow more comprehensive choices . Once you figure out to click the top row as before , and then choose your comprehensive choice on the right , as not before , then you are off and running.The programmers for this software are much better than the instruction book writers . For example , you can eliminate 98 % of the problems with this product by `` opening up '' outside walls and then `` closing '' them again to make floors that have disappeared reappear , and to make walls that are n't attached all the way up to the cathedral ceilings , all of a sudden attach themselves.The only drag around interface that seems to have been lost is that you can no longer resize windows in 3D mode by grabbing their edges , however , you can still click into them while in 3D mode and resize them , which is not quite as convenient as before . However , in return , you now have more options . You can now add skylights , curved walls , curved staircases and irregular windows.The program has also been enhanced to allow true construction details . If you want a beveled footing and an actual buildable foundation set to various heights , you can now have it.Furthermore , one of the most annoying features of the previous releases , which was having to set `` invisible '' walls to get staircase openings to appear in the second story floors -LRB- which always crashed the plans -RRB- has been revised and you can now simply draw in an opening into your floors.The 3D walk through is an absolute joy to use with the product and you can zip your view height up and down and walk around and zoom in and out with perfect ease.Having the ability to do true rendering , wherein the sun shines through the windows is my favorite new feature , as all good designs take into the account where the sun shines . For example , an awning over a south facing window will allow the sun to shine into the room in the winter when the sun is lower in the sky but block the sun in the summer when it is hot.I do n't much care if older plans can not be imported , as I am busy on new plans with curved staircases and skylights which were not possible before.Any roof can be made with this product . But you have to draw the roof on first , before you put in the interior partition walls , otherwise it will distort the automatic roof centerpoints , which are needed to change roof types which is annoying . But this is all due to their not well documented feature in which the roofs and floors automatically attach themselves to everything , which saves a lot of time . And you do have the option to draw your roofs `` out in space '' and then drag them into place to eliminate this automatic attachment feature . Therefore , just about any roof can be created , and easily at that.I suspect that the people experiencing crashes do not have updated computers . It works perfectly on a Pentium 4 - 3.00 GHz with 512K RAM .
 I have tested a lot of programs for house design , and this one is one of the easiest to use , it is remarkable that there a lot of functions missing like copy and paste objects in the usual way , but it have the duplicate option -LRB- what im talking here is that some standarization is missing -RRB- you canot change the attributes of multiple objects , so you need to change the color of every single piece of wall one by one.Apart from theese little interface details , the resulting images in 3d are very nice and realistic , the product is discontinued by the company which is now selling all the components separately , so there must be a limmited quantity of copies of this package remaining.To end my review let me say that between all the programs i tested i decided to buy this one and im happy with my choice
 If you love horses -LRB- and the Saddle Club -RRB- , you will love this game . It is a mixture of adventure and mystery and i recommend it highly . The overall plot of the game is good but the graphics need some improvment . The character 's faces looked somewhat deformed at times and there are a few glitches . It took quite a while for me to get the hang of this game but once i had , it was quite fun . I had alot of trouble when it came to the shipwreck mystery but i finally got the hang of it . I also had a few difficulties when i had to go into the mine . I had to get cheats of a cheat site because i just could n't find the right path ! Apart from that it was fun . You get to chose your main character -LRB- Stevie , Lisa or Carole -RRB- and what colour horse they ride . You can also groom , feed and muck out . There are also a few other activities you can do throughout the game like Pony Club , photo taking and butterfly catching . I think girls from the age of 10 + would enjoy this game .
 If you like horses and the Saddle Club , then this game would obviously attract you . I had a blast playing it , but it took a long time to play . Also , I had multiple problems starting the game at the beginning because my settings were n't set EXACTLY right . Sometimes the game freezes because you ride really fast or whatever . I really liked how you can pick any horse color , not that of the horse you are playing . What I do n't like so much is how big the island is and how long it takes to go from one place to another . It 's also a pain to have to go from one side of the island all the way to the other side of the island , and then back again ! Sometimes the clues send you in circles , too , but in all it was a pretty good game .
 Unlike the usual ` train your horse then try again and again to win the compition ' theme , you have to look for golden horses hoes so you can save the horse farm!The graphics are nice , and the horses are pretty . The cound it good and it sometimes changes with the terrain type . But I really dislike the faces . some of the charcters have see through eyeballs ! Other have eyelids that are stuck closed , even though you can tell when they try to blink.This game is hard , and should only be gotten for an older kid . The misters are confusing , and you really have to think.The whole game you keep a journal that you keep notes in like , who you have met , what you have done , what needs to be done , ect . It really helps you through . Jumping is a little trickey , you have to press spacebar Wayyy ahed of the time to really make the horse jump.There are games you play at the club -LRB- in the game -RRB- that are fun to do if you are stuck and have nothing to do . You can do those until you think of somthing to do !
 In this game , you are Stevie , Lisa , or Carole . You are staying at a farm where you
 I your a horse lover then you 'll love this game but the characters faces do look difformed and the game has alot of glitches.But you can catch butterflies , solve mysteries , do pony club , take care of your horse , and even jump logs along the trail.THIS GAMES ROCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!
 i love this game . i got the game because i love the tv show and movies :-RRB- this game does not dissapoint .
 This is a fun game with great graphics . You `` ride '' your horse across the island to different places to solve mysteries . I 've never played a game with graphics like this . You really feel like you are galloping across fields at times.I thought it was very hard to get used to at first and it was sometimes very frustrating . I got it because I loved the Saddle Club TV show . It was hard to get used to , and I probably would recommend it for someone around 9 or 10 years old or older.If you are looking for something really different to play , this is a very interesting horse game . I play others more often -LRB- Horse Farm and Champion Dream 's Time to Ride for example -RRB- but this one is truly and adventure.One hint
 This game was so much fun ! The plot is very good . I had to download a walkthrough to get past some challenges , but is a really great game and id give it 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 !
 I have two intel-macs both with Accordance installed and have had no problems with installation or running the software , including numerous add-ons , all of which run perfectly . This software is incredible . It all runs together seemlessly and is all interlinked . I bought the Library 7 Premier along with add-ons like the Timeline and Atlas . The Atlas is incredible , you have to see it to believe it . My pastor has LOGOS and I have compared the two and Accordance wins hands down - faster , more elegant , and the graphics resources are so much better you can hardly compare the two . I could go on and on , but you can download a demo to see for yourself .
 My eight year old is learning her times tables and she likes to practice on the program . It has games and a times table grid which she likes to fill out . She looks forward to the funny cartoons inbetween the games .
 I have to disagree with the previous review . I 've had Moviebox for a couple of week and have an analogue and DV camcorder plugged in , making DVDs easily -LRB- read my review on amazon.co.uk -RRB- . The only hassle is it renders fairly slowly , but the quality is great . Production of DVD menus could be a bit easier . Buy it , you wo n't regret it .
 It has a clean setup , clear instruction on which wires and connections go where . Labelled well and easy to use . Use it for years and good for capturing hold VHS tapes to computer and editing them with the included . Software .
 The software is very easy to use . Watch the Flash preview of Pinnacle Studio that 's posted here on this Amazon listing . It 's that easy . And a real gem that 's not mentioned is the sleek hardware unit that allows you to plug in analog or digital devices -LRB- say from VCRs , analog camcorders , digital camcorders -RRB- and transfer to your computer -LRB- advisable to have a firewire port -RRB- . The unit sits on your desk for easy access to plug in your peripherals and you run a firewire cable down to your computer . Great package !
 I bought this product hoping to edit my home movies and it was fairly easy and intuitive . I 'm happy I got it and I 'm sure I 'll be using it a lot more to start editing my movies and burning them to dvd .
 Found program very user friendly with many projects I will complete in minumum time and effort
 I am having great pleasure using our Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe 2006 . It 's very easy to use even if your a novice . I would highly recommend this product to your customers . If there is a downfall to this product , I would have like to have more music and sounds when putting an e-card together.I can hardly wait when the next version comes out and see if any changes.Thank you , Charles
 This is a good product . My only complant is that you have to adjust the wording on almost every card to print correctly ... maybe its user error ... otherwise I like it .
 This program does exactly as I expect . I am very pleased .
 I received this program right before Halloween . I was struggling with the program at first . I called tech support and they walked me through using the software . They were patient and helpful I am now making cards like a pro . Go Creative Home !!
 This product is excellent and I received it in a timely manner . Thanks for the good service !
 If you decide to buy a current greeting card program , there are really only two front-line choices
 The name `` Hallmark '' says it all . I 've had other greeting card programs -LRB- American Greetings -RRB- and this by far is better quality . Mabye because I 've had other programs , going through this one with the features and address book set up was a breeze . The selection of fonts and clipart is beyond comparison . I really like how easy it is to use and personalize.So much so , from now on I will only buy Hallmark greeting card software . I really like making my own personalized greeting cards , and for sure family and friends like that personalized touch . I will not buy anymore cards from the store , with maybe the exception of Christmas cards , maybe . Who knows , the year 2006 is upon us and it might be a Hallmark Christmas.And as always , Amazon is the best place to shop online . Time and time again I find myself on this great site ordering the best they have to offer with the best deals . Keep up the good work !!!!
 I had a much earlier version of Hallmark Card Studio and really liked it . I think this new version -LRB- Deluxe 2006 -RRB- is even better . This program is so easy to use and yet able to create some beautiful cards . My favorite part of the program is the Event Planner . The reminders are wonderful . I have n't missed a lecture , appointment , or any other time commitment since loading this program . I love the fact that I can set reminders for days and days ahead . Get this set for yourself and do n't be afraid to get it for someone who is not too computer savvy . It should satisfy any user .
 I had a very old version of Hallmark Studio , do n't even remember how old . Wanted to update . I installed the program and was absolutely amazed and very happy with this product and features . Lots of cards to choose from , very very pretty colors . The event planner is great too ! The ONLY thing I would change is the ability change font in the planner , and move written info by tabbing . Otherwise it 's a wonderful program . Highly recommended !! Satisfied
 Have had this software for a week . It is the greatest . Easy to install and does everything it says it does . Not being computer savy I am amazed what I have been able to do with it . It is the best card making software I have used . The other project portion is fun to work with .
 The Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe 2006 -LSB- old version -RSB- is a lot of product for the money . There is so many cards , for so little money . We use it a lot . everytime I use it I ca n't believe it cost so little . Thank 's so much . Jerry
 I love this product . I bought it to update an ever older version - I notice this says ` old version ' , but the one I had before this one was even older . Runs well , lots of creative ideas . Installed on Windows 7 without a hitch .
 This product is the best and easiest to use to make cards of any type . Love using it when I need a card in a hurry or anytime ... Thank you .
 I am really enjoying this software . Finding it fairly easy to use and enjoy having the ability to send Email cards with music attached .
 I have used this program for some time now and am quite happy with its performance and ease of use . I purchased this one as a gift for a friend who admired mine .
 I bought this software as a gift for my wife . A smart buy ! If you or any friend enjoys making their own greeting cards , buy this . It 's great ! -- Kennth Whitman
 Bought this as a gift after acquiring one myself and have since purchased the 2007 deluxe card studio . Both make great cards that every body enjoys getting as well as many other projects available .
 I buy a lot of cards and they are always Hallmartk because I there quality is wonderful . The kit is of the same high quality . It also lets you personalize them with your own text and your own pictures . It was one of the best things I ever bought and I know I well use it a lot .
 I am very happy that I purchased the Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe 2006 program . I mainly make greeting cards and having the ability to send the card as an ecard is great , especially with postage increasing soon . I will now use the program to make more cards than I usually have done in the past . I like the ability to change the card format from quarter fold to half fold before you print the card . The ease of printing an envelope is a plus also . This program also has the feature of picking the type of card that you want , funny , sentimental etc and that helps to limit what cards you have to choose from instead of looking at all the cards in a category . My family is very happy with this purchase .
 I 've been using Print Shop for the past 4 years for cards , calendars and digital scrapbooking . When I found this Hallmark software , I was shocked at how much easier it was to use and how much better selection of cards there were . Its perfect for digital scrapbooking -- you can use their already made scrapbook pages , or if you want to put more than 2 or 3 photos on a page , you can make your own . You do n't need to insert a disk for clipart -LRB- like PrintShop -RRB- . There 's also a great Event Planner that allows you to enter birthdays , anniversaries ... etc. and provide reminders . You can email personalized cards too . This software is much , much better than any I 've tried .
 I am very happy with the program . This program has a nice selection of cards . I like the fact that I am able to Email cards with this program . I also like not having to insert a cd each time I use the program . It is installed on the computer and I just to click on the icon to bring it up .
 easy to install , good customer service from the toll free number and easy to use.better than older versions
 Before I purchased this program I had a few questions about it . I called Creative Home 's technical support line . A friendly and patient young man answered all my questions . I was very glad that I could use the data in my older event planner in the new version.I love the new version of Card Studio that I recently received in the mail . I think it is a great step forward for this line of software . I would recommend this version above all previous release . Hope you have some fun with it !!
 This is the best card program I have purchased in a while.I espicially like being able to make cards with sound to send in email . I have had a lot of fun with that.The scrapbook pages in projects is fun to work with also.I 'm still finding new things I can do with this program.I 'm very satisfied !
 This program works really great and is very easy to learn and understand . Has many different pre-selected templates for cards , but you can create your own card from scratch . I look forward to upgrading in the years to come . Really worth the money !!
 I am enjoying this new card shop they have refreshing great cards others do not . My friends and family that I have made cards for think they are the best also . Keep making more and more . Thanks
 We have an older version of this software and decided to purchase the 2006 version . We have used and enjoyed both of these products . They are easy to use and everyone seems to be impressed by the fact that they get a personalized greeting card . We would recommed Hallmark Card Studio to everyone that is a computer user . Thanks again for a great product !
 I love the new option of sending a card that I personally made through email ! This software is SO easy to use and makes quality cards for every occasion .
 This edition of Card Studio is the best one yet for ease of use and variety of cards and art studio icons . I am more than satisfied
 I am a computer dummy ! I was n't able to download and use this software on my own . I telephoned tech support in desperation -LRB- I was on a time crunch to get some cards done -RRB- . This sweet young man stayed on the phone with me while I downloaded it and created my first card . Now , I have no problem flying through it on my own . This is a good program
 I honestly have to say that this is one REALLY neat program . It 's my first time every using a card maker studio , so there might be more `` awesome '' programs out there , but this one is definitely worth the money to me =o-RRB- My sister got it for me as a b-day present because I wanted it , but I was n't sure how well I 'd like it based on negative reviews . However , I do n't think there is anything I feel the need to complain about . It 's pretty simple to where I do n't even have to read the `` HELP '' areas * lol * Just make sure that when you do the installation , you select the FULL program to install because not selecting it might disable your ability to use some of the features . . which is something some people complained about . Also , make sure you set up your printer properties the way it asks you to because if you do n't , then you will obviously have cards print out the wrong way * lol * This is all common sense stuff = o -RRB- BOTTOM LINE
 Nice selection of cards . Only one minor complaint - you must you special arrow buttons to move a text box , no way to reposition text with the mouse .
 This program is very easy to use and the projects are beautiful.Installation is self explanatory . This also goes for the prepararation of cards ect.Detailed instructions apear at each step at the top of the window as the user moves his her mouse-pointer over various portions of the graphics.If you are looking for an easy to use program with great results , this is the one to get . With the cost of cards being what it is , this program will pay for itself very quickly . Relatives will like the fact that they are getting greetings which have been personalized . I recommend this program highly .
 Purchased for my mom to use and she loves it . She says it is easy to use and she really enjoys making personalized cards for people . If she 's happy with it , so am I !
 I 've really enjoyed this software . The menus are easy to navigate and have loads of different cards for every occasion . Customizing the second page of the card is easy . I 've already used it for customized thank you notes , kid 's birthdays , and teacher notes . I have n't tried loading pictures in yet , but that looks relatively simple . The program has lots of features I did n't expect - like calendar that interfaces with other software .
 I have been using this program to make cards for over four years now . . still able to find what I want on this program . But I recently updated to the 2011 Hallmark card studio ... but I will still keep the 2006 on my computer .
 Hallmark Card Studio 2006 is an awesome software . It 's user friendly and offers many different options for customizing your projects . I would recommend this software for every member of the family . A joy to use ! A + + +
 I HAVE SEEN THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS AND I JUST DON `` T GET IT . WE HAVE BEEN USING IT FOR WELL OVER A YEAR AND IT HAS NEVER FAILED TO HAVE A GREAT CARD FOR ANY OCCASION.I JUST RE INSTALLED IT ON MY COMPUTER WITH A NEWLY INSTALLED XP SYSTEM AND THAT REMINDED ME HOW GOOD IT WAS AND DECIDED TO LET YOU KNOW.I LOVE THE 1/4 FOLD FEATURE .
 I ran across an internet review of HCS 2007 . The reviewer said that the rights had been sold in 2006 and that the new owners had pretty much trashed the user interface . I do n't KNOW that for sure , but what I DO know is that the 2006 version is great , like that reviewer said it was . The interface is well organized , intuitive , clear , and just plain designed with common sense . I was printing a nice card in less than 3 minutes - no lie ... . AND it runs ENTIRELY on your hard drive - no CD required . That alone easily recommends it .
 I was really impressed with this version of Hallmark Card Studio . It is really easy to use , and they have alot of cards to choose from . It is one of the best programs I have used . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Works great . Like printing options . Would like to be able to change graphics beyond clip art .
 I think this program is fantastic.I have used it many times so far and have gotten many great compliments .
 I have the older version which was great but does n't seem to work on WIN XP . Both do a great job especially when you need an emergency card . 2006 edition has a great added feature of being able to choose the size format for your card , big plus . The graphics are nice and there are many choices . It 's a good deal at the price .
 Once again Hallmark managed to improve on an already magnificent product . It has really helped in my greeting card mass mailing . It runs quickly and efficiently . Creating your own cards is diffidently the way of the future
 EASY TO MAKE COOL CARDS ... A +
 I have had great success creating cards with the 2006 version of Card Studio . I love that this software makes creating personalized greeting cards so fun and easy to make . My grand kids love receiving cards with there name printed on them.The only issue I had was during the downloading . I received an error that prevented me from putting it on my computer . I called Tech support immediately . It turns out I did not have the latest Windows installer -LRB- I found out that I have never updated my computer ... ever -RRB- . After updating my Windows XP it loaded just fine and I have been printing cards ever since .
 I make all my own cards and save lots of money . They are genuine Hallmark cards you find in the store . Everyone in my family comments how much they love the cards especially because I personlize them .
 I have used the Hallmark Card Studio software for 6 or 7 years and the 2006 version is superior to the 2004 version . I like having fresh cards to choose from every year or two .
 I have used this line of software for just shy of a decade . This latest addition to the line reminds me of why I am a loyal hallmark customer . This is a solid card making tool ! Card studio avoids the trend of overly complicating this application . It is simple enough for a child to use and powerful enough for the biggest card aficionado
 I have been using hallmark software for over 5 years now . I got the new version over the weekend and could not praise it more . This is by far the greatest version yet .
 My old hallmark program did n't work in the new computer so naturally I went with the same - hallmark since I had so much luck with it in the past -- this one is great . I 've made cards from a blank importing sayings , pictures , emails with sounds from races . It takes a little time to figure out but I 'm not that great with computers & am glad I did n't review the negative comments because they would have scared me off & I have been very happy with this purchase . Maybe it should have gotten 5 stars from me , but I feel nothing is perfect so I would have given it a 4.9 stars if they had it . A little time and anyone can have fun with it & do so much . When I could n't find a card for a certain grandkid , I made it from scratch & it turned out great importing pictures & putting sayings on different places in the card . Great Job Hallmark !
 I 've been an avid Card Studio user for ages , and the software just keeps getting better . I just got the 2006 version yesterday -LRB- thank you , Amazon ! -RRB- , and it 's even better than the 2005 . It 's easier to use and navigate , and it seems a lot faster in some important areas . Also of note , there are lots of new categories of cards - everything is covered , any event or occasion - and lots of new cards . The new cards are even higher quality and more contemporary , hipper than last year 's . I had a small issue installing the new version over the old one -LRB- turns out it was n't the fault of Hallmark Card Studio -RRB- , but the technician I spoke to managed to resolve the issue in under 60 seconds . Literally . They answered the phone right away -LRB- no holding -RRB- and were cheery and helpful . Way to go , Hallmark !!!
 I am very pleased with this purchase . I 've been buying greeting card programs since 1995 and the ones I 've used look like they were designed by little kids . I was actually embarrassed when I mailed them out.This version is excellent and the cards look professional.I recommend it as a good purchase .
 I had been using American Greeting software and I found the initial use of Hallmark taking a lot more time to find and create a card . However , even though it is not as user friendly , I would rate this a 4 out of 5 as the cards are very attractive and the messages much more sincere or funny . I also like the ability to create curved writing . The changing of text in curved writing is difficult however . For the most part this is a wonderful addition to my computer .
 Very easy to use and provides a very wide range of cards and other items . Excellent product.Dave
 I love the product and ease of using it . The only thing that disappointed me was a lack of more up to date cards . Was well worth the price however , and I would definitely purchase it again .
 I am very happy with the Hallmark Card Studio Program . I have an older copy of Hallmark Cards that has always been my favorite graphics program , and this one is even better .
 I love Hallmark Card Studio software . My family and friends always look forward to the customized cards . It 's easy to use and each version has more options & features .
 has plenty of space . co-workers ask me where i bought it . good quality . looks like it will last a long time .
 I ORDERED THIS BAG AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY GRAND DAUGHTER WHO WILL BE ATTENDING COLLEGE NEXT FALL . I ALSO PURCHASED A 17 INCH TOSHIBA LAPTOP . THE BAG ARRIVED TODAY . FIRST , THIS BAG ARRIVED ON THE EXACT DAY THAT THE SELLER INDICATED . ON INSPECTION , THIS BAG LOOKS LIKE JUST THE RIGHT FOR HER WITH LOTS OF ROOM FOR THE EXTRAS LIKE CORDS . I ALSO LIKE THE VELCRO STRAP TO HOLD THE LAPTOP IN PLACE . IT SEEMS TO BE FAIRLY WELL PADDED WITH STRONG ZIPPERS AND SHOULDER STRAP . THERE IS A LARGE POCKET IN THE MAIN COMPARTMENT FOR PAPERS , AS WELL AS A LARGE POCKET OUTSIDE FOR HOLDING PAPERS / FOLDERS , ETC. . THERE IS ANOTHER FRONT OUTSIDE POCKET FOR EXTRAS . I AGREE WITH THE OTHER REVIEWERS THAT THIS IS A GREAT BAG FOR THE PRICE . MY GRAND DAUGHTER WILL BE HAPPILY SURPRISED ON CHRISTMAS MORNING ! NOTE
 I bought this item for my grandaughter that started college . She had just gotten a new laptop computer that was a large one -LRB- 17.3 in . -RRB- and needed a case to protect and carry everything needed for class . So far , this has fit the bill exactly . Great product at a great price .
 Good choice.Will do it again.Like the secure straps inside . Pocket on the outside has great space.I recoment it.Get it now .
 I purchased this case because of price and shipping . I was a little concerned with only two posted reviews . The case is as well made , and of equal quality material as any I have been looking at . and priced less . I also feel it will provide enough protection for my needs . But what really has me writing this review is that the case will accomadate my HP 17.3 Pavillion with the Targus lap chill mat under it . There is an outside pouch that easily handles the power cords , other cords , shoulder strap , and spare battery . And still has additional slots and holders . So for me this was a great deal .
 This is a no thrill lap top case , does what its design to do . Its well worth the price .
 Arrived a lot earlier than stated , very happy because purchased for a gift and it arrived in time . Great laptop bag for the money half the cost of my intuit bag and its only a 15 '' and not the 17 '' . Same basic features lots of extra pouches and storage pockets , at this price I would recommend to everyone who is looking for one .
 Came just as advertised , fast , and on time ! Fit my HP G71 Laptop perfectly and has room for the charger in one of the pockets .
 this is a great item , plenty of room for extras.i have not found any problems with mine has shoulder strap 's well as carrying handles like it so much i went back and ordered one for my sister as she wanted mine also got the item quicker than expected
 My husband has been using the same briefcase for over 10 years . While it 's not falling apart , it is showing wear . I wanted to get him the exact same thing , but Land 's End does n't make it anymore . It took a couple of years to find what I was looking for , or as close as I could get . He was very happy with it ... but is still going to hang onto his old Land 's End case . : -RRB-
 This bag fits my wide screen computer and I can put my cord and mouse inside . Has security straps inside as well as extra spaces and two pockets on the outside . Has a shoulder strap that can be used or stored . Excellent quality and price .
 very nice had all the compartments i needed.cant beat it for the price . i was so happy when i got it just wish i could put a ock on it tho . but other then that its awesome . .
 This is an awesome game for train lovers of all ages . It starts of with simple tasks , memory games , and thinking puzzles . The difficulty increases and becomes more challenging , even for adults . There are jobs to build your own train yard , deliver freight to their destinations , or to keep the train from crashing . There 's math puzzles , sorting skills , and even some alien invaders . This is MUCH better than Lego 's Loco .
 Bulid your own railroad through mountain country , tunnels and rivers . Steam trains with real sound and whistle sound effects , also diedels with carriages and differnt rolling stock . You control your railway and manage it move your trains around and maintain your tracks and rolling stock .
 I have n't seen a program that 's more fun for a train buff than this one . I have n't hit the big time with it yet , but I ca n't get over the simplicity of use and the graphics it has . I 'm amazed at how complete it is and find new things to enjoy each time I start it up .
 I 've played with trains , train sims , and even fixed Lionel trains once or twice , and I can say how wonderful this game is to me ! It has wonderful train music , and 3D sound , 10 worlds from a regular living room to a fantasy land , and the models in this game look just like the real ones ! There are over 80 + puzzles from super-duper easy to brain-twisting hard ! There are EVEN cheat codes if you just ca n't solve the puzzle . I surely reccommend this game to everyone ! I LOVE it and you should too !
 My little boy loves trains . When I came upon the Traintown Deluxe CD I thought I 'd give it a try . He loved it . And now at 5 he still plays the CD and has truly excelled at the different levels . I reccommend this CD for any train enthusiast at any age . Its the best money I 've spent on a CD game in a long time .
 I have just read the reviews on Stopzilla . Most of them low . My input is , that I have used Stopzilla for about 15 years and I can not say enough good things about it . I have never had any problems with it in all of the time I have used it . And it has saved my bacon several times from viruses.Don ' t try and install it with Norton , because it dose n't like to share with Norton . Also shut the Firewall off when installing it . I think most people create thier own problems when installing it.I rate Stopzilla wit 5 + + + + + + + + + + + Bill
 I love this product , it blocks spywares,adwares,pop-ups and many other things that can damage your computer , i like it so much that i have lifetime subscribtion ... P.S the only thing that anybody could call NEGATIVE about it is that , whenever you recover your computer or uninstall software from the computer you have to call customer service to use it again < but remember it is for your own safty ... >
 I recently started this program and have had great success . It is easy to navigate , and provides several helpful tools to help you achieve your language goals . It comes with a basic version of another program , Before You Know It , also by Transparent Language , that is INCREDIBLE . This is where I started because it allows you to work on single words and phrases until you know them cold . Then , you can progress to the activities in Learn Irish Now , which are a little more intermediate and advanced . In this part of the program , there are several `` environments '' you can learn in , each involving sentences and paragraphs.One of my favorite features is the pronunciation guide . You can listen to the example , then record your voice and compare it -LRB- even in slow motion -RRB- to the recording . It rates you on your pronunciation , too.I also found the reference section extremely helpful . There are several topics resembling class notes from language classes that are very helpful when learning basic pronunciation and grammar rules . I found it easier to understand why the confusing mix of vowels and consonants were strung together after understanding the basics.The only thing that was disappointing with this program was that the Before You Know It portion was only a `` lite '' edition , and somewhat limited . I downloaded the deluxe edition from the website and it was amazing . With the deluxe version , you get several more lists -LRB- many of which help explain to people that you are just learning the language ! -RRB- and the pronunciation guide for the flashcards , as well as the immersion programs.Overall a great buy . Worth the money if you are serious about learning Irish Gaelic .
 QuikSync was the easiest application to set up for my Windows Me system . It bailed me out a few times when I accidently re-saved over a file losing the original . Nicely priced
 If you want to back-up your files on an Iomega product , this is a must have program .
 I have searched locally for this item and was unable to find it . I did a broad search using MSN and found it here . I was so pleased with the items and with the speed at which they came . I would definitely recomend this retailer and their items for sale : -RRB-
 This product compares right to the CD Writer from HP . Burning is very easy with this propduct . Good for the money , also
 This product compares right to the CD Writer from HP . Burning is very easy with this propduct . Good for the money , also
 Flash 5.0 combined with Generator is groundbreaking territory for any web developer who wants to create a web presence for a business that is easily changable . You can use flash 's familiar interface with generator to create switchable content . Then the client only has to type in a few words , drag the new graphic/object onto the desktop and presto the image can appear on the businesses web site.One of the best products on the market . Get yours today !!!
 My copy of the Norton Utilities 2001 -LRB- NU2001 -RRB- software installed automatically and easily from its CD . -LRB- I 'm running Windows 98 on a 350 MHz Pentium II system with 64 Mb of RAM . -RRB- Most of NU2001 's functionality worked right the first time I tried it . A corrupted program file cause one function to not work ; overcoming this problem required reinstalling the program but that was easy and it took only two or three minutes.Most of this product 's several functions performed quickly and effectively the first time I tried to run them . -LRB- I have n't needed to refer to the product manual even once yet . -RRB- In fact , when I first ran this product it found 52 errors in my system registry . My system had been functioning so poorly that I thought my C
 I 've been using Norton products for many years without a problem . This version of Utilities further solified Norton 's reputation in my eyes . I 've had just one problem with the software -LRB- that I 'm still working on -RRB- . For an unknown reason , Norton Protection of my Recycle Bin has failed . It produces 1,500 files in the Recycle Bin , and causes CPU usage to stay at 95 % or better , slowing the computer down to a crawl at best . Deleting the files temporarily fixes the problem , but the files are eventually re-created . I 've had to disable that feature for now , but I would not let this dissuade you from installing this . It 's been a godsend otherwise .
 My hard drive crashed with bad sectors . So I bought a new hard drive and Norton Utilities because someone at work recommended it . Also Windows 2000 magazine had a great review of SpeedDisk a month ago.The Nortons Utilities CD is bootable . If you were in a bind like me where you ca n't even install the OS this is a lifesaver . The bad is in the bootable version it does n't see NTFS . The drive was bad so I formatted it FAT32 with a floppy bootdisk . Booted from the CD and ran DiskDoctor . Worked great . I was finally able to install the OS and my apps . Then I returned the still sealed hard drive and got my money back.SpeedDisk was OK . I was able to defrag my second hard drive that holds my data , but it locked while defragging the primary drive . I 'm running Win2000 Service Pack 2 and it even warns you that it has n't been tested with SP2 yet . Oh well . I 'll just wait until the next update.Don ' t listen to the review that said Windows 2000 comes with all these utilitites and that you have to reboot to run disk doctor . Windows NT or 2000 will never scan a drive while your machine is running . You may not have any apps running , but there are a bunch of services running . I 'm IT , I know . I run a few Exchange servers and deal with NT services every day.And Windows 2000 defrag does n't defrag the paging file , Norton 's does .
 Norton Utilities now in a white coloured I-Box . It is an attractive utility with an easy to use interface to keep windows in good fighting shape . The installation was smooth and very easy to configure . With regular PC checkups of Norton system check i rarely get system crashes or pc problems . Norton system check , Disk doctor , Speed disk and Rescue disk are alone are worth the price . Norton system check found and fixed or deleted many invalid registries , shortcuts and many bad referance files . Speed disk is 10 times faster that win defragmenter and it even optimized the swap file for fastest perfomance . Norton protected recycle bin and Norton unerase does not just recovers files deleted by the user , but even files modified or deleted without owr knowning , And Running Norton WipeInfo makes sure the deleted files stay deleted . A very much needed system utility for windows .
 My exprience with Norton Utilities on my PC running Windows Me was for the most part positive . The frist time I ran system check , it found over a dozen errors , that it then fixed ! I would have given it that one more star except for the couple of bugs I had to correct after being made aware of them by Symantec 's support . Check for 0 byte OEM fileds crated by this application , there could be thousands of them . On my system there was and it took about a 1/2 hour to delete all of them . Also when using the Disk Health sensor in Norton Doctor , it prevents Windows from creating new restore points . Simply removing this sensor from Norton Doctor , resolves this problem.The Norton Protected Recycle Bin saved my -LSB- rear -RSB- a couple of times when I deleted something I should not have and already emptied my recycle bin .
 Good product . With this i could save a lot of time from the windows deframenter , Speed disk is so fast and effective that i could defragment my harddisk almost every day . Only problem is that if i had any other antivirus programme besides norton running in the background it would prompt to disable it .
 Speed disk is a real life saver , it saved me a lot of time . Easy to check software problems . The computer now works fast and stable , very rare blue screens since i began using it , It is really beneficial to have it installed . A great product .
 This program cured all of my computer problems . I was getting errors all of the time , so I decided to try this product . It fixed 48 problems . I have not had one problem since installing it . I was so impressed that I also downloaded Internet security 2002 . You can try a free 30 trial of this software if you go to Symantec.com . Today I ordered the CD Rom of both Internet Security 2002 and Utilities 2002 . -LRB- TRY IT -RRB- You have nothing to lose and much to gain ...
 I considered this product one of the best which never let me down and help me a lot to fix malfunctions in my computer system
 Es un buen producto , aunque tiene sus deficiencias pues hay una parte de el que no es tan facil de usar , lo cual podria causar problemas a personas que no tienen muchos conocimientos de computaci&oacute;n .
 I got this version specifically for Windows Me and I have not had any problems so far . As expected there was some training required but once that was out of the way it was smooth sailing . Navigating the web is a bit tricky but I 'm still in the learning process . This is the second voice package I 've had and it is a few GIANT steps above the first one . I wonder what the `` Pro '' is like ?
 I purchased this to help me dictate some reports . I was up and running with ViaVoice 8.0 Standard in less than an hour . Training the computer to recognize your voice patterns can be done in as little as 15 minutes , but after continued use of the software , I recommend that you read all six training exercises that are presented during the setup phase of ViaVoice . I found that accuracy improves when the program has more of a voice model from which to extrapolate words.The headset included with the program is very well made and extremely sensitive to speech . Connecting it was no problem for me , and I was given a choice of using my computer 's external speakers or the headset speaker to hear my dictation . This is a useful feature as you can hear what you read back in your own voice -LRB- or you can use `` Woodrow , '' the program 's own synthesized voice -RRB- . Overall , I would say this product is a good value , and I would recommend it to those who are looking for a good beginning to voice recognition programs .
 I 've ordered the Advanced so that I can get more control , but the voice recognition can not be better . I can pass paragraphs without an error .
 My only complaint about this card program is that is says `` Holiday '' cards but it 's not all holidays . When I think of the word holiday , I think of Easter , Halloween , Valentines , Christmas , etc. . But what the box does n't tell you is that the cards are only winter holidays . I have several other card programs and bought this one for additional Easter , Valentines , & other non-Christmas cards , so I 'm kind of disappointed . One advantage of this program is that there is only 1 cd , unlike several other card programs .
 I HAVE BEEN BUYING CARD CDS FOR ABOUT A YEAR OR SO . I HAVE SO MUCH FUN MAKING MY OWN CARDS FOR PEOPLE . AND ON HOLIDAYS . I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS PRORAM I JUST GOT . FOR MAKING HOLIDAY CARDS . I JUST CA N'T WAIT TO USE IT . IT IS SO EASY AND FUN . I HAD NO TROULBLE AT ALL . THE CARD SELECTION IS SO COOL . AND SO MANY OF THEM.I WILL BUY MORE HALLMARK CARD PROGRAMS AS I CAN . YOU WILL ALSO BE VERY HAPPY WITH THIS HOLIDAY PROGRAM TOO . THE CARDS ARE THE BEST I HAVE SEEN . EVEN AT THE STORES . THEY DO N'T TAKE ALLOT OF YOUR TIME TO MAKE THEM.PLEASE DO BUY THIS PROGRAM . YOU WILL REALLY GET A KICK OUT OF IT I AM VERY HAPPY I BOUGHT IT . THANK YOU . BEVERLY JOHNSON
 One will play the music , the other will dance , then they take turns ! This is really quite darling . I would so recommend this . Age on box says 3-6 , although my 7 year old has fun with it too ! Lots of fun , we have this music one and the planet one also ! If your looking for a childrens program that has lots of different things to do ... this is a great title !
 We bought Adiboo years ago when my daughters were 2 and 4 ... they are now 6 and 8 and they still love this little guy.They really play a lot for a long time.That 's a very good buy.There is so many different games with 3 levels that they can play for many years.I hightly recommend it .
 I just bought Mastercook , The Complete Suite , Featuring Betty Crocker Recipes , and I love it . I 've just spent the last 2 hours . . pouring through the recipes . . figuring out how to work the program . It gives you your own favories . . your own cookbook , it has 26 cookbooks already . . just to start . I love that it 'll give the nutritional values and let you edit the recipes so that you can add notes . . I like to substitute ingredients sometimes , so that 's a great feature . I also love that it has a grocery list . You can just pick out your menu for the week , then with a click . . you 've just made out your shopping list . . So Cool . . :-RRB- Thank you Mastercook and Sierra . .
 This release of Mastercook comes with the recipes of nine popular Betty Crocker cookbooks , as well as at least ten other collections of recipes from various sources , such as food manufacturers and industries . Many of the recipes have pictures as well . One of the cookbooks is `` Betty Crocker 's Cooking Basics '' which would make this a great gift for a newly married couple.I have entered all of my recipes I use on a regular basis , even those with only a few ingredients that I have in my head . Then I select which recipes I want to make for the week , and generate a shopping list . Makes planning my shopping trip quick and easy.It 's very easy to use , from searching for recipes to entering your own . My only gripe is that the interface is overdone , I prefer just a traditional interface without all the pretty graphics . For this reason you might find it sluggish on older computers . But , all in all , this is a program I 've bought and use very frequently . BTW , I have used it before and after I installed Windows XP and it works just fine .
 I have Master Cook 5.0 and am very satisfied with this comprehensive software so I upgraded to Master Cook 6.0 . The search feature is MUCH faster ! I love the videos and the ability to create a shopping list . There is also a web-based newsgroup to assist with technical support , share recipes , talk about the software , etc. . . Wonderful stuff !! BTW - Usually Amazon.com is cheaper than buying directly from the product websites . I was about to purchase this software from Amazon , but something told me to check the Sierra Home website for a purchase price.Sierra is selling this product for ... and also has a place to click to find the ... rebate . Total ... -- so in this case , you can get it cheaper by buying directly from the Sierra website .
 If you 've been wondering which cookbooks are included in this suite they are
 I am a housewife and I also have a small catering service . I received this at my wedding shower a few weeks ago . I was very disorganized and often could not find the recipe I was looking for among my stacks of cookbooks and recipe boxes . I still mostly use my own recipes but this has been good for organizing my things and I have found some dishes in here that I really like to make at home . I definitely recommend this product for anyone .
 I bought this for my mother to get her recipes in order . It is an amazing piece of software !!! The searches , the ingredient list , the nutrition info , ingredient linking ... all just very nice . Now , if only they could make it recognize voice so I could be done typing in recipes !!! A + + + +
 Regardless of the previous review , Mastercook 6 works fine on XP . Anyone can check the Mastercook site for verification . Also , while Sierra is not going to continue with more versions of Mastercook , they will continue full support of this product , so do n't be discouraged from trying it . This is an incredible product and I ca n't live without it !
 I bought this version of MasterCook a few years ago upon the recommendation of friends . I can not thank them enough!It works smoothly with both Windows 98 and XP , I can assure you -LRB- I use it most every day -RRB- , even on my laptop , which makes easy work of bringing the recipes near the cooking area.The software comes equipped with lots of Betty Crocker recipes already installed . No matter . Soon you will find yourself with a MasterCook full of many more recipes.You can create your own custom cookbooks , sort them by your own categories , and rate them by your own judgement -LRB- no more relying on websites which offer reviews that `` may '' or `` may not '' be true , or sorting through recipes in categories they should not be . Ever look for pot roast recipes only to find that category filled with cake recipes ? No more , with MasterCook ! -RRB- Recipes are easily added from the internet , either by importing recipes already formatted for MC , or for those recipes which are already on regular webpages , it is a simple task to copy and paste them with the import assistant.If you have friends you can email each other recipes and import them into mastercook with just a couple of clicks.If you like to take pictures of the food , that is easy to paste the digital image into the little picture box when adding a recipe . I bought a digital camera just for the task so my children and grandchildren could have a family cookbook with pictures included.Yes , you can print your own cookbooks!I am amazed that there are cooking enthusiasts still who may not have MasterCook . I can assure you , once you have it you will never go back.Happy cooking !
 THE PERSON WHO FINDS THEMSELF IN STORES AT THE LAST MINUTE BUYING ` PICKED OVER ' GREETING CARDS , THIS SOFTWARE IS A PERFECT SOLUTION TO RESOLVE THE PROBLEM IN THE COMFORT OF YOUR HOME .
 Everything was factual and her time was quick to arrive , and in great condition . Thank you .
 I ca n't really review it as yet in any way . It was bought for a present I have not yet given . The deliverywas timely . The software is still wrapped in its original packaging.Was pleased thus far
 There are many sites dedicated to creating cards , but not much about the business market and distribution . I am designing compassion cards with scripture & children 's photographs . Cards will be available for order by April . My portfolio can be seen @ www.wisephotography.com
 Christian Card Studio is truly this desktop publisher 's delight . Creating and designing bulletins , programs and flyers for my church is one of my pastime hobbies . This program has enabled me to create some dynamic masterpieces . For Mother 's Day , I was asked to design a Mother 's Day Memory Journal and I had just purchase a copy of Christian Card Studio software . I exceeded my own expectations . The output was truly a work of art . I have received numerous request to create similar work . I had previously used several other Desktop Publishing software , but this software far exceed any of my existing software . Christian Card studio allows me to use existing verbiage and or add my own personal touch to pre-existing phrases . The artwork is absolutely outstanding . The ability to create a personal touch gives all of my artwork a more professional touch . I look forward to purchasing and using more Christian Card Studio software .
 The best thing about this software is that it includes hundreds of ready-made Hallmark cards for you to print . Of course you can customize them , but you are starting with a professionally designed card , which makes the process much different than starting from a blank page . Have you ever been wandering through the card shop and wanted to take the picture from one card and the greeting from another ? Or take a card addressed `` to my brother '' and change it `` to my friend/sister/dad / Joe/Mary/whoever '' ? Now you can . And of course you can add pictures of your family . You will get your money 's worth out of this product , but after a few years of printing the included cards , the cards in some of the categories are starting to look pretty familiar .
 Like so much software these days , this is very user friendly . It not only is quick and simple to begin producing cards as soon as this is installed and played with or use of the tutorial , but it comes also with use to use modification software . This allows for change of colors , message , art , etc. . I found this in itself of great usefulness and fun to explore.The section on newsletters , etc. , is great ! Coupled with the ability to use their Papers , this is just an outstanding buy for the Christian who regularly sends/gives cards !
 I recently purchased this product as I have used the Greeting Card Studio Deluxe from Hallmark . This program has so many excellent cards and lots of room for custom changes . The only feature of software that really needs work is the cutesy graphics that control the program commands . The program is easy to use even for someone new to computing and the resulting cards and projects have been really professional-looking . So nice if you like to remember special people with equally special sentiments .
 Excellent , have recommended to family and friends and they are encouraged to buy .
 This program is great ! You can make just about any card imaginable -LRB- including converting text to say anything you want -RRB- . I highly recommend this software and already have to friends and family .
 I 've been using Hallmark Christian Card Studio for five years - all on a couple of Windows XP computers . I have not tried this program on Vista . It is an older software and as such , it is a little clutsy ; meaning , it looks like older software and moves through screens like older software . But it works and prints great Christian Greeting Cards . We 've moved to Mac computers and this will not run on a Mac - there is n't much to offer for Mac 's and there is NO Christian card software for Mac.The current prices on Amazon for this software , used , are 2X what retail used to be ; I would look on E-bay for some good deals on this software .
 I received the Cooking Light software via a promotion and have loved its functionality . It is everything a cookbook should be . You can build your own cookbooks with your favorite recipes , import recipes from the Internet , recalculate servings , and even develop a shopping list -LRB- one that you can sort by food item or location in store -RRB- . One of the cooler features involves listing everything in your kitchen , then hit a button and MasterCook scans its recipes to give you a list of what you can make with what you have . People who are concerned about nutrition will enjoy that MasterCook calculates nutritional values for all your recipes . The interface for the software is easy to use although it takes some getting use to the idea of the navigation buttons being at the bottom of the screen instead of at the top . Groups will enjoy the tool in that it allows you to `` publish '' a paper version of your cookbook complete with graphics . Very useful for fund raisers and other activities . The software also includes a subsitution list and a wine list.It 's a great product and I look forward to future releases . I hope they 'll add the ability to export shopping lists to PDAs and the possibility of `` publishing '' your cookbook to the web .
 The feature I most enjoy about this program is the ability to type in your own recipes and get the nutrition information . You can play around with ingredients and see how the nutrition facts change with reducing the cup of chopped walnuts to a half-cup , for example.I print out my `` family favorite '' recipes and store them in page protectors in a 3-ring binder . You can add pictures to your recipes too . -LRB- there 's Aunt Helen with her famous chicken and dumplings ! '' < g > -RRB- This is perhaps my third version of Mastercook and it keeps getting better with each new version ! I already had Mastercook 5.0 Betty Crocker Suite , so by getting the Cooking Light version of 6.0 , I was able to keep all my Betty Crocker recipes and add the Cooking Light ones.You can import recipes that you find on the internet and you can export recipes to put them into an email or a word-processing document.There are LOTS of recipes included with all the versions of Mastercook - you 'll never run out of new things to try ! In 6.0 , they 've improved the speed of the search and it 's noticably faster.Mastercook is the standard by which recipe software is measured - get the best ! Like any powerful program , however , it does require some time to learn how to use all the features.Enjoy !
 Like any software , this program is not perfect - but it is an excellent value . The help function is weak
 I 've used MasterCook for several versions , so when I saw the previous review saying it was discontinued , I went to go check it out . Sierra has stopped producing new versions of almost all of their home software , but continue to support it . They also maintain an online forum that is actively moderated and contains lots of helpful support , including how to get MasterCook up and running on XP , though I have n't tried this yet since I do n't have XP . Also , Sierra is in the process of trying to find a buyer for MasterCook and other titles , and since they have been the standard for many years , it 's not unlikely they will succeed , and MasterCook will continue to be developed.As for switching to another product , I ca n't speak to the quality of Cook 'n or other products out there as I have n't used them yet . I have used the Cook 'n demo on the company 's website , and it seemed to be friendly enough . Unfortunately , I have a lot of recipes in MasterCook format , and Cook 'n does n't currently have import and export filters , so I wo n't be in any hurry to move.Aside from the great price and the solid MasterCook software , the other great thing about this edition is the Cooking Light recipes . One thing I 've found is that when I 've bought various versions of cooking software in the past , I only use the included recipes if I know enough about the source to trust it . The recipes in the base version of MasterCook -LRB- or in other software -RRB- may actually be just fine , but I do n't really know enough about their cooking philosophy to trust them . By contrast , I know what Cooking Light recipes are like and I like them , so I 'm comfortable trying a recipe of theirs for the first time .
 Dieting is very tough . Why not arm yourself with a great tool . Mastercook provides nutritional information in a snap.Mastercook can help those who count calories , those who count food exchanges , and is helpful for Weight Watchers Folks gather information so they can then determine their points . I have owned several versions of MasterCook . This version is a great update to a super program . This will enable you to store recipes , and catagorize them as you wish . You will be able to email recipes to other people online . MasterCook comes with great recipes , and many of them have photos . MasterCook will help you generate shopping lists , saving you time , and it will help you scale recipes.Another aspect about this program that is extremely helpful is if you enjoy mailing lists , there are tons out there . I bet you have noticed that many people send their stuff in Mastercook format . You can email straight from Mastercook , and IMPORT recipes as well .
 This program makes it so easy for me to store my favorite recipes , and then calculate Weight Watcher points . There are also many wonderful recipes already there to choose from !!
 This is a wonderful edition to any home computing library . This CD rom contains the recipes from years of Cooking Light 's yearly recipe books . You may never have to buy another cookbook again ! It contains all kinds of foods from complicated gourmet foods to simple delights . There is also full nutritional analysis on all their recipes at the click of one key ! Then you can print out favorite recipes and the nutritional analysis as well ! SuperHere in my opinion is the best feature of all -- not only can you input and save your own recipes very easily in an area called `` my cookbook , '' but the click of one little button analyses your recipes ! You get the lowdown on how much calories , fat , and fiber -LRB- especially useful for people on Weight Watchers -RRB- , but also on every other nutrient in your recipes.So not only is this a great library of recipes with their nutritional analysis , but it is also a great program to input your own recipes and get the analysis on them . This is a wonderful program -- I 'm so glad I own it .
 This is the only cooking CD-ROM to date that I have purchased , and it is well-worth the money . The number and variety of recipes is astounding , the directions are easy to follow , and the treats are healthy ! The option I love is that of entering your own recipes and analyzing them for nutritional value . Have you ever wondered how healthy that broccoli gratin was ? Well , simply enter the ingredients into the sheet and you 'll know -LRB- without having to hunt up the nutritional information for the individual ingredients on your own -RRB- !
 I just received this item and immediately loaded it onto my computer . The first thing that I noticed is that it will take a little bit of time to learn to navigate through it . I consider myself pretty computer savvy so I was put off at first . But it is just like any other program , you have to play around and then you will figure it out . It has a fairly large User Manual and I have been looking through that . This program is so extensive ! It is absolutely wonderful . I think that it will do ANYTHING!If you are a person who has to count calories , fat grams , cholesterol etc then you must get this ! It gives you any information that you need to know . The best part is that it already has so much information stored into the program . I entered some of my own recipes and it calculated the nutritional information for each recipe . There are many recipes that I have had for a long time that I had no idea what the fat grams , calories etc would be and it figures it right up for you ! Plus , if there is a product that is n't in the program 's database and you can add that product 's information . If you add that product to a recipe it will take the information that you entered to calculate the nutritional value of the recipe.Another great feature for families of all sizes is the recipe scaling . I have such a hard time cooking for my husband and myself . We always have huge portions of leftovers . With this program it will automatically scale the recipe for two people . Or if I am going to have company I can scale the recipe larger so that I have enough . It is such a pain to do that manually . This makes it easy.OH ! and of course the recipes ! There are so many ! You may not ever have to buy another cookbook ! For -LSB- the price -RSB- you ca n't beat that ! It is money well spent for anyone looking for new recipes and other excellent features.There are plenty of other things that this program does that I have n't even been able to get to . It will be fun learning them all and playing with all of the new things that I can do with the program . Now , if I can just get it to cook the meals .
 This is a 5-Star product , even though I have about 1/10 of a star question concerning the import/export function . I originally purchased an earlier version of this product in a software store for about ... in 1995 . I learned to use it with a little trial and error , and between 1995 and 1997 I wrote my own cookbook as emotional therapy during law school . I love the ability for the program to add ingredients , since I often cook with obscure items I find in the gourmet shops . Simply read the nutritional analysis on the label and add the item with its nutritional values to your master list ! I created over 200 recipes with nutritional analysis -LRB- adjusting recipes for not more than 30 % fat -RRB- , printed them , bound them and gave them away as Christmas gifts . What better way to preserve those old family favorites ??? I just ordered version 6.0 and look forward to trying it . While the 4,000 recipes might be of minor interest , I bought this product to hold my own . Printing your recipes or the whole cookbook you create from Mastercook is easy with a number of recipe designs built into the program . But what I really want in the new version is the ability to convert the MasterCook Cookbook designs into Word or Adobe formats for electronic publishing . In the original version , the translation was possible , but I lost all the formatting . I am hoping the new version can do this seamlessly . You will love this product . Use it an be healthy .
 I 've always been a fan of Cooking Light 's recipes but the greatest feature of this software is that it allows you to organize , store and manage all of your recipes ! The software allows you to create your own cookbooks , import recipes from the internet and even scan in photos . I will admit , though , that the instruction manual was not clear on how to use the import wizard but once you figure it out it 's a breeze ! If you have text conversion software for your scanner you can scan all of those recipes you 've pulled from magazines and import them into the program . It has put an end to the clutter and gives me easy access to recipes . I highly recommend it .
 Your child does n't need to be a preschooler to love this game . I bought it with low expectations , but was more than pleasantly surprised with it . My 4 yr old twins love it as does my 7 year old . They play it more than other games -LRB- we have a lot , too -RRB- because it can be different each time depending on what they want to do . Worth the money . We have a Win 95 computer-works great !
 I received Moviefactory 3.5 as an addon to the TV card I purchased . It worked some of the time and frequently had audio syncing problems . Went thru several DVD-Rs trying to figure out what the problem was . Web searches showed that this was a common problem and I would neet to go to Video Studio 10 to resolve it . VS 10 cost more than MF5 , which contains VS 10 , so I bought MF 5 . No Syncing problems . Multi-trim works like a charm and the jog wheel is great for minor movement without having to either enter numbers or click the up or down in the time field . Fast exporting the edited TV program is a snap and allows me to delete the untrimed video and wait for a good time to rip the DVD .
 Syd Field provides viewers of this `` Screenwriting Workshop '' with organized assignments that if followed will lead to the completion of a screenplay.Popular and easy to find movies like Shawshank Redemption , Titanic , and Thelma And Louise are used as examples to allow the viewer to see the techniques that Mr. Field competently articulates.One would be well advised to watch the DVD once in it 's entirety before attempting any of the assignments to see what will be involved on the grand scale . This way you can see what you will be commiting to.Writing a screenpaly is not a formula , but formulas do exist to complete one . Consider this DVD covering Syd 's techniques one of the formulas , or maybe recipe is a better analogy . Most people tweak a recipe to suit the taste of the people they are cooking for . You may tweak Syd 's recipe , but if you stick to his original , step by step , you will end up cooking up a finished screenplay.Will it taste good ? Well , that depends on the quality of your ingredients . Syd ca n't give you that . No one can . Syd does give you excellent structure . That 's all he can do ... and he does it well.Worth every penny.His final speech at the end of the DVD is also very inspiring and heartfelt.Thanks Syd .
 This is an excellent workshop that is worth the money . If you take the time to review and do the lessons , you will get better at screenwriting . I disagree with the one reviewer who got nothing out of the DVD . There are exercises that may seem simple at first but in fact offer subtle yet significant learning experiences . And I 'm sure if Syd really wanted to write a story that he believed in , he would . He loves teaching obviously .
 `` We 're talking about form -- not formula . '' From the basic idea to a fully fleshed out screenplay , this course covers the key points . It 's certainly a good overview , yet the exercises offer many nuts-and-bolts reminders for more experienced writers .
 Syd Field 's Screenwriting Workshop -LRB- DVD -RRB- is the perfect substitute when you ca n't be there in person . At the end of each section , you have assignments , and should you follow his advice , you will have a completed screenplay when you complete the DVD . He explains everything clearly and the production is first class . I would recommend it , as well as his books . Follow his instructions to the letter , and you will not be disappointed .
 I am very satisfied with the video . My only disappointment is that this is not computer software . The description mentions Windows/Mac but it is just a DVD not software . I wish it came with a file containing the bullet points of the material . It 's like taking a college course with Syd . You have to take your own notes . An internet search will yield diagrams and other material that support this course . I ordered his original book and will eventually order several of his newer one 's too .
 For those starting out in screenwriting , this is a must-have . My son got a lot of use from it and learned a lot , too . Highly recommended .
 I think this is a great resource for emerging writers . Very simple and effective tool . Josh ClarkThe Bare Bones Book of Screenwriting
 If you are new to screenwriting or want an overview of what is expected by those who will read your script , this DVD is unsurpassed and complete with useful graphics and top-notch advice . I completely disagree with the 1 star review elsewhere on this page .
 Excellent addition to the book . Adds a step-by-step process to the mechanics discussed in Field 's handbook . In additions answers the question , `` What the heck does Syd Field look like ? '' Professionally produced , well worth the money .
 I have read his books and taken his video course . They are excellent materials to study by . I would highly recommend any of his materials . Obviously the person who rated Syd Field so poorly has no idea what he is talking about - if he were such an expert on the subject he would n't be writing bad reviews on Amazon regarding one of the leaders in the screenwriting industry . Buy it , it 's worth every penny .
 The software worked for me . The software comes with a 30 day money back guarentee from the manufacturer , Nova . It also comes with free telephone and email tech support . If it did n't work , why would they offer a money back guarentee and unlimited support ?
 It got the job done . It erased everything from the Hard drive .
 I was told that this is a great product , however , I could n't get it to operate when my laptop crashed but I still feel it 's a great product . Thank you .
 worked perfectly for me ! I read some prior reviews and just made sure that I followed the instructions , and that I entered the serial # exactly as printed on the disc sleeve - in caps ! I started it just before I went to bed and when I woke up this morning it was DONE ! I am very happy with this product . Oh , and the operating system was Windows Vista and the hard drive was only about 3.5 years old .
 I was very impressed with the results using Drive Erase Pro . I wish there were more products out there . I had Windows Vista on my new computer , and wanted to install Windows XP . this seems like the only program I could purchase to remove Vista . Just by following the simple instructions , I was able to remove Vista . I notice several people complaining about this wonderful product . It worked great for me !! I guess you always seem to find people who complain just because they like to . lol I recommend this product to do exactly what it says it will do . It did for me .
 This was a very simple process for someone who does not do this type of work on a regular basis . It took less than an hour to do the entire process and have my old computer ready to give to someone to use for their children . I feel very confident that all of our personal information is off of the hard drive .
 This program is great , but make sure you have your recovery discs that came with your laptop or desktop . It is extremely easy to use and understand , and it takes about 4-5 hours for a full erase . So I would recommend setting it to run overnight and finish in the morning . Well worth the $ 29 , especially if youre selling your computer , you never know what you might leave for someone else to find `` the hard way '' .
 This software worked exactly as it was supposed to . It avoided the hassle of going into the box and having to dismantle the HD , etc. .
 This product worked perfectly . I had several computer systems that needed to be tossed or donated . I have used BC Wipe and other similar tools for electronic media sanitization before a friend recommended this product . I am glad he did.The software comes with two discs . One disc is wrapped in a red CD sleeve . It is this CD that one must be careful of -LRB- red = warning -RRB- . It is CLEARLY marked that if you insert this into the computer and reboot , it will ERASE your ENTIRE hard disk drive . As a matter of fact , you have to proceed through several steps in the wizard after you reboot with the CD loaded before it actually wipes your drive . You must tell it which disk -LRB- if you have more than one -RRB- and/or partition to wipe and with which method of destruction . It seems that perhaps others may not have read the directions or the warning banners in their entirety which were clearly displayed before their hard drives were wiped.One nice feature is the disk editor utility . You can look at what your disk looks like after you have overwritten it with random characters or zeros.The other disc is for loaded tools onto your operating system so that you can destroy internet traces , specific files , and removable media such as thumb and flash drives.If you are looking for an easy tool that will securely wipe your drive for disposal -LRB- donation , garage sale , auction , etc. . . -RRB- this is a great tool for the money .
 For the average PC user , the instruction manual could be more detailed . Very little information included on reinstalling your operating system once you 've used DriveErase to erase your hard drive . The software performed as promised , though , and offers several options , from fast/less-secure to extensive/super-secure . The instructions recommend which option to choose , depending on how the computer was used -LRB- home/office -RRB- and who will use it next -LRB- a friend , colleague or stranger -RRB- .
 I decided to donate my old computer to my son 's high school . I began investigating software I could use to make sure all of my personal files were not recoverable even after I formatted the drive . I finally decided on this application . It was simple and effective ! I put my trust in this software and it did not let me down !
 I purchased Drive Erase to delete the contents of the hard drive on three computers that I needed to dispose of -LRB- XP and Windows 98 -RRB- . I did not use this for erasing individual files nor did I use its Total Privacy Protection feature so I can not comment on these . In all three cases the product performed as advertised and I was able to do all three in about 6 hours , most of which involved just letting the software do its job for an hour or so each time . There are some quirks that you need to be aware of : I first entered the product key in lower case letters with the hyphen and it would not accept it . I then used capitals with the hyphen and it worked in all three cases . This requirement is not documented anywhere . So it appears that the invalid key issue that others had has been corrected but it must still be entered in a specific format.I tried to use the boot disk without installing the software first . I thought since I was booting to the CD that it did not matter if the software was installed on the hard drive . This did not work so apparently the software must first be installed to the hard drive.After installation the software asks to reboot the computer . Let it reboot and then use the reboot disk to reboot again this time to the CD . I tried to save a step by rebooting to the CD on the first reboot and somehow it corrupted the installation files and I had to install the software again.Someone already mentioned that when rebooting to the CD press C during the reboot . I did not do this the first time and the computer rebooted to the hard drive . So this is an undocumented but required step.Overall I am very pleased with this product -LRB- although the documentation could be better -RRB- and would recommend it to others . If the correct steps are followed it works very well -LRB- install to hard drive , enter key in the proper format , let the computer reboot to the hard drive , load reboot disk and press C while the computer reboots a second time and then follow directions on the screen -RRB- .
 I have used that program to make business card `` master copy '' then I take the master copy and have it mass printed . The only thing I do not like about it is there is no way to share the card preview with others . If they was I would be using this program to make business cards for others as a freelance services .
 I teach computers to the blind and visually impaired at an agency . I currently teach a Personal Financial Management class using Quicken , but I 'm considering switching to this product . It does n't have all the bells and whistles that Quicken has -LRB- a Tax Center , being able to download recent stock quotes , etc. etc. -RRB- , but it 's easier to use for the simple functions . Basically all it will do is keep track of your accounts and their balances -LRB- if you manually enter all your transactions -RRB- . But for senior-citizen students with memory problems , people who are n't that good with computers , and computer beginners , it seems to be an excellent solution . It 's very simple and streamlined . I recommend it .
 It 's a great price ... but not super user friendly ... you have to know what you want to put in the blanks ... nothing walks you through it ... it is just forms for you to fill out .
 I have used this product to begin working on 2 wills and a medical will to determine handling of what to do in a case of brain dead decisions on treatment . I found the program easy to use and quite adequate for obtaining a quality product.Perfect Wills , Living Wills , Trusts & Estate Planning Platinum
 SINCE ITS USE HAVE FILED WITH THE STATE WITH NO PROBLEMS , VERY COMPLETE AND INSTRUCTIONS ARE EASY EVEN FOR ME.RON
 Not as easy or as many options as quicken willmaker . Ended up filing it .
 LOGIC PRO 's really a gift from the Gods ... going beyond mere MIDI sequencing its your all in one at home sequencer , recorder , sound editor and music synthesizer ... in other words , it does just about everything ... and between `` work '' , the plug-in synths are so FUN to play with . Even if you do n't know much about sound synthesis just play with the buttons and knobs , then pretend you 're in your own episode of Dr. Who or that your mind is being tortured and controlled by Space Aliens who like to carry the Mothers of Invention around in their vehicles ... In fact , the plug-in manual is also a great introductory text book in elementary sound synthesis and how many classic analog/FM synths work and are used - - even there history . Yes , LOGIC has it all ... in addition , its a stable program that runs on stable platform , hence if your computer is up to par with it no constant crashy-crashy / freezy-freezy ... One catch though
 I actually own the German edition of Muzzy -LRB- the newer re-released DVD set -RRB- , and if the Spanish version is anything like the German , then it is probably nothing short of amazing.At first I was a little skeptical showing this to my 18 month old -LRB- who is now over 2 -RRB- ; I did n't know how he would react - what if he did n't like it ? But , the exact opposite happened . He sat through the entire first DVD , and still sits through the entire thing , since the first time he watched it -LRB- which is an amazing feat in itself for a 2 year old -RRB- . The DVDs are entirely in German , there are no subtitles -LRB- unless you program them in -RRB- , and no one to interpret what the words mean . Children -LRB- and parents like me -RRB- learn the language the way we all learned English . There is an instructional book , though , if you do n't like being left in the dark.My son now sings along to the songs in German , and knows some of the rudimentary basics of the language . I also picked up the basics , just from watching with him from time to time . There are six lessons and a language DVD , which he will be starting soon . I can not recommend this product enough . Absolutely amazing!If you are looking to buy the entire collection , it is a little pricey -LRB- around $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , but if you buy directly from Early Advantage , you can make payments . They offer German , Spanish , Chinese , French , and Italian .
 I 've been using Popcorn 1 for a couple of years now , but when I received an iPod for Christmas I updated to Popcorn 2 . It does a great job ! Of course the screen is pretty tiny , but you ca n't beat it if you 're stuck waiting in some office , or for viewing on the bus or train .
 Glad this product is available so I can use my PSP for more than games . The software has boosted my PSPs usage time since I can transfer videos . I 'm getting a new phone so I 'm looking into the phone/player support before I buy .
 I bought this program for my new iMac and have been very satisfied . The only thing that disappointed me about this product was that it can not copy copyright-protected dvds . However , all I had to do was download the free program MacTheRipper and in combination with Popcorn 2 I am able to easily duplicate my whole dvd collection for backup purposes . Other than that it 's been good . You do n't get a ton of conversion control so I just use Handbrake , another free program . For the purpose I bought this , to copy my homemade dvds , it works flawlessly . Highly reccommended .
 It 's amazing how simple it is to use . I was thinking of buying the Toast Platinum but it 's an overkill . Popcorn is more than plenty to copy DVD 's into a harddive , DVD - + disc or to an IPod . Buy it !
 After I master the DVDs I produce and wipe them from my hard drive , I can burn new ones with this easy to use program.I love it .
 Roxio took an already great DVD copy product and made it even better . I bought the original Popcorn when it first came out and have had nothing but success with it and this new version . Installing and using it is completely Mac-like simple . It even spurred me to buy the pc version for my laptop.Now I 've got the best of both worlds . I can back up my DVDs and also convert them and store a bunch of them on my Mac 's hard drive so I can use the Front Row software to watch them full-screen with my new Intel iMac remote . Plus I can put them onto my iPod to watch when I travel.A great product that takes advantage of Apple 's hardware options .
 This software works great for compressing DVDs to fit on a video iPod . However some DVDs do n't work . I 'm not sure if it is because of copywrite protection or Roxio software ! This problem rarely occurs .
 Yes , I would submit my review concerning that product with pleasure , first to do with the Roxio company and its products in general , and secondly to do with the Roxio Popcorn 2 , as it is a top in meeting my needs , and it goes nicely with its sister the Roxio Toast Titanium which I had for long , so when you have the two programs , you can feel relaxed and confident , that you are able to copy all kinds of your materials , and more than that.More important , there is the Amazon.com , whom I owe much of thanks , as when you buy the product through them , and you pay by your credit card , you are sure that you are safe and that you are going to receive it , and you actually receive it on the fixed time , and you are able to track it all the way day by day , so many thanks as well to the Amazon company , specially as I just had a serious bad experience with another company , through which I bought a USB phone for $ 30.25 , but I received nothing , and there are no way to trace the product , or to get any answer to your tens of e-mails and complains.That is why I feel lucky that I have dealt with the Amazon trusted company and the Roxio top products , God bless them both .
 I find it unusual that there is such a targeted program for portable conversions and dvd copying . Toast will handle more dvd authoring formats , but Popcorn 2 has unique portable player file conversions . If you use any portable video player or are thinking of getting one , this program is for you . I have tried some smaller shareware type programs to do compression . However i noticed that POP2 produces sharper , better looking video with its compression . I noticed there is a drop in price for the program , welcome news since we need so many media specific programs now .
 There 's a lot of enhancements made to Popcorn 2 so I do n't know how another user could say it does n't work . First it is faster than iTunes for converting video so you wo n't need to buy QuickTime Pro to do your iPod video conversions . Vers 2 is also faster for compressing and burning DVDs . For everyone who has had to endure miserable burning times this is a welcome improvement . The defaults were chosen smartly so that many tasks are only one-step . For those who still like reference books like I do -LRB- I do n't like reading a lot online -RRB- there is a printed manual which is well written . I was able to figure out a lot of the procedures with the help of this manual . The program worked the way it was supposed to without any complications . Certainly worth the investment .
 At first , I was truly disappointed in this product . I knew it could n't rip encrypted DVDs so I downloaded Mactheripper . However , even after I ripped the encrypted movie with Mactheripper and converted it to a Video_TS file , Popcorn would never convert it to mp4 . Some of the errors were `` OS X Error = -50 '' or `` can not compress the file '' . Luckily , after some searching of the Internet , I have a solution for those of you that have the same problems . First , it is n't Popcorn 's fault that nothing converts ; you need to download version 3.0 R14d of Mactheripper -LRB- I found it by googling `` mactheripper 3.0 '' or something like that . Make sure you do n't download version 2.6.6 of Mactheripper because it wo n't work . Anyway , I found my 3.0 version through Azureus and bit torrent . I downloaded it , unzipped it , and began using it . -LRB- If you do n't know what bit torrent is , then type in Azureus in Google and download the Azureus program . Bit torrent allows you to download large files or programs i.e. Mactheripper . -RRB- Once you rip the file using Mac 3.0 , open Popcorn and convert the file to your iPod . It is really that simple after you download the right version of Mactheripper.Hope this helps everyone .
 a fairly simple program to use . i would like to change and add some features . I like DVD2xOne but bought this becuase it was $ 10 less . With Popcorn you can not save a compressed image file of your DVD to your hard drive , only a full size disc image .
 We Mac users do n't have as many software options as pc users so available software better be good . Roxio 's Toast is a good program so I tried Popcorn for the portable conversion features . The same user friendly interface is there . The compression is also good enough so that the viewing quality is really affected . Another great effort for the Mac .
 I 'm used to anything Mac being on the high side price wise , so I 'm also glad that the price is lower . I was having trouble getting a 3GP phone converter software and was surprised that this mac software has the feature . My phone plan does n't include video and photo mailings so it gets pricey too for sending media . I can manipulate the video files much better with Popcorn and then use my phone as a viewer . When my contract expires I 'm going to change plans , but I know I could still use the disc copy , dvd compression , iPod converter features . Good deal .
 This is a portable player software program with some extras . That 's how I see it . The software does all the things needed to convert video to portable players . The specs tell the story . As for user experience , it 's easy to use . I can fit a lot on my iPod now . You can make dvd copies too , but you will probably need something else to handle music cds/dvds .
 This is a fairly user friendly program that allows you to add all kinds of clipart to phots -LRB- such as horns and halos and all kinds of neat stuff -RRB- , it allows you to add music to your slide show as well as adding a theme -LRB- such a birthday , wedding , nite time , etc -RRB- , and has all kinds of transitions that make a still photo slide show really Hop ! Some of the phots bounce in , some fade in , some peel out , others start normal and zoom in , others zoom out . I have tried quite a few slide show making software and of all I found , both more expensive and cheaper , Nero4 has the most options and really makes a still slide show very interesting !
 This does everything I expected and more . I would recomend it to all who want to do great photo shows
 My son takes tons of photos as a hobby . When he discovered I had this program on my computer he now comes to my house to do all his photo work instead of going to out local store to have them developed . There are so many ways to edit and enhance your photos . The slide shows we make as gifts are loved by all who receive them . Excellent Product !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This release makes for a great way to `` show off '' your photos , and to share them with others . I like the idea of adding your own music to the show . You will enjoy composing and sharing your own customized shows .
 At the biggining I was reluctant to use it . I was having a hard time re-installing the competitor software . I gave NERO deluxe a chance . I was plesently sorprised . All my friend complement my digital picture DVD 's . some of the improvement to the software package is to let me use my own music -LRB- maybe you can but I did n't know how to do it . -RRB-
 I have used the product for two PhotoShows . I have found the software easy to use . For the price , I feel that the program is well worth it . There are many graphic and musical options . One drawback is that your first PhotoShow must be `` burned '' from the Nero website . I assume they added this feature to protect their software copyrights . After burning your first one on the web , you are able to burn from your computer at will with their automatic free download . I 've read from reviews that you ca n't place newly added photos where you wish . It is a simple drag and drop option . If you want to place a new photo to the left of one in your show order , drag and drop when a red bar appears to the left of the desired photo . If you want it to the right , a red vertical bar appears to the right . Again , for the price , I am very happy with the software . I plan on producing many family PhotoShows in the future .
 The product is awesome and was worth it . I understand that this product is gear more for photos then video . My rating would had been 5 stars if the video clip in photoshow was longer than just 15 seconds . It would have been nice to have the ability to add a radio button to control when to begin watching the slidshow once the dvd is burn and inserted into the dvd player . For the price the program is extremely easy to use and share with family and friends over the Internet . The slideshow are great to watch and the special affect with the background music just add that special touch to your creation . I hope they go the extra mile in the next version to allow for longer video clip showing .
 The program is 5 star BUT I would never purchase a computer direct software download again from Nero . First time I purchased the program on a direct download , most things were complicated but ok . Lost the program when I had to restore my computer . Having purchased extented download coverage I tried , tried and tried to get another download without success . The Nero Company just continue to send me e-mails that never solved the problem but drove this 75 year old man wacko ! Finally ordered and paid for the software to be shipped to my home . Thats how great this program performs once you have it in your computer .
 I ' would like to start by saying that I made the mistake of buying Microsoft 's Small Business Accounting 2006 first . I got sucked in because Microsoft offered a rebate that made it about the same price as Simply Accounting . I thought , `` What a bargain ! `` I am an idiot . What a big mistake . I should 've taken PC Magazine 's recommendation of buying Simply Accounting and saved myself -LSB- ... -RSB- . Simply Accounting is by far the superior product hands down . It 's flexible , easy to use , and allows me to adapt it to fit my accounting needs . Microsoft 's SBA is clunky , rigid , inflexible and just plain horrible.There are still a few things about Simply Accounting that I would like to see in future versions , but it 's definitely the best software in its part of the market.The only thing that I would criticize is that their tech support after your first 30 days is too expensive . There should be more tiers of support -LRB- ie . bronze , silver , gold -RRB- so that you can choose how much support you get and how much you pay . As it stands , I wo n't be paying for support because I ca n't afford it so I 'm on my own after my 30 days is up .
 Very easy to use and set up . I have been using this system since 1994 .
 This is a great bargain at any price ! Pays for itself by saving fees you would have to pay to a legal professional to come up with the same documents ! Every business big or small needs this!Legally estblish your business , partnership , limited liability company , or corporation!Help your fledgling company grow strong and expand.Keep your financial records organized and up to date.Establish your business quickly , efficiently and without a lawyer!Ideal for Partnerships , LLCs , Corporations , even Sole Proprietorships!Keep your financial records accessible , up to date , and in full legal compliance.Help your fledgling company grow strong and expand.This step-by-step software program guides you through the important decisions and provides thousands of dollars worth of expert information about : Business plans - what they are , why you need them , and how to write them.Marketing plans - what are the critical strageties for selling your product or service?Basic legal startup forms - include applications , certificates , agreements , pledges , bylaws and more!Accounting forms - records , logs , reports , and budgets designed to help you avoid the pitfalls of projecting cash flow , income , expenses , receivables and more.Credit analysis for your business keeps your business in the black and reveals the true condition of your business finances.Proven advice combined with the latest personnel management forms takes the guesswork out of hiring and firing.The box had a CD-ROM , 3.5 '' diskette , and registration card.Minimum System Requirements : Windows 95,98 , NT , XP16MB RAM
 As of the writing of this review the only featured online merchant for Amazon is Target Online selling this for $ 19.99 plus s/h . You can pick this game up in any Target store on their bargain shelf for $ 9.99 . The fact that some other retailer on here is selling it for $ 59.99 + s/h is just disgusting.While there is MP for this game , the nuts and bolts are in the SP campains . While there is not a steep learing curve , the game does require attention to objectives and force selection.Throwing a rifle platoon at a T-34 never really works but then again overpaying for a game does n't either .
 Radio Disney created a wonderful electronic game . My little brother recieved this game and was entertained with Music Mix Studio . It was a little dificult to work with , you need to read the directions . It is a little confusing but still a ball . I hope you enjoy the game !
 I was excited to finally buy the Radio Disney Music Mix studio , and even more excited to try it out ! It was a little complicated to figure out at first . I had to read and re-read the directions , and then fiddle with it for a few minutes before I understood what it did . But once you know how to work the `` controls '' you 'll have a blast ! You get to choose what kind of music style you want to use . Then , there are three pre-written songs you can use , each with different sounds , beats , and tunes . You can use these , or create your own from scratch . One you have your song , you can record your own voice , plus distort it in different ways . Next you create a music video by choosing from backgrounds , animations , etc. . All in all , this game is great ... especially for the future star in the family ! ...
 we have been very pleased with this program . As others have stated , it can be repetitive for adults , but my 3 year old will play Phonics Quest for as long as you let her . She thinks that it is hilarious that the `` items '' , once collected , fly back out the door again , making her play more . While I am certain that the amount of reading that her father and I have done with her has helped her in learning to read , I honestly feel like Phonics Quest has advanced her reading further than she would have otherwise been . I feel I must address another reviewer 's complaint that her 4 year old was able to guess the correct answer based on the first letter and the picture . My child figured this out as well , but the game `` caught on '' , and started only supplying her with words that started with the same letter as the picture . All in all , I have been pleased with this game and would recommend it to a friend .
 I was n't going to introduce my 19 month old Granddaughter to thecomputer until she was two . However someone boughther this CD . She LOVES it ! Everytime she comes to my house -LRB- twice a day -RRB- she wants to `` POP '' . She ca n't work the mouse yet but she points with her fingers and can recognize all of the colors and shapes and most of the letters . She likes to do all parts of it . She sits & smiles while the songs are playingand asks to make it `` dark '' in the opposites section . I wouldrecommend this to anyone who has the time and patience to sitand play with a child .
 I bought this game for my son , but i found that i used it more by myself . It really helped me with my counting and spelling and i have much more confidence now . So buy this game for your kid , but you may find that you like it for yourself .
 Winnie the Pooh Toddler is the best toddler program I 've seen yet . My soon loves the characters and gets quite involved with the games and activities . The overall tone of the piece is sufficiently low-key that I can stand to sit in front of it , son in lap , again and again and again . I prefer it to Jump Start Toddler .
 With this delightful software , a child explores art and discovers that their imagination is only a click away . They are the creators , and this takes them into the stories and pictures of the characters they love . The graphic menu display the text of what each will create which is a good tool that helps teach associations . The help file lists all six . A bonus is the Disney interactive preschool that allows you to access disney.com with special options such as games and coloring pages for 102 Dalmatians , Aladdin , Atlantis , Beauty and the Beast , Dinosaur , Emperors New Groove , and more.A very fun aspect of this program is that multiple pictures can be added to a single item . So , what can you make ? -LRB- 1 -RRB- Banners -- your printer must be able to print banner paper . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Bookmarks -- you will need to cut them apart for little ones , and heavy stock gives the best quality . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Calendars -- a child can make a calendar , but I could not find a way to insert text into each of the dates . You will have to help the little ones fill it in with their activities for the month . This is a learning aspect as they realize day and events correlate . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Certificates -- You were good in school today , a successful potty training day , I love you , or this is good for one trip to your child 's favorite place . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Envelopes that also use the theme -LRB- 6 -RRB- of greeting cards . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Growth charts -- again , check the printer to see if you can print a five-foot banner that has been magically turned into a growth chart for your little one . With the sophistication of some youngsters , this growth chart might be how much they have accrued in their financial portfolio . -LRB- 7 -RRB- Create invitations to a party , perhaps to their imaginary friends or toys . -LRB- 8 -RRB- Letterhead that clearly says , `` This is me ! '' is thrilling to the little children . -LRB- 9 -RRB- Name tags for all of their toys , family , and friends . -LRB- 10 -RRB- Place mats that can be coloring pages for a party . -LRB- 11 -RRB- Postcards for best friends , traveling parent , or themselves . -LRB- 12 -RRB- Additionally , there are surprises within each of the separate programs
 Rainbow Fish is delightful . The vivid colors are better than anyother software I have seen . The 8-year-old and 9-year-oldgrandchildren worked together and navigated the entire game . Istill have not made it to the top . Can not comment on Polar Bearor Oz because the children insist on playing Rainbow Fish .
 I really used to struggle when emailing pictures to my friends and family . Now , it 's actually fun ! SendPhotos Gold takes away the hassle of having to deal with large attachments , and somehow makes all the photos small for sending in my email messages . The people I send photos to see them exactly as I send them -- they do n't have to open attachments or anything . Just open my email like normal . Very fun and handy !
 This program guides the user from start to finish . It is very easy to use with many options for layout , background and framing . The user can also choose to add captions to their pictures . There are no separate attachments . The pictures with all the trimings are your e-mails . I have been sending photos with Send Photo Gold for about a year . I find it very simple and enjoyable to use . The quality of the pictures are great and everyone that I have sent pictures to has not had any trouble veiwing them.My daughter just had a baby . This program allows my family and friends who do not live close , to see the new baby daily.When a program is easy and simple to use then it is enjoyable .
 This program is the easiest to use of all the foto programs out there , and using it to share fotos with family and friends is so easy that it think they may be getting tired ?????
 This utility is about the best application out there for optimizing your computers performance . Your going to be able to clean out unwanted files easily and safely which will increase your PCs speed as well as cleaning out conflicting registry entries that are no longer applicable and cause delays in bootups , shutdowns , and the dreaded system crashes we all have experienced . Other great tools include memory optimizer and disk defragmentation which increase your PCs speed and stability.I had System Mechanic 3.8 installed and thought that it could ` nt get any better but I was happily shocked and can honestly say that System mechanic 4 not only is better but has taken performance utility software to the next level .
 My son loves this ! He says it 's fun , and feels more like a game . Yet , he has learned so much !
 We just got our computer , and my son loves Pooh . He is almost 5 years old , so we purchased this game for him . In the game each section has 3 levels in which you get a gold star for each one completed . It has eight different areas which your child can go into . When you are done getting all the gold stars for each level , there is a graduation with Pooh and the other characters . Most areas he had no problem with . A couple areas took him a little longer . We have had this came for 2 weeks now and he has already graduated about 7 times . However , he still loves to play it . -LRB- Although , it could be because it 's the only one he has -RRB- . All in all , he has learned a few things he did n't know before and he has fun with it .
 Norton installed easily . I sometimes wonder why I buy virus software . The MAC is almost never a target . Guess I am saving my PC friends .
 With the $ 30 rebate for existing users in mind , let me tell you this NAV update is well worth the money it cost me . Works flawlessly behind the scenes with Mac OS X 10.4.0 through 10.4.5 . I see no slow down of normal operations even when I am running a complete HD scan in the background . Live Update evidently has been streamlined too . It downloads and updates much quicker than the previous version .
 I think that this product works great . I purchased this for my mac and it works really well . I would recommend this product to anyone who has a mac .
 I dont know if it is a good idea to trust the popular belief that Mac 's do n't get virus attacks.I do n't want a 911 hitting my computer . So I am not taking any chances.Addendum
 I have used NAV ever since it came and out , on more Macs -LRB- and Windows -RRB- machines than I can count , and have never had any problems . This one of the `` must have '' applications.Even though there are not a multitude of viruses for the Mac in the wild , you do run across them in old files , especially items that might have been archived once a project was completed . And , as others have said `` better safe than sorry . `` My only complaint is that it seems to take a long time to scan an entire volume , but you can minimize the time by only scanning certain folders . Auto update feature works flawlessly .
 I own both PC and Mac computers have used Norton for years and have never had any issues , problems or viruses on any of my machines . The Automatic Updates make using the product a no-brainer . My machines stay protected with the most up-to-date virus protection every day .
 I feel more protected with an anti-virus program running on my Mac . I did get a worm in my machine at one time and it was mailing out of my e-mail address book to Windows users . After that , I bought the Norton Anti-Virus program . It stopped the worm and isolated a virus when I accidentally hit on a bad website one day . I used this to upgrade after I got Tiger . It has worked and I gave it time before I reviewed the item .
 Seems to do its job well , but first scan can be VERY slow -LRB- 12 hrs for 50 Megs of material -RRB-
 Not much to say ; it does what is says it will do , and that is protect the Macintosh operating system against the few viruses written to attack it . The interface is slightly changed , nicer appearance . In spite of pulling out of the Mac maintenance utilities , NAV Mac 10 -LRB- already up to 10.0.1 thru the automatic updater -RRB- works well , and I would recommend it .
 While my Mac is not in any immediate danger of getting a virus , I sometimes find them attached to other files . Norton alerts me to this and takes care of the problem in a heart beat . I am very satisfied with NAV .
 Norton AntiVirus for the Mac has been surprisingly solid for me so far . When I first got it I installed it -LRB- which was quite simple -RRB- , and then I ran a virus scan . Like other reviewers I agree that this took much longer than it should have . That is the reason it only got 4 stars . However , once it was done doing a total scan of the HD it had found 4 virii . They were all Windows virii , but I still do n't want that kind of stuff on my iBook . I use a Windows desktop and a Mac laptop . This software has already proved it 's worth the money because of the virii it was able to destroy . I have n't tried any other antiVirus software , but I can tell you that this is a solid piece of software . If you have a Mac , even though the threat of a virus is near non-existent , it 's a good idea to protect your investment . Get some kind of protection so when a virus writer finally does exploit a vulnerability in OSX you 'll be prepared .
 Delorme products have the best , most accurate maps I have used . I really like the how detail transfers to my Palm Tungsten T.
 I used versions 3,5 or 8 of Street Atlas -LRB- for years -RRB- and I thought they were great . Despite the bad reviews of 2004 , I thought I 'd take a chance and buy it . - I 'm glad I did . The user interface is a lot different from previous versions , but I like it . I found the new version easy to use and more functional -LRB- and I hate to read help files and manuals -RRB- . I think the routing routine has greatly improved as well as POI labeling and printing options . The new version had no problems -LRB- like the earlier versions -RRB- of finding routes using country roads.I do miss the construction and weather updates that Delorme used to provide via the web .
 We have used the latest Street Atlas versions for the past three years at home , on short trips , and while traveling cross-USA several times . We have found them to be very flexible and convenient . The latest version is greatly improved in map handling and `` feel '' - especially handy for use in a moving vehicle by the passenger using a portable PC with only a touch screen mouse.We use an older GPS detector connected to the portable by wire . I suspect that the new Bluetooth GPS unit would be much more convenient.The ability to transfer maps to a PDA has made it possible for us to use the maps with the PDA attached to the center of the windshield next to the mirror for quick orientation and route following by the driver.The timely oral instructions from the map software on PC or PDA have been most helpful in following complex routes . As a driver , I find the oral instructions very handy . And always correct - as contrasted to passenger instructions on complex city streets .
 The software/GPS system is excellent once I got accustomed to using it . It did take me some time to learn how to use effectively ; however , once I got familiar with the operation of the software I was very satisfied with the functionality and operation of the software . I have some problems with the GPS system in one of my cars -LRB- perhaps the windows have a film on them that filter GPS signals -RRB- , however , in the other car the GPS rarely gets lost . I will not leave for distant lands without this software .
 This product does what is otherwise impossible
 I 'm a long time computer user , having run everything from Apple II 's to PC Jr 's all the way up to the latest pentiums -- and I 've always been a software-utility buff . I 've owned all the versions Norton -LRB- even up to the newest 2004 -RRB- , and most of the competitors . I used to swear by the Norton Utilities/SystemWorks product -- that is until I tried System Mechanic 4 Pro by Iolo . I had tried the version 3 of System Mechanic a while ago , but it fell short . Now with version 4 , hands down , I have to finally admit that someone has created a better set of tools
 I have used System Mechanic and am impressed with the collection of tools it offeres . I have used its Optimizer for system performance and Memory and very impressed compared to other products that I have used for similar purpose . Its capability to fix registry problems and clear and locate junk files is very impressive . Disk fragmentation is awesomely quick -LRB- Better than windows , what a pitty ! -RRB- . I have not used its antivirus and fire wall because I am happy with avast and Zone Alarm Pro . The only weak section is removal and detection of spyware . It gave a clear signal of finding no spyware but AdAware detected one problem . If someone has used its antivirus and firewall features , please let me know of its capabilities.Overall I am satisfied and recommend it for everyone .
 I returned this product , I could get an access code for the internet service on board with Mechanic Pro .
 I started with this product years ago . I now use System Mechanic 8 Pro . The company keeps improving the software . I constantly use this product to keep my computers in top shape . Too many good things to say about this top-rated maintenance/security software !
 I tried the more recent version , System Mechanic Pro 5 , and as nice as it is , it 's just a slightly improved version of System Mechanic Pro 4 . I am very happy with System Mechanic Pro 4 . For one thing the price point . System Mechanic Pro 5 currently runs around $ 70 , but got the System Mechanic Pro 4 , mucher cheaper and it has all the basic features of the newer version . The defragment memory and recover memory features are great . Currently I am running two gig 's of ram , so there 's not alot to recover at this point , but prior to recently installing the 2 gig 's , I was running a paltry 512 mb 's of ram . Using System Mechanic Pro 4 's memory defrag and restore features increased my overall free memory dramatically . Prior to running the defrag/restore feature was lucky to average 240 megabites free . After using it , which only takes a few minutes , was averaging 388 megabites free memory space . That 's just over 11/2 more memory free available . There are many other great features included with System Mechanic Pro 4 . I would recommend it to anyone , who wants to keep their PC tuned up and running great . Ed Wilson
 i 've taken symantec systemworks 2003 out of my computers , at home and work . over the years , i had noticed glitches in systemworks and the continual updates that eventually fixed the problems the application created . of course , the newest version always held the solution!well , i took the chance of using system mechanic , v. 3 and found it did exactly what i need
 I had some problems . But once I learned exactly what I was doing and to PAY attention to it , no big . The panda software went screwy , so stopped using it . Defrag was just stupid . But I love the disc scrub matter of fact it is great ! My husband has contact 2 virus on his computer , normal means were n't working so i scrubbed his drive -LRB- it erases all of it -RRB- killed it both times . The memory buttons are great when you start running slow . And it finds stuff , not always stuff you want it to find ! But you can go into options and tell it to avoid certain files ! I love it , but it gets a 4 since it does have problems ...
 Our 3-1/2 year old has been using the computer for a long time , and this is clearly her favorite . She loves the various games , and I love the fact that each game has three levels . She loves painting -- where at level three she has to mix colors -LRB- red and blue to get purple -RRB- . She also loves making alphabet soup with Roo and counting vegetables with Rabbit . This has it all -- counting , matching , coloring , and the alphabet .
 This Program is a Pooh lovers dream come true ! Adults and children alike will love this CD . You start at `` the enchanted hill '' in the hundred acre woods where you pick a character.Each character will take you to a different activity.You may pop balloons , play who likes to , or even make alphabet soup.There is learning in every corner.We -LRB- my daughter and I -RRB- love this program !
 My daughter really has developed great skills at the computer . She has learned to click and drag along with her numbers and alphabet . She even repeats what she hears in Spanish !
 I 've played a few games now and despite some `` what the heck are we doing ? '' the first time you play , there is a a whole lot of cutthroat , in-depth play here . Making deals , screwing over other players , trying to remember if the other players have a card that could screw you and getting to talk like a mobster ... from whatever city you want it to be in all make this game a hoot . Great game !
 Bootleggers is a game about supply chain ecconomics , with greast doses of laughter , fun and intrigue mixed in . Players seek to produce , transport and sell their bathtub gin and reap the profits . There are a number of stradegies that will win the game , and each time we play , the game takes on different twists . A full game requires about 90 minutes , but there are a number of ways that it can be made shorter . Our family loves board games that change , and this has become one of our very favorite .
 Bootleggers ReturnsMayday Games is happy to announce that we have acquired the rights to bring Bootleggers back in print for the first time since its original 2004 printing . We will be releasing the updated game in late 2012 or early 2013 . We need to thank Ray , Don , Mike and Steve at SDR Games for working with us . We would also like to thank Sean and the team at Eagle Games for working with us as well . They have graciously agreed to provide the original molds for the trucks , copper and influence markers -LRB- ` the Boys ' -RRB- as well as helping us with the legal mumbo-jumbo required to make this happen . We will be working with Eagle to allow them to distribute the game to their loyal fans and have been very impressed with the kindness by both Eagle and SDR . One of the best things about this industry is the people who work in it , and this has never been more evident to us than throughout this process.We are very excited about all the great extras and upgrades we have tentatively planned for the new release including : The 2 double-influence cardsThe 4 blank cardsExtra variants including a 2-player scenarioImproved trucks with easier-to-read numberingMore cash!Revised rulebookFull set of 6 colored dice for each player with more dice than beforeWe will be printing more of the double influence and blanks cards with this print run to allow any previous owners to get any replacements they need directly from Mayday.We are also working on the much anticipated Expansion . This will involve the ending of prohibition and the transition from the speakeasy to higher-end casinos for each player . We will have some other exciting extras/upgrades available that we will announce later.More details will follow soon!Cheers , The Mayday Newsletter Monkey
 This came fast and as promised brand new and sealed . It is for my grandson who has all of the backyard games and loves them all .
 Just got a new bread machine and am loving it . These recipies are great and the program makes it a pleasure to make diferent kinds of bread to try out .
 The software is terrific for editing photos . It has the best `` Quick Fix '' I 've seen on any other software I 've used . It has great effects to add , however , the ease of use is somewhat complicated . I 've had to refer to the manual several times , because there is so much to learn on the software . I love the product , however , the rebate submission has already been 10 weeks with no rebate from Nova . This is n't the first time I 've encountered rebate problems from this company .
 I do a lot of photo restoration for genealogy buffs ; Photo Impact 11 is , by far , the best program I 've found for the job . It employs an easy-to-learn toolset that allows expert level work with layers , cloning and objects . Photo Impact allows me to work quickly and provide the same professional level results available with Photoshop and Corel for a fraction of the cost . I gave away my copies of those programs when I discovered Photo Impact 11 ... it 's that good.Nova was recently purchased by Corel , and the new version is nice . . but can not compete with Nova 's version eleven.Only two drawbacks
 Awesome product ! Easy to use . Transforms your pictures to make you look more beautiful . Definitely recommend .
 I have been using Photo Impact for at least 8 years and it is the single best photo editing software on the market , especially for the price . I am a professional web developer and this is the first software I always insist my employer buy if I have to change jobs . It not only has tons of one-click fixes and fun tools for photos , but it also has serviceable HTML output , a full-featured gif animation program and a nice photo organizing utility . It does just about everything Photoshop does , but it 's infinitely easier to use and a heck of a lot cheaper . I would -LRB- and have ... repeatedly -RRB- recommend this software to anyone with a digital camera and the need to fix and edit photos , and that 's just a fraction of what this amazing program can do .
 I first purchased a copy of this software around 2000 . It has saved my data numerous times since and i have never experienced a problem with it . My primary hard drive is one I `` repaired '' with this software 3 years ago and it has not failed since -LRB- I had to fix the MBR -RRB- . The key is to have a proper boot-disk -LRB- whether floppy , CD or USB -RRB- . However , the interface has always been a basic dos-shell GUI and you mostly have to run it with hot-keys . If you are a novice computer user , or you have n't had to repair many systems , or even face windows command-line , then you will not like this software and it will seem antiquated.I have tried many different solutions and this product is the best one I 've found to reliably recover from boot-sector errors , and to diagnose and repair failing hard drives . The interface is simple and straight forward . I 've had a roughly 90 % success rate over the past several years . The only reason I 've ever failed to recover the hard drive with this software is because mechanical issues prevented the data recovery . At that point , short of high-dollar clean-room procedures , data recovery is limited anyway.In all the years of using this software , my only complaint has been the lack of documentation . If you are a computer professional , you may not like the interface , but the results will speak for themselves .
 I read all the bad reviews of this product , along with the few good ones , but being desperate to try to revive my crashed hard drive , I decided Hard Drive Mechanic was worth the price to take a chance on it . The program is an antiquated DOS program and is not at all intuitive . The manual is not good . It is written in poor English , is too brief and does not explain much . It tells you that have to download some boot files from other websites , and they did not all work . I was never able to make it work properly from a CD and ended up having to use floppies to boot and run it . The drive parameters had to be entered manually , and it was not obvious what the correct parameters were -LRB- the ones HDM suggested were not right and neither were the ones showing in the BIOS . I spent the better part of a week of evenings tinkering with it , and was just about to quit , when finally , the very last thing I could think of to try before I just wrote off the hard drive and gave up finally got the Hard Drive Mechanic working properly , and it did what no other program I could find even promised to do , which was to re-create the boot sector on my hard drive . It performed its magic , and the hard drive booted up and is running fine . All my programs work and all my data is fine . I am in the process of making more backups . And yes , I did have backups before , but the original got erased during an `` upgrade '' and the supposed backup was the drive that would n't work.Contrary to what another reviewer suggested , I had already tried everything else including all the tools that come from Microsoft , including scandisk , diskcheck , fixboot etc. . I had tried re-installing Windows on the hard drive -LRB- Windows said it could only do that by re-formatting the drive and erasing all existing information -RRB- . The drive was not only not booting , Windows said it was not even formatted and offered to re-format it for me . I tried Gibson Spin-Rite , which I have successfully used several times in the past , but that did n't work this time . I was able to use another recovery program to extract my data files from the hard drive , but it would not re-create it as a bootable drive so all the applications would have needed to be re-installed . I had tried Ontrak , Acronis and several others . Actually , I had been working on the drive for almost a month trying all other tools I could find . I am not a computer professional , but I am a very experienced amateur , with many years of experience successfully solving similar problems . Hard Drive Mechanic was my last hope . In end , I cared very little about the deficiencies of the program because it did fix the problem.Bottom line is , the program is crude , hard to use , requires much effort and patience , but it worked , so it was worth the price to me .
 `` Today 's world is the world of Microsoft Windows . '' This quote may be true on the desktop side of the OS world , but it is another story on the server side . Millions of consumers have purchased Windows 2000 Server and have been disappointed by it 's mediocre performance . This only further proves why Novell still holds a dominating lead on the server OS market after many years . Novell NetWare 5.1 is easily the world 's best NOS . With simpler administration and faster resource access , NetWare is the big brother of Windows 2000 . NetWare 5.1 also ships with NDS eDirectory , directory services software that allows you to manage everything in your network through one tree . NetWare 5.1 includes support for 32 CPUs right out of the box-Windows 2000 Server only includes support for 4 CPUs . NetWare 5.1 also excels in printing , security , and app management . And Windows users can no longer brag of WinNT/2000 being the only powerful server OS with a GUI-NetWare 5 's new graphical console is only one command away . So before you fall for the Microsoft hype and rush to Windows 2000 , I seriously advise looking at a Novell solution to supercharge your network .
 Rather than rehash the largely positive comments others have made about this suite let me just echo that Publisher Pro 2.0 is nothing short of top notch among publishing apps aimed at non-professional users . As to why the developer has recently chosen to discontinue it I 'll never know . My advice ... grab a copy while you can . Vista users
 I have used this product for years ... I bought this to load on a different computer but this new disk will not load on my computer
 I am writing about the publishing part of Art Explosion Publisher Pro . The company Nova Development seems to have dropped Publisher Pro and moved strictly into the picture part of the software business . I have used this software since 2005 . There is a learning curve if you want to create your own designs , but the templates work great right out of the box to give you professional results in minutes.The only con is that the file extensions are . nnp which no other program can open except the Art Explosion Publisher software . You must remember to convert your files to jpg , pdf or another file format for others to open the file . The software makes it easy to convert files but the PDF versions never , and I mean NEVER , translate into exactly like the original documents . If you want to put the file onto a USB drive and take it to a printing company for printing , the printing company will need to make some adjustments because they are using Adobe Photoshop or similar software.The low price is the cost of getting professional results right out of the box using templates . Be sure to convert your . nnp files into a popular format before you move to the next document so you do not find yourself trying to convert the . nnp files one by one to PDF or JPG format . BTW Yes you can create great original designs using Publisher Pro . Yes this software is worth buying and I regret Nova Development stopped moving forward with it .
 I own a small marketing company and have been using this program since 2006 . I bought it new for about $ 80 , and it 's worked very well for my needs . However , there were some issues a couple years ago with Adobe PDF viewing after an update to a new Acrobat version . I beat my head against the wall for a couple days trying to figure out why some of my old PDF files originally created by Art Explosion Publisher Pro did n't look right . Eventually I just removed the new PDF viewer and re-installed the older version . Then I was back to normal . There is still an issue with fonts though , but I just add new fonts to the program as needed . I 've used the same discs five or six times now to load the program on different computers over the years . As others have also said , I get compliments all the time from print shops on the quality of the work produced by this program . If you 're thinking of buying this program , keep in mind that unless you have experience with graphic design you 'll have to spend a couple weeks learning the program . And remember ... it 's all in the layers . You 'll pick it up a lot faster if you remember to work in layers . If you start having problems with PDF conversion/viewing , try an older version of the Adobe PDF reader . The Nuance PDF reader seems to work okay , too . Good luck . And when you 're installing the program , do n't have any other programs running at the same time .
 Publisher Pro 2.0 is a great product and a good follow-on to the first version . Not only can you easily produce small publications -LRB- I create 16 page `` tabloid sized '' newsletters , with tons of photos -RRB- and export them as pdf files , but you can now open and edit pdf files , a feature I have n't seen in any affordable publisher . Its interpretation is precise , though when it meets a change in formatting -LRB- such as a single word in bold type within a paragraph -RRB- , it interprets that as the end of a text block and starts a new section . I only use that feature when I want to fill out forms I 've received from others or add a little text or images to them . I would n't try to heavily edit a large file . Pdf creation now includes form fields , which allows for more interactive features such as radial and other buttons and fill-out-able forms in addition to the standard pdf bookmarks , index and table of content which link to content within the pdf , hyperlinks to external sites , and more.As in the previous version , it still has lots of pre-made templates , but the blank templates are still the best . I love being able to make a tri-fold brochure and actually selecting each page I want to work on separately
 I have worked with InDesign and many other layout programs and this is by far the easiest to use without sacrificing any features.This is not a photo editor but a program to layout brochures , posters , labels , letter heads and so on . The more you use it the more you realize that this program has real depth . There is a photo editor built into it , but I prefer to use my old standby solutions.I have used for making about 40 graphic products so far from 18 foot banners with full graphics to 8 page brochures . Exporting files for professional printing is really easy . I am spending many thousands on printing costs while using such a low cost program to create the graphics . A real Adobe killer this one . Amazing.The templates and included graphics are also very nice for inspiration and customization . This is a very underestimated product.For really serious professionals graphics teams there are limitations , but anyone who works alone and needs ease of use for glorious results this is the one.Go for it ! You will not regret it .
 I received Publisher Pro 2.0 as a gift and it 's great but there is a lot to be learned . Luckily , it comes with a manual -LRB- which I consider a rarity these days -RRB- and the program itself as tutorials in the Help section . Some things I can do intuitively if I 'm working on a ready-made template but I still have to learn to create original documents . I find Microsoft Publisher easier to learn by just winging it but it does n't have all the features Publisher Pro has like creating PDF files and turning ordinary documents into web pages . It 's a plus that it comes with a photo editor software although the photo editor does not save pictures in a . jpg format . It has interesting features like changing the color of any image and has some filters . I probably will stick with my Arcsoft Photo Studio or Microsoft Picture Manager . Overall , it 's exceptional and easier to use for people who have had previous experience in desktop publishing .
 I used PUBLISHER PRO 2.0 by Art Explosion to create the cover for my recently published book . After a brief learning curve , I found it easy to use -LRB- quite a change from other more expensive publisher programs I have tried -RRB- . For me , any art design work in publisher software takes time and lots of trial and error to finally get it right . This program makes that process as painless as possible.If you wish to see the result of my cover design go toLIMITLESS LIVING ... . I think that cover speaks better than I can about the excellence of this product . -LRB- You will need to use the `` Search Inside '' to see the back cover . -RRB- I have since used PUBLISHER PRO to create promotional flyers , business cards , other promotional material for my book , and some material for the Episcopal churches where I serve as Rector.I highly recommend this product!The Rev. Dr. Prentice Kinser III , Author of : LIMITLESS LIVING , A Guide to Unconventional Spiritual Exploration and Growth
 For many years , I used Adobe Pagemaker to lay out a national newsletter and advertising fliers . It costs several times what Publisher Pro 2.0 does , and this software is every bit as powerful as Pagemaker.You can do the basics , or even 4-color work with color separations with this program . There 's a strong photo editor included too . I have n't tried it yet , but one feature lets you convert your Publisher Pro 2.0 document into a pdf . No separate converter software needed.My only complaint is that in the clip art photo gallery , there are very few photos of people . No doubt those kinds of photos are more expensive -LRB- model fees , etc. -RRB- , but I 'd like to see more people shots in future versions.I 'm very impressed with this program and believe it will meet all of my desktop publishing needs . You definitely get a lot for your money with Publisher Pro 2.0 .
 This is by far the best publishing and design program to be found anywhere . I have been in the printing business for over 35 years , spent thousands of dollars on high end programs . This application will do 99 % of what most people will want to do from designing a brochure to a really high end publication . Buy it ! it truly a wonderful program !
 I was using MS Publisher and this has got it beat . It has a lot of features yet it is easy to use , good help screens . I am already more than halfway done with our catalog and I am thrilled with it .
 I have used this product in the past and was purchasing it for my new employer . Publisher Pro is an excellent design tool . It is very user friendly and is excellent for designing websites , brochures , flyers , and producing camera ready layouts . I would recommend this product to any one in the design and marketing industries .
 Publisher Pro does what it says it will do with a reasonable learning curve . It is much more stable and flexible than its competition and will produce professional quality documents .
 My experience was both very good and also very bad . There was a dealer who had this item for $ 20.00 less the Amazon and I purchased it . After waiting 2 weeks it did not arrive and had to ask Amazon for a refund . Now I was out of time as had accountant due in few days and the work was piled up so I contacted Amazon and they overnighted me a copy in time and did it in most business like manner . In the future I intend to stay away from dealers unless they have a high rating with Amazon .
 We had n't upgraded for several years , but decided to go for it with this new version . I 'm really glad we did . It very painless , very easy . They were successful in making this version even more user friendly .
 QuickBooks Pro has everything needed in a financial software package . Once installed I was easily able to transfer my saved files from a previous version of QuickBooks to this one . It works well for my small business , and I would highly recommend it to others .
 good product ; makes my job as treasurer of an organization much easier , including payroll functions .
 worth the upgrade fees . QB is a great way to manage my accounting .
 I 've used Quick Books Pro since 2004 . The product is fairly easy to use . I have had to make a few calls to my accountant to address unique accounting situations with Quick Books . QB 's is a great program for small business and has made my payroll and accounting encounters almost enjoyable . I would also recommend this product for those with rental properties .
 I have been using and installing quickbooks for about 10 years and I love this edition and amazon 's price was great . This is a must for any smallbusiness owner .
 Great product . Highly recommend seller . Came in a timely manner and packaged well .
 WE 'VE BEEN USING QUICKBOOKS FOR 10 YEARS AND THIS EDITION IS THE BEST YET . THE E-MAILING OF INVOICES FEATURE IS A REAL GODSEND .
 QuickBooks is a wonderful program that I have used in my business for several years . I have been using 2004 edition and once you upgrade , you ca n't go back to the older version as it changes all the files . Although there are some new items that I like , 2007 drags . It takes forever for files to recalculate . I know there has already been an update downloaded to my computer so hopefully they are working out the kinks .
 I have read some negative reviews posted here and I believe that you should take serious consideration in the beta tester 's opinions . I have beta tested QuickBooks 2007 and I believe this to be an excellent product with exceptional value . Yes , it is true that you must upgrade to the enhanced payroll service in order to e-pay , but I feel the $ 299 cost is well worth it . Remember you get constant updates from your state and federal agencies . There is also an upcoming patch that will allow you to e-file your forms . Most problems arise from not completely uninstalling previous versions of QuickBooks . Once you have installed this version correctly , you will be happy with it 's functionality !
 I run six companies off Quickbooks , and thanks to this amazing program all are well organized . Real time information is always available , it is easy to analyze issues , and if you have a basic understanding of accounting the program is easy and intuitive to use . This is a property management company so I do not have inventory or employees so I ca n't vouch for those functions . But billing and collecting from tenants are a breeze and the memorized transaction function saves a huge amount of time . My only gripe is they made me upgrade to the current version when I switched to a Vista based PC . It is truely unbelievable how powerful this program is for $ 149 . I highly recommend this product .
 This is the biggest time saver EVER ! All those reports , you usually have to pay an accountant huge dollars and wait a week for , you have instatly for what your software cost you .
 Quickbooks is essential for the business owner . I can not fathom keeping track of all of this information without the use of this program . Of course , there are some of you that think that you can do without this . You are fooling yourself . The time I save preparing my taxes is well worth the investment . You will thank yourself for making this purchase .
 As an owner of a construction company ; QuickBooks Pro 2007 is one of the best accounting software for my business . It organizes my accounts and provides me with all the reports I need .
 Intuit 's Quickbooks PRo 2007 requires little training to use . The screens are laid out so that WYSIWYG . It 's amazingly easy to use .
 I needed to upgrade from an older version , both for my accountant and for some features of QuickBooks -LRB- like emailing invoices for free , etc. -RRB- . I 'm very happy with the upgrade so far .
 I have used QB Pro 2004 for my business for several years . I upgraded to QB Pro 2007 several months ago . The upgrade went without any problems . I did backup everything before upgrading -LRB- I would recommend that you backup the entire QuickBooks folder , just using the QB Backup within the program backups only your company file and not any custom letters , invoices , etc. -RRB- . I use most of the features in QB Pro . QB Pro 2007 is very user friendly and they have streamlined it quite a bit -LRB- i.e. the new interface introduced in 2006 -RRB- so that you have a fewer number of mouse clicks to access the information you require . I been involved in several major software projects in my career ... for what QB Pro does for the price ... you ca n't beat .
 I ca n't believe how much easier life is now that I 'm using QuickBooks . I save time and money because what used to take 4or 5 steps is now taking 2 and 1 look and I can track my whole business .
 easier to use than prior versions.Had some problems with account brought in from older program . nothing major .
 We are required to have this product for business and Amazon offered the best deal I could find anywhere . Everything was great , no problems!You offer a great service to customers
 I bought QuickBooks Pro 2007 to replace the 2006 version that I bought last year . I do n't normally upgrade QuickBooks that often , but my new PC is running Windows Vista and 2006 did not work on it.QB Pro 2007 does work just fine on my installation of Vista Business 64-bit . After using this for a couple of months , I have n't found anything that does n't work `` properly '' on my PC.I gave this product 4 stars because it does what it says it will , but does n't include any significant changes -LRB- that I utilize in my business -RRB- over the 2006 version.My only complaint with the software is that for some reason Intuit decided to change the `` Make Deposits '' screen so that instead of the transactions to be deposited being listed in chronological order , they are listed first by type -LRB- Cash , Check , Visa , Mastercard , Discover , etc. -RRB- then by timeline . The problem is that most merchant processors drop one deposit per day into the bank - regardless of which credit card type was used . This is n't a showstopper , but does make it more difficult to process the deposits because you have to keep scrolling back and forth finding the correct transactions . This has been reported by myself and many others to Intuit as both a bug and a suggestion - their response was that they changed it because people had requested the change . That 's fine , but it should be user-selectable how the list is organized .
 I found the transition to the latest Quickbooks to be pretty seamless . I was forced into updating from QB2004 to be able to continue using the payroll service . I realize that purchasing newer versions of Quickbooks facilitates `` support '' for the software and allows for keeping up with newer versions of hardware . Though I did n't need some of the newer features , I did find some of them appealing and will pursue their use in the future .
 QuickBooks has been the best small business accounting software that I have used for many years . I bought my first copy years ago on the recommendation of a colleague , and I have upgraded the versions ever since then . A few times I have tried other products when the costs felt a little high , but none of them had the ease of use and flexibility that QuickBooks has.If there is any negative about the product line , it is that it has expanded too much , with not too much real variation in the mixes -LRB- or maybe too much overlap -RRB- . However , it does let you find the version best for the size of your business.This new version does have a nicer interface without introducing a lot of new functions or menu sequences . It installed easily and imported my saved company files , allowing me to continue my work without any interruptions or lost information.The automated accounting features are the best aspect of this product . For a small business , it makes year-end financial statement preparation and taxes much easier than anything else . Business analysis is also enhanced with the many ways of organizing and displaying the database . Automatic invoice and statement generation saves a lot of time and presents a consistent professional image to my clients.I will likely upgrade again , although for budgetary reasons I will usually wait for a good discount offer , or just upgrade every-other time . I 've used it for over seven years now , and in two different businesses . I recommend it for anyone with a small business . Files are easily transfered as backups if you want an accountant to do the tax work , which I did for several years .
 Do n't get me wrong . QuickBooks 2007 does have a few improvements over Quickbooks 2004 that I was using . Intuit 's decision to not support the Quickbooks 2004 product with a patch to fix the compatibility issue that exists between Internet Explorer 7 and Quickbooks 2004 is absurd . To have to go out and spend another $ 300 on a package that I just purchased a couple of years ago rubs me the wrong way . I WILL go to other alternatives if they pull that again .
 I changed to Quickbooks Pro after struggling for a year and a half with Simply Accounting . Quickbooks is SIMPLE to use . Logical explainations for questions asked and easy to follow . The arrows are very helpful to keep the process going . Easy data entry . Invoices are easy to produce and have a subtotal -LRB- something that was impossble to add to simply accounting -RRB- . I had bought Simply Accounting because I had just started my business and did n't have the money to spend on Quicksbook at the time but learned the hard way that Quickbooks is the only way to go . I LOVE this program .
 A nice layout without a need to drastically learn new processes for the the functions . Conversion of old files to the new version was good . I wish they offered an upgrade . I was happy with the 2004 version but to prevent problems because of Microsofts enhancement I had to buy the 2007 version .
 I 'm a CPA and recommend this product to most of my small business customers . I have been a Quickbooks user for many years and truly believe that for the price it ca n't be beat.The best thing about Quickbooks is you do n't need to be an accountant to use it . I have many customers who only have a very basic knowledge -LRB- and I mean very basic -RRB- of bookkeeping and they are able to use the program very effectively .
 For those of you wanting to keep your financials neat and orderly this product works very well . No install problems at all and the program , with a little studying , is n't too overwhelming . My CPA does my taxes in no time with a copy of my company file and is able to make sense of something that used to be a mish mosh of various receipts , bills and dog eared post it notes ... I give this 4 stars because it 's an absolute memory hog and a dog to run on my pc . Really takes a long time to open and close but once it 's open you do n't mind too much . Fairly intuitive but it is a complex program so do your homework ...
 I use this financial software for personal use as it is they sameas my accountant uses . I find it straight forward , easy to use andit fits my needs . I have been using this program since 1999 and decidedI need a newer version .
 I use this software every day to do the book work for 3 small businesses . I love it !
 I 've used Quick Books for 9 years to run my freelance advertising business . It is an incredible time and frustration saver . On the years I hire outside help , 1099s at year end are a breeze . And every year at tax time , the report feature does in 10 seconds what used to two hours . QB2007 keeps the great features coming . Making it easier to send estimates and invoices by email -LRB- I am a paperless business -RRB- and has improved the integration of features by subject and task , e.g. `` customers '' `` vendors '' -LRB- sort of the way Office 2007 uses tabs instead of pull-down menus -RRB- .
 it was reccomended to me to purchase quickbooks pro for my new busuness accouting needs . i found it quite easy to use as this product has a ` home ' page which includes a flow chart so it makes it very easy to process clients , inventory , vendors , banking etc. i was a novice using quickbooks , so i you are like me i would definatley hire a professional quickbooks trainer to help you set it all up . i had set certain things wrong with the accounts but there was nothing which could not be fixed.it has certainly helped me breakdown my expenses and costs for jobs and really helps me make sure i am actually earning a profit . Great Product !
 We are starting a new business and we purchased this from Amazon.com because it was the lowest price we could find . I just installed it yesterday and I am very impressed . It has everything that I will need to run our business . It was very easy to install and explained everything to me . If I make a mistake , or do n't know what to do , it lets me go back and fix it . I recommend this for all people starting or currently owning a business . It is wonderful .
 I do n't feel as comfortable as I did on 2004 . I dont like the home page .
 Love the program ... . Hate the company!I 've been using QuickBooks for more than 10 years . I started with the basic edition since I am a very small business and use only a portion of the program , specifically Customer and Vendor Lists , Invoicing , A/R and Purchase Orders.OVERKILL is an understatement ... QuickBooks Pro is much more powerful than I need . I do n't use Payroll , Check Printing , Year End Accounting and many of its other functions . SO WHY DID I PURCHASE SUCH A POWERFUL PROGRAM?That 's the `` rub '' . Intuit is not satisfied with its QuickBooks users being content with the edition that they are using ; Intuit sales people call all too frequently trying to get you to upgrade to the next higher version -LRB- edition -RRB- of their program . They hounded me for years to upgrade from the early basic edition to the then current basic edition ; finally , they dropped support of the product and I had no choice.I purchased QuickBooks 2005 Basic Edition in 2005 . Shortly after purchasing it , they informed me that they were no longer going to support the 2005 Basic Edition and if I wanted continued support I would have to upgrade again , this time to the Pro Edition.This January -LRB- 2007 -RRB- I received an email from Intuit informing me that my 2005 Basic Edition would n't run on the new Windows XP Vista platform and if I switched to Vista I would need to upgrade to QuickBooks Pro . I upgraded to a new PC in February as the result of a major crash on my former system and opted to go with Vista , thinking that I could install Windows 98 as a second operating system to run QuickBooks 2005 Basic . The second operating system did n't work out and , after seriously considering switching to Microsoft Accounting 2007 , I purchased QuickBooks Pro.I was very disappointed that Intuit did n't offer a significant purchase incentive to existing users ; but they never have in all the years that I 've been using their product . Even Microsoft , the shark of sharks , offers incentives . DO N'T BE MISHEARTENED.I purchased the program from Amazon and , with rebates and other purchase incentives , saved $ 60 over Intuit 's price ; I could have saved an additional $ 25 if I had bought on eBay -LRB- had I known it at the time -RRB- .
 Ok , I ran my business just fine using Quickbooks Pro 2004 . I even used Quickbooks for payroll processing and direct deposit . No problem.Then comes along the email messages ... my current copy will soon become obsolete , no longer supported , and I wo n't be able to use their payroll processing.But wait , there 's a solution ... just buy our latest version.No discounts for current users , ouch . At least I can save $ 50 by going through Amazon instead of the Quickbooks site . Quite sad really.The software works just fine . It 's been reformatted and it does n't take too long to get used to it , but I 'd rather focus on growing my business instead of learning software I 'm forced to upgrade .
 This is a fine bookeeping system for any small business . But to avoid total confusion , you need to buy the tutorial `` Learning Quick Books '' software as well . The extra forty bucks will save you hours of frustration and help you get superior use out of Quickbooks itself .
 I upgraded from the 2003 version with no major problems . The 2007 version is a bit easier to use and works just fine for my small business . The security , however , is not great for a mid-sized company . Since my accountant fully supports the product , they are always available for support .
 I have been a QB Pro user for a quite some time and this is my third upgrade . I had some install issues and Quickbooks was less than helpful . When all was said and done I had to do a serious administrative password research project and edit my registry . No help from QB and that really miffed me . I installed it on my Dell laptop and it went seamless , but the Dell desktop had the issues.The program itself is good , lots of improvements for me anyway.But , it does n't seem to like to be open with Word Perfect even on a Dell desktop that has good memory and lots of room . I get locked up .
 I have been using Quickbooks software for years and it is a terrific program ! It helps me to keep track of all of my small business income and expenses , etc. . I recently upgraded to Windows Vista and I wanted to be able to use Quickbooks on it , so I upgraded and I am very happy I did !
 It is very convenient service for international buyer like me to shop at Amazon.com . Before I bought the software fm e-bay UK . I wait and commumicate with seller several times . It is wasting time . Thank you very much !
 this is a program I have used a lot and really like the ease with which I can use this for my business
 This program is very comprehensive for use with a small business . Most of the applications are easy to follow and use . The only problem I have found in using this product is with the sales tax area . One can not delete something that they have entered wrong in this area which has cost me a lot of time trying to fix . Otherwise the program is very user friendly .
 Great product for a small construction business . Our accountant definitely loves us for buying it !
 What a deal ! The software came on time and was exactly as advertised . I am very happy .
 With a growing small business I had been spending an increasing amount of time trying to keep track of paperwork with the mixed matched methods I was using . QuickBooks Pro has increased my productivity and efficiency . I need to be out meeting clients not spending large amounts of time quoting , billing and getting paperwork ready for my accountant , QuickBooks Pro has done that for me .
 This software was an update for me , since I had been using the 2003 version for a few years . It was an easy adjustment , and seamlessly transferred the information over from the previous version . I have only been using for about 1 week so far , and my only complaint is the time it takes to load , and especially to back up the file , compared to the 2003 version .
 I Have Been Using Quick Books Pro 2005 . Windows XP Update Internet Explorer To 7 And Quick Books Pro 2005 Will Not work With Pro 2005 . Had To Upgrade To Pro 2007 . It Works Better Then Pro 2005 .
 This software is great . It allows anyone to demonstrate the same types of profit and loss and other financial statements as huge corporations . Once you learn how to use it you will love it . It saves time to have someone spend an hour teaching you the steps than trying to learn it alone . I had an account show me how to use it and it saved tons of time . I plan to also use it for my personal finances as well since it makes everything so much easier to manage .
 much easier to use than the old version - has some new uses - format has changed a little - I like it
 Been a buyer of Quickbooks since 2003 . Always a pleasure to work with and the new start page makes finding stuff alot easier . Wish the online subscription was n't so expensive for us little businesses , but love the payroll options . Very impressed with new invoice methods , loan manager is basically the same but there was n't anything to improve on . Do n't know how you can make it any better .
 Has a lot of nice features that were n't available in 2001 version . Easier to use , prints statements of just open invoices , prints payments made to clients , for example . I like the product . Sorry I didnt get it sooner .
 I am a CPA and Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor . I provide training via classes and one-on-one in the Denver , Colorado area . I also do training seminars for various groups throughout the nation.QuickBooks Pro is an excellent small business accounting package . It works for most small businesses from single owners to companies large enough to have up to 5 people working in the program at the same time . You can purchase licenses up to 5 users.When set up properly and with data entered properly the management reports are excellent . Management reports are very important for all businesses . For a new business , it lets you know your income and costs so you can determine where to put your marketing efforts and concentrate on getting your business going and growing . For established businesses the aforementioned also applies . However , after using QuickBooks for a period of time you will be able to look at reports related to the history of your business . Good reports lead to better management decisions.Many of the functions are simple to follow . You enter a check in the software just like you were entering a check on paper . QuickBooks has some built-in controls to help you enter transactions properly . It even has a very good tutorial to help you get started . And if you need help , you can find help from QuickBooks ProAdvisors in your area . Also many cities have schools that offer QuickBooks classes to help you get started on the right track.If you need to prepare proposals , quotes or estimates , QuickBooks has an excellent method for doing so . You can even do progress invoicing from the proposals and estimates.Payroll is often a challenge for small businesses . QuickBooks has a payroll system -LRB- for an extra fee -RRB- that will integrate and make your life a whole lot easier in tracking and paying payroll taxes . I know , I did payroll the old-fashioned way for many years . I have yet to have a problem with QuickBooks payroll and I have been using it for almost 3 years .
 As a member of the BETA testing group for this new product , I found all the features that I was used to in the 2004 version PLUS new improvements in layout and easy of moving around the accounting world . Internet automatic features truely make this product a must for busy professionals . I am able to easily work within two companies , at three different locations and be assured that the files are up to date by using the back up system within the program.I found that above all else , INTUIT 's support is very complete . Usually questions are answered immediately , but if not - call back is assured shortly.I would highly recommend others to upgrade to Quick Books 2007 PRO - Works great with Windows XP Professional , on my Pentium 3 / 933 MhZ system with 383 MB RAM . I use a USB memory key to back-up and move from one system to another .
 I have been using Quickbooks for my business since 2003 and have been very satisfied . Every upgrade has made the interface easier to understand . It has allowed me to concentrate on other areas of my business without worying about the bookkeeping . Although my business is small and I do n't use all the features I would be lost without it !
 Much easier to use and install than earlier versions . also much easier to share with my accountant .
 This is an excellent product and Amazon provided it at an extremely reasonable price . for this I am grateful .
 I have been using and beta testing Intuit products for years . Recently I was given an opportunity to test Intuit 's latest version of Quickbooks , the 2007 edition . I believe the product offers a very comprehensive financial software package that will cover the needs for what I believe to be most small businesses -LRB- with their Premier and Eclipse products handing the rest -RRB- . I like the -LRB- customizable -RRB- invoices I can make with this program and the close integration with the financial data ... a change is carried over to the other . The optional Payroll service allows you to manage payroll in-house -LRB- with various levels of services -RRB- . When a company I consult for wanted to upgrade their payroll software and their over-priced payroll service company wanted $ 250 for a minor version upgrade I recommdend Intuit 's solution and have not regretted it -LRB- neither did my client company ; they save hundreds of dollars a month -RRB- . I was also able to recover corrupted data stored in much older version of Quickbooks by using this software -LRB- this is not a feature it was meant to do , the upgrade procedure just did it for me -RRB- . From time to time , I do find features I want in every program and that includes Intuits , but I do appreciate the fact that they listen ... I was pleased to see improvements and feature enhancements this year as well .
 Was using version from 2000 - LOVE that so much is the same ! Love that it is integrated with Google for marketing and especially for searching ! Especially love the price now ! The only thing I miss a little bit is the pop-out with saved screens/reports . Had to get the new version 2007 to import from PayPal and Ebay . Love that - going well ! Also have been downloading and importing from the bank in . iif format - having trouble with credit card imports that are . csv but that 's really just me - ca n't figure out the format yet but I will . Very pleased with how quick I could get started even though I was used to such an old version !
 We upgraded from 2005 version . The process mapping on newly designed home page is great . Saving your company file in DOCUMENTS folder is also good change . The bones of QuickBooks has n't changed much .
 I previously used an old version of Peachtree and I am thrilled to be using QuickBooks Pro 2007 . It makes life easier .
 This is a great accounting software for personal and business . I use it for business and have done so for years . Every release gets better .
 THIS NEW 2007 QUICK BOOK PRO IS EXCELLENT AND GREATLY IMPROVED FROM THE PAST FEW YEARS . I AM NOT A PROFICIENT USER AS I HAVE NOT USED THIS PROGRAM FOR SOME TIME BUT , THIS ONE SURE MADE IT EASIER TO USE AND NAVIGATE.FIRST TIME USER OR REPEAT USER , IT IS A GREAT OFFICE/HOME TOOL AND MUCH NEEDED PROGRAM FOR TODAYS RECORD KEEPING AND IRS REPORTS .
 This is an ugrade for us . We had hoped that some of the upgrade would be more robust . Looks prettier , but not a lot of substance .
 This was a wonderful savings to our business ! This product retails for over $ 300 and I got it for under $ 200 . Great deal !
 Great Price , coupons helped , found a link on google for a discount coupon and saved an extra $ 20.00 . Good program for small business , quick shipping . Would buy again .
 Although my upgrade was n't by choice , I was very happy to get a good price on it .
 We are barely scraping the surface of what this program can do for us . From what little we 've seen so far it will be a tremendous asset for our business .
 Keeps track of all your sales , also has journals , credit cards and banking statements can be downloaded automatically through online banking within the program . It also reconciles and matches automatically . Invoices and estimates can be customized with your own logo . A great business tool ! I would n't be able to survive without it !
 I bought this for work . I am very satified with all of the QuickBook products that I own . The changes are all for the better .
 QuickBooks Pro 2007 Small Business Financial Software -LSB- OLDER VERSION -RSB- Very user friendly .
 Love the product - but this time around had frustrating issues with the upgrade not recognizing my password . So , could n't access my data after upgrading !! The support line helped get things corrected , but this involved a couple of hours on the phone . Not a pleasant experience .
 I have been a quickbooks user since it came out on the market I love this product . They have really made some great changes and upgrades over the years .
 product and service is wonderful and of course Amazon had the price that could not be beat . Thanks to all .
 The transition into this product was almost effortless . There are some new features that make it nice but I did n't get it for the new features . I bought it to support my payroll . I recommend it .
 for small and medium businesses , what other package is there , especially at only $ 150 ish
 I like this product . It has a few new features that are easier to use than 2006 .
 Quickbooks worked well , very easy to setup . My wife and I started at the beginning of the year because that is easier . Our goal is to be ready for the accountant on January 3rd . I am sure we can do it . Amazon had a great price .
 I have been using QuickBooks for nearly 10 years now and have used other software but by far QuickBooks is the best !
 QuickBooks Pro 2007 is a super program . If you own a small business and do not know anything about accounting , this program will lead you through everything to get you started . All you have to do is follow directions -LRB- the tutorials are great -RRB- . Also , this program will handle your books from the beginning of your fiscal year to the end and will help the business owner to go from the old paper spreadsheets to the computerized world . Do n't get rid of your regular accountant because all you have to do is make an accountant copy and he can review your books as well as answer any questions that QuickBooks may not answer . I am thrilled with the software and would recommend this product to any small business owner .
 I 've been using QuickBooks since it was first published and have even helped Intuit with the software beta testing process to help provide suggestions and find bugs before the software is released to the general public . I am most definitely NOT an accountant and QuickBooks is the best software I have ever used to handle the books . It has saved me so much time over the years I ca n't even begin to estimate how much . Everything is organized like a business owner would , not by accouting terms that can be very confusing to those of us outside of that world . It can also handle just about any type of business . The integration with TurboTax is nice as well , I can do my business taxes -LRB- federal and state -RRB- in less than an hour total .
 If you are starting a small business , need to get one in order that you have been running a while or just want help running rental property this is the way to go ... I have used quickbooks since 1997 to manage 4 different businesses and do n't see another way that is as concise and easy to use as Quickbooks .
 I use this in two offices , a church office and an attorney 's office , and it is wonderful . It is much easier to navigate than previous versions .
 I upgraded from 2004 to 2007 and am pleased with the changes that they made . I do not like accounting but Quickbooks make it easy and almost fun .
 It 's pretty good , there are some things that I do n't like for example the help files . Sometimes you have to enter data multiple times to make it do what you want .
 1 . Best accounting software for small business .2 . I am a Singapore user of this software . It is the most user-friendly software I have used , better than MOYB -LRB- I have used 7 other accounting software -RRB- . Not many SG users -LRB- I think -RRB- . It has GST Input and Output Tax features and has fantastic GST reports to track the purchases and sales . The GST reports produced are what the GST Comptroller wants .3 . I have been using QB since 1993 !!! and have been buying the upgrades since then . Currently already using 2010 version .4 . Quickbooks is smart to make money from users . They have upgrades every year . After 2 years , you are forced to upgrade because QB does not support the old versions and the email invoicing feature does not work . If you want to continue using this email invoicing , you just have to pay and upgrade . It is very good in the internet age where you can email to customers the invoices in pdf format .5 . The Project or Job feature is very good to track your events , customers , projects , activities and see if those projects make money .6 . Produced very good reports .7 . You can sure that you have an upgrade every year and you just pay to get it . If you dont need , upgrade every 2 years to get continued support for your software version .8 . Very stable software .9 . SG users can email me if you need help .
 I recently purchased this new version of Quickbooks . I had to upgrade because I was using the '04 edition with payroll . I am VERY pleased with everything about this program . We have a business with less than 10 employees -- it is great . Installation was no problem .
 My Kindergartener really enjoyed this game . He was having problems with rhyming and this really helped him . I would recommend this game to everyone with kids between 3 and 7 .
 If your small business needs a business plan for loan purposes this is great . Very concise and easy to use . I would recommend this to all sole proprietors .
 We have already tried a number of software products for young children , and I would rank this as one of the very best . The material is true to the children 's series , so you see most of the characters from the show -LRB- Owl , Cat , Hen , Duck , Father Bear -- though not Emily or Little Bear 's grandparents -RRB- and Little Bear and Mother Bear 's voices seem to be voiced by the same voice actors as those of the television show.The CD starts with Mother Bear calling Little Bear into the house when it starts to rain , and quickly switches to the activity selection screen . There is
 My 31/2 year old daughters love this computer game . It is very child-friendly . You do n't have to be able to read to figure out what to do . They can easily get around from activity to activity without a problem . There are a number of different activities which my daughters really enjoy . They get to `` make '' gingerfriend cookies with Mother bear , adding the correct amount of ingredients for her . They then get to decorate the finished cookies . There is a coloring book that allows them to floodfill the areas for ease and fun . They can add pictures to a scene -LRB- kind of like a sticker book , but one that you can re-use :o-RRB- -RRB- . They can dress-up Little Bear and his friends in costumes in another activity . This is a very good computer game that is well-worth the money . It is one of their favorites .
 I read the reviews before I bought this product and found them so helpful I thought I 'd write my own . My daughter loves this game . She 's 3 and a half and can get around all by herself . The card memory game is so good for them yet simple enough so that it 's not frustrating for them . Adding sprinkles and decorating cookies is also one of her favorites . There 's so many variations to this game I 'm sure your child will have a favorite , too . Enjoy !!
 My son played with this software on the computer at our town library 's children 's room and I had to beg him to leave the library ! We went back a few more times and I finally realized that this software would capture and keep his attention over and over again . He even asked for the software for his 4th Birthday present ! Since he loved it , I thought it was great , and the librarians thought it was educational , I purchased it for him . Happy Birthday Tyler !
 As the title suggests the simplicity of this product makes it the best with options for the novice network to the advanced . A must have !
 I bought this for an old backup computer . Works great . I personally prefer Windows XP , but it is good to still have this available for older computers that ca n't run XP .
 Great product , allowed me to do an upgrade from DOS to Windows on an old laptop I had found used . Works great , worth buying
 After reading some of those heavy handed reviews of MediaStudio Pro , I decided to add my comments . Although the program is a bit tricky to learn , once you 've mastered the ins and outs it 's great . There 's a lot of flexibilty for creating FX and transitions , but you may have to read the tutorials and extensive help screens . This is a definite step up from Windows MovieMaker2 . It allows you to be much more creative . It 's not for those seeking instant editing solutions . It 's a great stepping stone from the consumer to real editing world . It also works on my old Pentium II machine ! You do n't need a $ 1500 P4 to use this software . It preforms well on windows XP pro . Get the free ` trial ' version a judge for yourself .
 This is definitely the program for those who are interested in an intense movie making experience !! It definitely takes patience to get the hang of and is not for the easily frustrated . If you have a vision for your movie , you now have the tool to accomplish that vision . If you have a serious attention to detail complex ... this is the one for you . Otherwise , I would say go with Adobe Premier ... excellent in its own right and still highly effective -LRB- and the cost benefits are super -RRB- . Happy movie making !
 Having used other video capturing and editing programs , Movie Studio Pro is the best . Learning to use it is daunting since the documentation is quite limited and tech support consists of forums . I have never had Ulead answer a tech support question and if you attempt to call them , you 'd better have a headset or a speaker phone . MSP7 is as stable as your computer . It requires a lot of computing horse power . It will capture video from camcorders , VCRs , DVD players and so forth and while you can edit and play with the captured video quality and add special effects , etc. , you really need a very fast computer , lots of hard drive space -LRB- think 300 GB for video files -RRB- and a time base corrector and analog to digital video converter that will send video and synced audio down to your Firewire cable . You are talking about a lot of money in software and hardware here , so it is not for someone planning occassional video captures . If you need to put it on a DVD , you need a program such as Ulead Movie Factory -LRB- plus blank DVDs , of course -RRB- . Expect to make a lot of coasters at first.MSP7 had a serious problem with encoding horizontal motion in the AVI files it rendered to MPEG , and those MEPG files had jumpy instead of smooth horizontal motion . The faster the motion , the more noticeable it was -LRB- for example , a car moving to the right -RRB- . I thought this was due to the DVD players I had , but this happened on any DVD player , on TV or computer screens . MSP8 has eliminated that problem . Rendering times have almost doubled on the same computer , but the better video quality is definitely worth it . For those who are serious about producing movies , this is an excelent product . Learning to use MSP8 -LRB- after using MSP7 for several years -RRB- took a good 24 hours . For newbies , expect frustration and daily use for about a month before you can produce what you really want .
 This program is as good as any of the other pro video editing software -LRB- Premiere Pro , etc. -RRB- and it does n't break the bank . They do n't plan to make this available for the Vista operating system and this means that it will probably be discontinued . What a shame .
 Its a bit tricky to get a hang of , but this editor is great ! You can do just about anything with it that would noramlly cost hundreds more to do on a mac with final cut . It comes with a great video editor , audio editor , and most importantly , video paint . If your film has glistches , or you want to add cool eddfects , such as a lightsaber , or lightning , this is the program to use . Once you get the hang of it , the possibilities are endless !
 I purchased this POS system for my retail store , and it was very easy to setup , customize , and use . My employees had no troubles learning and operating the system , and as an owner the program was fantastic for tracking inventory , customer orders , generating reports etc. . I would highly recommend it to any business owner !
 This is a great poker game . The offline play is better than poker games I have played in the past because the computer acts more like real people . The real fun is the online play . You start off with 20-50 player `` free-roll '' tournaments where you win play money called PAX if you seal one of the top positions . These tournaments cost nothing to enter . Once you have some PAX money from winning a free-roll tournament , you can enter games -LRB- which cost you PAX to enter -RRB- against other people who have won in the past . The system is well thought out which makes it more enjoyable then other online sites whos primary objective is to get you using real money . It is not possible to use real money with this game so they put extra thought into making the play money more enjoyable.The downsides are that the online servers can be filled to capacity which means you ca n't get in at all times . Another disadvantage is that you ca n't scale the window so that it fits your monitor nicely . You are stuck with only two window sizes ; 800x600 and 1024x786 . If you and a friend want to log in online at the same time you need to have two separate license keys because the servers wo n't let two users using the same licenses game at the same time . But for $ 20 its not a big deal to order a second copy.Overall my wife and I love this game . The online tournaments are a lot of fun and you do learn a few good tips about no-limit holdem as well as interacting with live people and learning all of the different poker styles people use -LRB- passive , aggressive , super aggressive , etc -RRB- . I have n't noticed anything but normal distribution of cards that you would see in real life - just throwing that out there since some people complained the AI kept getting good hands . Sometimes the computer gets good hands and sometimes you hit a streak , just like live poker . Over all a great game !
 This product is quite possibly the best training device to fine tune your game . Features the finest AI Poker engine out there with programmed and completely customizeable levels of computer opponents . Simulate any number of handed tables with any level of computer opponent you 'd like , in single and multi-table tournaments or sit-and-gos . Practice your ` heads-up ' game and it even analyzes your pot odds , playing style , and probabilities . Includes a customizeable computer ` playing partner ' that recommends the best play according to your playing style . When you are ready , take your game online and play versus other Poker Academy ` students ' using a unique monetary system that ensures -LRB- for the most part -RRB- serious play from ` live ' opponents.Using this software with other available resources , you should be able to become a ` feared ' player in no time . I 've been playing for only 8mos . now , mostly online and with increasing success while training with Poker Academy software . Last week , I played in my first live tournaments at a local cardroom -LRB- 5 tables of 9 players each -RRB- and not only ended up in the money , but in the 2nd tourney of the day , came back from a 5k to 55k chip disadvantage ` heads up ' to WIN ! It takes a lot of work to become remotely decent at this game , but Poker Academy makes it easy and fun to study and develop YOUR game !
 This games did just what it advertized , it teaches . It is a well designed game and will not disapiont if you are a sudent of Texas Hold 'em .
 I use Poker Academy to play online at several casinos , and it works really well . Another addon is needed called Online PokiBot , which uses the bots from Poker Academy to play for real money.The bots contained in Poker Academy are really excellent , and can beat most other players with ease .
 This is a good learning and practice tool . A good value for the price I paid -LRB- $ 19.99 -RRB- . I also purchased DD Poker 2.5 -LRB- aka No Limit Texas Hold 'em Tournament Edition 2006 -RRB- -LRB- $ 5.87 -RRB- at the same time . Each has its benefits . I like the way the table resizes when you resize the window in DD Poker . Poker Academy has a more professional polished appearance.Both applications take their poker playing seriously and are rich with features . It may take me a while to figure out if I like one better than the other .
 My wife and I now have our own copies of this program . We play online with players from all over the world . A lot of French , Brits & Aussies mostly . The best part of course is that there is no real money involved although the competion in the tourmanents can be very intense . A great way to hone your game . Highly recommended .
 Partly because of the feature that allows you to peek at your opponents cards . If you can avoid the temptation to do so , your results will be less spectacular.Seriously , this game plays quite well . The advisor plays a very tight game and I 've done better -LRB- without cheating -RRB- using my own judgement . One feature I really enjoy is the lightning bolt that jumps to the end of play on a hand after you fold . You can play a lot of hands in very little time.Overall , a very playable game without all the bells and whistles that usually just annoy after a while .
 Poker Academy V2 is a must buy ! I have been playing poker all my life , but only recently have I focused on Texas Hold Em . Each time I play , I increase my skills , but I do n't play often enough against quality opponents . When I came across Poker Academy V2 , I was skeptical about how much it would help me learn the game . Well , let me tell you , I am significantly better than I was before.Not only are the computer opponents better than any other poker game out there , but the program allows you to see every statistic possible about your cards , the pot odds , and how you bet overall . For example , I learned that I was very passive pre-flop but very aggressive post-flop . I also learned what happens when I call to see a flop with the various different card combos and how many outcomes are possible . The programmers , who have set up an extremely complex algorithm to run the game , give you access to all the components that make up that code so you can get a better idea of all the odds and percentages of everything that happens in a round of poker . When you watch on TV and you see people call `` time , '' they are calculating in their head the pot odds , which includes how much they have invested in the pot compared to the total number of cards that will help them win or lose . Poker Academy V2 does this as well , so you can begin to pick up patterns with certain hands , which translates into better and smarter betting on a real table.The best thing I can say about this Poker training tool -LRB- I think of it more as a tool than a game -RRB- is how well I have done at a real Texas Hold Em table . During my most recent trip , on a $ 3/6 Limit Table , I won over $ 280 in about 2 hours by using all the knowledge I have gained about how to play Texas Hold Em and about how I play my game . In other words , the more I know about my skills , the better I act at the table . For the price Amazon sells this product compared to how much I won on my last trip , I would say Poker Academy V2 is well worth it . Spend the money now , learn to play the game better -LRB- no matter what your experience level is -RRB- , and go win at a real table .
 This software came out of research at the University of Alberta in Edmonton . The limit artificial intelligence opponents are widely considered the best in the world . The no-limit opponents are okay . They are fantastic for training up as a beginner , and the developers keep improving them . Playing against computer opponents I can easily get through 300 hands an hour . This software has improved my game about 10-fold .
 Poker Academy -LRB- PA -RRB- has the best artificial intelligence that will challenge even great players . Unlike most other poker programs that use canned strategies , this software actually learns and adapts to your play . As you improve , PA will also improve , challenging you to continue to play better to win . PA offers several no-limit and limit AI engines to give you experience against a variety of playing styles . You can practice new strategies that you may have learned from a book -LRB- Good poker books are also listed in the help section of the software -RRB- , and see if these strategies work for you without having to risk any money . There are many statistical tools available with this software to help you analyze your play , including a showdown calculator . The interface is also very user friendly with convenient action buttons and hot keys.The customer service is superb ! If you have any questions , the PA support team will work with you and answer quickly . The PA team is the most dedicated software team I have ever seen ! They continually release updates to the software , and you can even play with them online!The community forum at www.poker-academy.com is very helpful , and the software developers are very active on this forum . Also check out the pro version 2 of this software on the website . It gives you even more advanced software analysis tools and additional AI engines to help you further analyze and improve your play.The online play is fun , and it is a good way to get playing experience against real people without having to risk real money . The developers host weekly free-roll tournaments , where you can win a free , high-quality PA polo shirt!I had also purchased DD Tournament Poker in the past . DD does not even come close to PA. . The AI in DD is weak and predictable , the interface is uglier , and DD lacks the powerful statistical tools that PA has to offer.In conclusion of my long review , if you are serious about poker or just want a fun experience , Poker Academy is the software for you and is worth your money many times over !
 The artificial intelligence in this Poker simulator is light years above anything else available . Originally developed by computer scientists at the University of Alberta , some of the poker `` bots '' in this game are self teaching ! They actually learn to play against your style by analyzing the entire history of hands you have played . If you know how to play fairly well , you 'll win pretty steadily at first - but the opponents get tougher and smarter over time , forcing you to improve and to vary your game . Different artificial opponents have different styles - some are super skilled , others a little crazy - just like the real world!The smooth play , variety of opponents , hand analysis tools , and - most important - the complete hand history lets you see exactly where you make your big mistakes and your big wins ! Play 10,000 hands or so and you will find the holes in your play and improve your game many times over.Some previous reviews state that there are only a limited number of different hands being played over and over . These poor souls are using an early demo version of the software . One can only assume they did n't register or enter a license key to unlock the full program . In the earlier demo version of the game , this was the intentional demo limitation - it dealt the same 100 hands over and over in the same order.I 'm a software developer myself , and this is a beautifully designed and implemented poker `` system '' - far beyond the typical cheap computer card game . The smooth play , clean graphics , wide variety of game structures and opponents , and the many educational features all contribute to a fun learning experience . And yes - those computer science professors do know how to generate randomly dealt hands !! Use the program for 15 months and over 15,000 hands as I have and see your poker skills grow and grow .
 Poker Academy is a great way to improve your game . V2 is well worth the extra money . One very Big word of warning ! Do not purchase the so called addon called online pokibot . It is a scam , and you will waste a lot of money . This program has nothing to do with the developers of Poker Academy , -LRB- even they are trying to trace these people without much success -RRB- . Online pokibot is full of bugs , it will not even raise preflop , and if you contact support , you will receive no reply . Oh ! and forget about a refund , they only accept paypal as payment , and as a few of you are aware , paypal has a strict policy against chargebacks . Paypay will tell you that your purchase is classed as VIRTUAL , whatever that means . Maybe they will let us pay with virtual money ? If any of you are non believers , try the poker academy forum . Anyway , Poker Academy is a great tool . ENJOY !
 When I was in the market for poker software , I sifted through dozens of online reviews . I considered price , game play , AI of computer opponents and online play . Poker Academy was far and away my first choice , but I also bought EAGLE GAMES Tournament Poker , because I found it for a great price . Although EGTP is good , in my opinion , it does n't compare to Poker Academy . The AI is n't nearly as strong and there is no online option . The computer opponents in PA are very challenging and the format is great . There are many ongoing statistical categories which break down your playing style and tendencies . The feature that really seperates PA from the rest is the online game play . This alone is well worth the purchase price ! You can play both ring games and tournaments for the PA currency , which is called PAX . The great thing about this is that you have to earn every cent of PAX . You are n't given anything to start , so you must either win or place high in games/tournaments to earn it . Games vary from .05 / .10 games , up to $ 50 tournaments . There are roughly anywhere from 40 - 80 members at Poker Academy Online at any given time , so there 's always a game to be had . Because PAX is paid out in very realistic amounts -LRB- approx . $ 35 for a tournament win of 10 people , -RRB- it really feels like you 're playing with real money . This fact causes me to appreciate the `` currency '' much more than I would if I could go to the cashier and instantly grab another $ 1,000 every 5 minutes . I really ca n't praise this game enough , and I have n't seen anything else -LRB- especially for under $ 18 -RRB- that comes anywhere close to Poker Academy V2 . Career mode in a future edition would really put PA over the top , but it 's terrific as it stands . I highly recommend it .
 I 've used pretty much every decent poker package out there and Poker Academy 2 is by far the best . Their online structure with tiered ring tables and player ratings makes for better online poker than any I 've experienced for real money -LRB- Stars , Party , etc -RRB- ... This has not only entertained me greatly , but it 's improved an already pretty good poker game.And as for support ... It 's the best I 've ever found for any software . The developers play with us online and are constantly taking suggestions on the forum . They 're continually making the game better and listening to feedback . If you ever need to move an install to another PC , they 're very responsive and helpful . -LRB- SandMan -RRB-
 The best hold 'em training software on the market , period . If you are serious about improving your game , this product is a must have . I have been using it for 6 months , and my game has improved dramatically as a result . The analysis tools , competitive online play , and ability to practice with world class artificial intelligence , are only a few of the tools you 'll enjoy when you use this program . The developers of Poker Academy are the most responsive and customer oriented I have ever experienced for any product at any time .
 Poker Academy is a valuable tool , those new to poker can learn the game in mere weeks against the world class artificial intelligence.Those with poker experience can perfect and study their game against the AI offline or against a wealth of constantly improving talent in the online version of the game.The AI is truly top class , with around 15 years of academic research into the math and playing strategies that make up this very complex game.The other great aspect is the community and the user/developer interaction is second to none.get on board today !
 This is a great game ! As a poker newbie , I 've really enjoyed learning Texas Hold 'Em through the software . Great job !
 You can still get the standard edition directly from poker-academy . You need to check their forums for a link to their authorized seller `` poker supply usa . `` I first purchased Poker Academy Standard Edition back in 2004 . I 've been able to install upgrades for it and it has out lasted my Titanium Powerbook . I migrated it over to my wife 's Macbook Pro and I purchased the Professional Edition for my Macbook Pro . I have recommended this software to all my friends , and I have watched it spread beyond them . As a stand alone , the software is impressive enough for world champion poker professionals and newbies to poker alike . The real hart of the program is its interactive online games . There you can play real poker with real people 24/7 . You can chat , and interact with everyone . It is addicting . I 've had more arguments with my wife than I care to admit about the amount of time I spend playing poker . What 's more is she plays it all the time too . She did n't know the fist thing about poker , now she can hang with the best of my buddies at our live games . While on Poker Academy Online
 This program is such an excellent learning tool , that I hesitate to review it . Why ? If everyone else starts using it , that could take away some of my edge in the game . * wink * The bots all have their own playing styles . Some are aggressive , some passive , some sneakier and others more straightforward . Many adjust to your playing style , while others do n't seem to be quite so perceptive . All in all , it 's quite a bit like a real game , but without putting your money on the line . However , it plays as though there is real money involved , which makes it better than playing against other players online for free.I have not experimented with different advisors , but have found that it 's better for me to ignore what the default ones tell me to do .
 Great !!! You learn quick and get better everyday . Not completed like the other four I tried .
 Great Sim. , My play has allready improved in only one month , I am `` In the Money '' more often than not , and even in my neighborhood `` Home Game '' I have improved . The Sim has payed for itself with the winnings from my play . Probably going to download the pro version soon .
 Love this game ... was up and running in no time playing in tournaments with others on-line . Easy to follow `` advise '' comes in handy when you are learning . Well worth the money .
 I used this software to get a lot better at poker . It also saved me a lot of money because I realized I 'm not going to be the next poker star !
 this proved to be a source of learning the game and great fun also
 I concur with what everyone else has said . The online play is great . Get your friends to get it too so you can play them online anytime of the day or night . It 's easy to just hop into a table and play for a half hour or so . Great learning tool .
 I thought I would be a pretty good Texas Hold 'em player . I 'm even from Texas ! This game brought me back to reality . I 'm ok .
 I 've been playing poker since I was a kid . Over the years I have bought just about every piece of poker software that came along . Many of them were good , but the always seemed to be lacking something and/or they were too easy to beat.Then I found Poker-Academy and that changed everything . This software has tough artificial intelligence and adapts to your play . While you 're trying to figure out how it plays , IT tries to figure out how YOU play!This version -LRB- version 2 -RRB- has many improvements over the last version -LRB- including online play on PA 's poker community -RRB- and it 's a bargain at twice the asking price.If you are a serious student of Texas Hold 'em , get this software .
 This product looks like a great deal on the surface , but you need to realize that it is only a demo . You can download the demo , for free , from Poker Academy online and save yourself the $ 20 . The free download will allow you to upgrade to the full-featured Poker Academy immediately . The upgrade is $ 129 but well worth it , since it is much more adaptable than the Wilson Software Tournament Hold 'em disc . For example , you can set this game to play only heads-up matches , if you want . Or you can play four-handed , to simulate bubble play in sit-n-go tourneys . And there 's much , much more . I love it , but be sure to download the free demo rather than wasting your money on this product .
 I bought this poker software because of the good reviews that have been written about it on Amazon and other places . I have not been disappointed!I spent hours playing against the artificial intelligence pokibots . I have played limit , no limit ; heads up and ring games . There are different strategies needed in each game.I do n't know whether to bet or fold , I seek the expert advice from the `` pokibrat '' -LRB- a bot advisor that is possibly patterned after the Poker Brat , Phil Hellmuth -RRB- . The software analyzes your playing abilities and report statistics about how aggressive you are pre-flop and post-flop , etc. . Some of the terms are unfamiliar . For instance , I do n't know what `` sb '' is , and I have n't seen it defined anywhere.I have n't tried the tournaments or online play .
 Having enjoyed Poker Academy Standard v. 1 for over a year , I decided to upgrade to v. 2 -LRB- for a mere $ 9.99 , if you have the original -RRB- . Even if you do n't have the original , version 2 is THE one to get . Before I upgraded , I called Poker Academy to ask about the difference to see if it would be worth my $ 10. , and they said , `` Oh , you can play online . And the stat section is a little better '' . Overall , the play is a lot smoother , but what an understatement about the stats -- it 's incredibly improved . This section gives you a TON of information about how you play `` Tight/Aggressive/Overplay / Solid '' , `` Pre-flop/Flop/Turn / River '' etc. . . When you play online , the game interface is the same , but with a nice little chat feature . I have NO complaints about this game and only wish I had gotten this newer version sooner . Do n't waste your time on any of the other Hold 'Em software they 're pushin ' on TV . Look no further than Poker Academy .
 Buyers should know that this software prompts to upgrade to a Pro version . I 'm not sure which version these reviews are covering .
 I 'VE NEVER WRITTEN -LRB- sorry caps lock on -RRB- a review before , but i feel so strongly about poker academy i just had to say something . I had never played this TEXAS HOLD-EM before but was fascinated by the games on t.v. -LRB- hold-em games -RRB- . I would watch the same tournement over and over
 I 've been playing Poker Academy V2 -LRB- PA -RRB- for close to a year now and it has been teaching me a lot . My game was extremely bumpy at first , but I 'm learning more and more the longer I play and I 've had my share of bad beats . Once installed , it 's a great software because it costs nothing to play and offers online action with other both domestic and international PA players . The PA Ratings gives you something to strive for and motivates you to chase the PAX leaders . You see , PAX is the play `` money '' system PA is based on , that you earn by playing Freerolls , as mentioned in other reviews . Once you have up to $ 50 in PAX , you 're on your own to increase your Bankroll in various Sit and Go tournaments as well as No Limit / Limit Ring tables and PA Pro purchasers can set up custom Scheduled Tournaments with bigger Payouts too . At the time of this review , there 's only one glitch I 've encountered since the creators recently upgraded the software which is my PAX Bankroll not syncing with my PAX Account , but I 've looked past this since that 's a very minute thing and will probably be fixed with future software updates . One important option I left out is that PA gives the ability to customize games and players so you can practice offline as well . I can only hope PA comes out with other poker games like 5/7-Card Stud , Omaha , or even Razz . ty , gg , and gl !
 I would highly recommend Poker Academy . It has a lot of great features and is smooth and fun to play . I think the other reviews cover all the great features -LRB- great AI , detailed stats , a helpful advisor , great online play -RRB- so I would like to focus on the difference between versions 2.0 and 2.5 . The following is going to seem like a lot of nitpicky stuff , and it 's mostly here just to help people decide if they want to upgrade to v2 .5 or not . Despite the following , I would highly recommend this product because of its overall quality . If you order this product and get 2.0 and are connected to the Internet , you will be offered to upgrade to v2 .5 for free . I would consider passing on 2.5 and waiting for 2.6 or 3.0 . Here is why : - In version 2.5 , the background of the stats windows is changed from a nice red to an ugly gray with orange type . Yuck . - The large round easy-to-click betting buttons are replaced by smaller square gray buttons that are harder to click on . - When I pot is split , and there is an uneven amount , it will give one of the players 50 cents . This can be extremely annoying and distracting because you can never bet that 50 cents so the stacks around the table might look like this for example
 This is a review of Poker Academy Texas Hold 'em 2.0 . I became intrigued with Texas Hold 'em poker after watching some World Series of Poker -LRB- WSOP -RRB- games on TV . I bought a book to learn to play the game better -LRB- Phil Hellmuth 's Play Poker like the Pros , which I have also reviewed on amazon.com -RRB- , and after that I found that my current casino software did not play well enough to give me a challenge . -LRB- I was using Hoyle Casino 3D . -RRB- After reading a few reviews , I decided that Poker Academy 2.0 looked like the best available , so I bought it . I have been very satisfied with my purchase!But this is not the right software for everyone . You need to ask yourself a few questions.Are you easily intimidated by software that does not have instructions to walk you slowly through its features ? Do you want a game with cute features , like cartoon characters who make whimsical chit-chat ? Do you want software that plays as badly as your Aunt Enda and Cousin Chuck ? Do statistical data -LRB- like the `` pot odds '' -RRB- make your eyes glaze over?If you answered , Yes , to any of these questions , then Poker Academy is probably not for you.Are you the kind of person who likes to explore software without too much guidance ? Do you want an attractive but uncluttered interface that just tells you what you need to know ? Do you want genuinely challenging computer opponents who will beat you consistently until you improve your game ? Are you willing to make the effort to learn from the tools the software gives you?If you answered , Yes , to most or all of these questions , then you will love Poker Academy.The main playing interface has a simple ten-chair table on the left , where cards are dealt as you would expect in Texas Hold 'em . On the right are stacked windows that you can collapse and toggle for different content . Among the data you have access to are your session stats -LRB- such as your win rate for hands played -RRB- , tournament stats -LRB- your rank , total number of players left , average stack , etc. -RRB- , a `` hand evaluator '' -LRB- what percentage of hands can you beat with your current hand , what are the `` pot odds '' -RRB- , and a `` transcript '' of how play has progressed . -LRB- Your hands are all archived so you can review them later . -RRB- The game has several very nice features :1 . a computer advisor , whom you can toggle to be visible all the time , or just when you mouse over him . -LRB- As the help file observes , this will mainly be useful if you are a beginner . -RRB- 2 . the ability to replay a hand . If I lose a hand , I often replay it , to see if and when I made a crucial mistake .3 . an online play option .4 . the ability to automatically update to the latest version of the game . As soon as I installed the software , it asked to access the web , and then updated to version 2.5 -LRB- free of charge -RRB- . -LRB- I notice that there is a `` professional version , '' which is different and rather expensive . I have n't tried it . -RRB- I have a couple of minor complaints . I 'm surprised there 's not a `` pause '' or `` freeze '' button to stop during a showdown -LRB- for example -RRB- , so you can think more carefully about what is happening . -LRB- But you can adjust the general speed of play . -RRB- And I wish I could re-arrange the side windows . -LRB- Should n't you be able to click and drag them around ? -RRB- But these are pretty minor issues.Overall , this is great software for serious players !
 I have played a few poker style games , but now were ever like this . The ability to learn the game , then play AIs , and finally take what you have learned and play online in tournaments or free play . The only problem I had was that you could n't play this on a lan . Other than that great progams .
 This excellent software is appropriate for all skill levels . The support is excellent and goes out of their way to listen , solve problems , satisfy their customers , and continuously improve the product.If your already a poker legend in your own mind ... maybe pass . . maybe?Forums and and Live Online Games -LRB- rankings kept and upper level games not revealed until earned -RRB- make this Software that much more Better ! ~ Lobo43 - says `` come on in the waters fine '' .
 ... because the more people will use it and practice with its simulator or playing online against the other Poker Academy owners , the stronger they all will become , and the more difficult it will be for me to catch money on real money tables ! So please , do n't buy it , and if you do , do n't use it ! And if you use it despite everything , please never talk about it to other players ! This software is too effective to be known by everybody ! So now , please , close your browser window , clear your browser 's history and forget all what you learnt here.Thank you ! Chips Raptor , online Hold 'em poker player from Switzerland , usingPA since october 2005 . PS
 This is the finest poker training software I 've used ! I 've tried everything out there either by buying or trying friends copies and have no problem in saying this blows them all away ! The play with bots , the statistics , hand history , and all the tools to tweak your game . Plus the online play is the closest to real money play out there . Great people online & the support staff at P.A. is amazing . They constantly listen to feedback from customers and implement changes to truly make it what the customers are after.Awesome P.A. !!!
 This game has helped me take my game to pro level !!! easy and informative , and is the best on the market to help you with ring games -LRB- cash tables -RRB- and support is right there and helps you on the spot !! I have no idea what Poker Pete `` Holdem Player '' is talking about , you can only install this game on 2 computers at once , and if your computer goes , or you get a new one , and long as you have your purchase info , they will give you all the keys you need , because they deactivate your old one to avoid piracy . . maybe pete is confused , go to there webpage and ask all the questions you need : -RRB-
 When I 'm not playing ping pong with my Flexolite ping pong paddle , I like to relax playing Poker Academy.Offline tables can be fully edited to suit your requirements.It really comes into its own with the online play . Learn how to play solid poker and the table with more advanced players is revealed . This table would challenge even the most advanced players.There is also an online forum to suggest product enhancements directly with the developers - who actually reply straight away!Beware , this software is incredibly addictive .
 Bought this to improve my skills at Texas Hold Em . In-hand tools are very helpful and it has taught me more about when to play and when to fold . It considers your hand plus the other players plus table position and has broken my habit of focusing so much on my hand . Besides all that the game is fun . You can play stand alone againt the AI players ... these are tough players . I think they can see my cards
 PA is a wonderful program . The AI opponents are good and programmable so you can play aggressive players or passive players or erratice players or make tables that are combinations of all of these styles . However what puts PA over the top is the on-line aspect . Playing PA on-line , no money is at stake but people are rated according to their success , so there is something to make people play seriously . There are thousands of people from all over the world playing at PA and it is a really fun poker community . I have played thousands of hands with real players ranging from scary good to rank beginners . I beleive I have improved over this time , but I know I 've had a great time as well .
 This software is fantastic for improving your game . Great AI learns as it plays against you . Tons of statistical data to find holes on your game . It also has a great communtiy for online play . The best of software I have used .
 it does flash very well but it cant export to any video format . at first i didnt care if this program could export to video because i just wanted shockwave files . then i realized they were huge files and it wasnt bandwith cutting it for me . i can make small cartoon but live video to make flash streams live video online simply wont work . but this program wasnt easy to make things interchangable.if you want to know window video files import into this program easily but come out pretty big .
 I originally bought the software as part of flash class work.I will admit that I 've used it for other things as well.I just recently finished an awesome Flash intro that I started with this program .
 Great . . There are many built-in animated effects , no more hard work
 I was given the 5.0 version for my birthday this year - as an addicted cross stitcher , I find this to be an essential addtion to my tools - the software is easy to use , the patterns easy to manipulate , and the overall results are wonderful ! if you 've ever wanted to create a fabric picture from your photos , this is the only way to go !!
 I really like this software . It 's so easy to use that I did n't even read the directions . I was easily able to transfer my . jpg image into the program and print out my design pattern the first time I used it . The program matches the colors in your design to the floss colors on the market , so you do n't have to agonize over which shade of floss might be too light or too dark , etc. . A wonderful tool for someone who wants to save time , or is not a good judge of colors .
 It 's easy to use , and the results are great if you know what you 're doing . It takes some practice to learn to create patterns to look exactly what you 're seeing in your mind 's eye . But I highly recommend this software .
 This software allows me to design by own patterns or import scanned images . I 'm amazed at how well it works with imported images . The program creates a cross-stitch pattern from the image . It allowed me to change the colors , pick the stitch count , calculate the fabric size , etc. . If you go to -LSB- local website -RSB- , you will be able to buy patterns to import directly into the program .
 The USB adapter worked perfectly right out of the box . I did n't have to worry with any driver or firmware installations as other people seem to have had to do . I agree with the running observation that the software is dated . But that is not really a critique . It does what it is supposed to do very well . It 's too advanced for my 5yr old to use on her own but I 've enjoyed revisiting the piano with it.I did take lessons as a child for a few years but never got far . I understand music notation already so I may not be the best judge but it seems to be straight forward and easy to understand . I love the fact that you can chose weather to just slide through the lessons or do it over until it 's perfect . At least you do n't have to worry about getting too board before the software will allow you to continue , and for perfectionists you can easily work on it until you get it right!One great feature , it comes with a midi recording station to record your own performances to directly to midi . Good design over all and for less than the cable itself would have cost at the local store , a really great deal !
 Using the software and hardware included in this package I was able to connect my Yamaha keyboard to my computer , and use the software to begin to learn to play the piano.Teach Me Piano is an older software program -LRB- and it shows -RRB- that competently teaches piano playing . There are videos to show proper hand positions , exercises to teach you to play , and evaluations of your performance . While this is an older program , it works well on my more modern laptop and is quite good.One note , the cabling works as all standard MIDI cabling does ; you plug the `` out '' cable into the `` in '' on the piano , and vice versa . If you plug the `` out '' into the `` out '' it wo n't work . I 've heard people whine about this in reviews , but this has been part of the MIDI standard for decades and is just the way that it works .
 My friend has both emedia and teach me piano . The former is more like a traditional classroom teaching . The latter involves practice from the very beginning . Before you finishing first chaptor , you are able to play a real song . Very rewarding . I am going to buy my own teach me piano .
 I was looking for a USB-to-MIDI cable to hook up my Yamaha keyboard to my computer , and came across this . As this kit of the USB cable and piano-teaching software only cost a few dollars more than just buying the USB-to-MIDI cable , I bought this instead . FYI , I 'm an adult who 's just learning how to play piano for the first time.The USB-to-MIDI cable works great . It 's a Turtle-Beach brand cable that 's about 10ft . long . I was able to install the driver software and start using the cable right away . It 's great to be able to play the MIDI files I 've downloaded and have them sound fantastic through the Yamaha keyboard . I 've even managed to download a freeware sequencer software and record my first `` song '' -LRB- a one-handed rendition of Oh ! Susanna -RRB- . The teaching software is good , but as others have noted , is dated and it shows . It runs without any problems -LRB- so far -RRB- on my Windows XP laptop . The program runs fullscreen at 800x600 resolution -- so if you have a 20 + inch flat panel running at 1600x1200 desktop resolution , your eyes will suffer and your sense of aesthetics will be highly offended ! As far as I can tell , there 's no option to run the program in a window.Once I got past the initial `` yikes '' factor -LRB- of the screen resolution and display -RRB- , I am finding that I am learning far more with this software 's combination of onscreen tutorials , video clips -LRB- of someone actually playing the piano -RRB- and audio instructions , and keyboard-to-computer interface and its immediate feedback , than I have been with a couple of teach-yourself-piano type books . This software is n't too big on theory or preparation -LRB- finger exercises , etc. -RRB- , but is good for getting you actually start learning with the keyboard.There 's another program included called `` Songbook , '' which comes with 75 songs that you can learn to play ; you can watch the program play it with proper timing , and then try to play it yourself , either by reading the music properly or by cheating and reading the numbers above the treble staff -LRB- for example , `` 1 '' is the middle C chord , `` 2 '' is D , etc. -RRB- . There 's also a rudimentary grading built into the lessons and the Songbook.You 're supposed to be able to download MIDIs from the internet and import them into the Songbook and learn to play them , but so far I have not been able to do so -LRB- unexpected program error blah blah blah -RRB- . I 've only tried a couple , and will try others and update the review later on this aspect of the software.I 'd give the USB-to-MIDI cable 5 stars in a heartbeat , and the sofware probably 4 stars . I 'll round up and give the whole package 5 stars . For an extra few dollars beyond buying just the USB-to-MIDI cable , this is a good value and choice for those just starting out on learning to play piano .
 This review is about the USB Midi connector that it comes with . At first it did n't work with my Yamama PSR-350 keyboard . Signals from the keyboard were not received by the computer . But I downloaded a firmware upgrade from the Turtle Beach website , and then everything worked fine . I have n't tried the software yet .
 Just what we needed for our small business but lacks the ability to send out an individualized statement to each of our customers , otherwise I would have rated it 5 stars .
 I really like the software . I LOVE how you can email the estimates/invoices . The emails they produce are very professional and exactly that I wanted to see .
 I have had my PC for 8 months and it was not not working properly . My friend told me that I need to remove clutter to speed it up . I came across numerous utilities and did not want to purchase them all . My PC came with a pre-loaded antivirus software , but the trial ended a few months ago.I liked WinCleaner Complete PC Care , because it has everything for one price . What I really liked about it after I downloaded it on to my PC is that the Antivirus runs automatically on its own and once every few days I use Complete PC Care 's Auto Button to clean up and maintain the PC . I do not know what exactly it does , but my PC works perfectly afterwards and it has never been faster.I recommend this product to anyone who does not have a clue about using utility products . I have not tried all of the other software products , but I can not imagine any other one being more easier than simply clicking one button .
 I bought this company 's One Click Cleanup and I loved it ! I wondered if I really needed to buy their higher end version and thought I 'd give it a shot . For just over 65 bucks it seemed like a steal compared to the other ones I have tried . I like this one even better ! It is easy to use and does everything to keep my computer running smoothly . I have n't had any trouble with viruses and spyware since I got it . Everyone should have this product on their computer ; I love it .
 This program has worked great in Win XP and Win 2000 , both cleaning the registry and eliminating a lot of other extraneous stuff . I highly recommend it , and it 's a good value . It is a little glitchy on older computers with Win 98SE , but I guess that 's to be expected . I attribute that more to the age of the machines .
 If you are using the internet for movies , music , photos etc this is a great PC cleaner for the money . You still need virus protection software but to keep your system running fast this is a quick way to clean up temp files , cookies , etc. . A friend recommended this many years ago and I have this running on all my machines . It 's quick and easy to install , user friendly and will make a big difference on how your PC performs .
 Holy Qur ` an theBook from God , I loved this software , it contains every chapter of qur ` an ... it worth what i paid for .
 As the other reviewer noted , Photoshop users will be on home ground here , but some basic Painter functionality seems to be lost . The `` new '' brushes are not really worth spending money for a new version , if you do n't have any version of Painter already . Painter 7 is a fine program , with a vast functionality , though its learning curve is steep . Along with my compatriot , I mourn the loss of the capable and extremely useful expressions palette . The mixing window is fun , and I would suppose it to be useful to those who can not mix colors easily . Once again , mixing , then eyedropper choosing was very easy before.The new brushes palette is not that hard to use , but what really new brushes are there ? None that I can see . The Photoshop-like layout is not bad , but why change the interface so much , and not include some of Photoshop 's best features ? How about some really new filters that no version of Painter ever had ? How about allowing difference , color , multiply , lighten , and so forth brush functions on the canvas , like Photoshop does ? -LRB- If Painter 8 does this , I 've missed it ! -RRB- Now for the good ... if a new user wants to get a Photoshop interface , then this is the program to get , considering it 's half the price of Photoshop . For those who want Painter 's wonderful brush engine , this version supplies a great deal of it at a great lowering in price from the earlier releases . This really is a fine program , capable of incredible raster graphics . The brushes are great , and the capabilities it presents for designing one 's own brushes is a great plus . I like Adobe 's interface , but I also liked Painter 's interface . Six of one , half a dozen of these over here for me . By the way , the color choosing palettes are still the same as any of Painter 's earlier releases , which is vastly superior to Adobe 's anemic , hard to use color palette.Is Corel afraid Painter will supercede their raster graphics programs ? -LRB- Corel Draw is a vector map graphics interface , hard to use , since it 's a memory hog of colossal proportions . -RRB- I do not have the answer to that question . For my uses , I find Painter 's earlier releases from 5 on up to and including 7 to be superior to ALL the other graphics programs I 've ever used put together . That includes Adobe Photoshop , up to and inclusive of 6 , Fauve Matisse , TV Paint , Ulead Photoimpact , XRes , Corel Photopaint , Pixia , Paint Shop Pro , and several others scarcely worth bothering to remember . All the named programs are fine , but only Ulead 's program comes within sighting range of Painter for creating raster graphics . Adobe 's fine program boasts excellent printing capabilities , and a suite of fine filters , but , even for editing photographs , I find Painter better , even this latest version.My opinion ? Painter 8 is a fine program at a reasonable price compared to Adobe Photoshop and Painter 7 . For those interested in serious computer graphics and creating art , I will highly recommend it .
 I am reluctant to give this program a low rating , being a long-time user and having a true dedication to Painter . It deserves a high rating for its functionality overall , by all means ; but the changes made in this new version do not deserve even three stars . They hardly justify the version number change , in fact , just as it was the case with Painter 7 . The changes between 6 and 7 at least were in function -LRB- insignificant as they were , like the new watercolor engine that still did n't look quite like watercolor , or perspective grids which support only 1-point perspective -RRB- . The changes between 7 and 8 are cosmetic at best
 I 've been using Painter since it 's very inception as `` Sketcher '' -- a b & w version that was sold in a cigar box to imitate a sketcher 's kit of charcoal and pencils . The ensuing versions added virtual artists ' media like oils , chalks , pencils and pens and textured papers to allow digital artists to create some astounding work.Painter 8.0 is now marketed by Corel , and it 's definitely been slimmed down ; the loading time for installation was very fast , indicating that the program overhead had been lightened considerably . Some improved features :1 . Mixer Palette allows mixing of colors interactively -- a big plus . Before , you only had the option to mix colors with a kind of blending algorithm and no control at all .2 . Brush controls now are on a slider panel ; you pull down the brush after loading the type of brush -LRB- oil , water , chalk , for example -RRB- and then can change the size with the slider . No need to pull down a menu to do this .3 . The watercolor brush has been improved tremendously ; the effect is like watercolor and wash , not just a smeary or blurred effect . It looks wet .4 . The Image Hose -LRB- a brush that sprays or paints images rather than a stroke of paint -RRB- now has a fun cousin ; a brush that lays down a flat stroke of patterns in a similar way . You can paint with feathers , stucco pattern and this is a very good enhancement to the idea of a digital image brush . For the image hose , you load pre-created images as the nozzle or make a custom nozzle from your own images . The pattern brush uses pre-loaded patterns -LRB- like the stucco -RRB- or you can create a pattern , capturing it from a graphic , and load it instead . This pattern brush is a wonderful addition.This program got an award from MacWorld -LRB- it comes in Win or Mac versions -RRB- and I think it deserves the award . While I use Photoshop Elements for photo manipulation , I still prefer Painter for digital art creation . This new version really impressed me .
 Today , a creative professional can only notice how mature the graphics software industry has become , new software are offering more and more features that are using more and more computer resources , without being adding real marginal benefits . New upgrades are only to keep the products alive , on the expense of making them more cumbresome.Painter 8 is a different story altogether!Corel has made a great effort to make this upgrade of a previously clunky yet powerful product , a much more versatile , standardised and user-friendly juggernault . Gone are the days where you have to hopelessly search among dozens of panels for a particular brush , style or method . A slick bar at the top dynamically changes according to the tool you 're using , where you set the size , opacity , curviness . . etc.Another thing that was greatly improved is the process of choosing the brush -LRB- that used to be very annoying with the old selective dimming -RRB- . The brush selector is tucked at the upper right part of the screen -LRB- also in that slick bar , -RRB- in a much more logical and standardised way.One also has the feeling that painter 8 was given something similar to the Macormedia MX treatment , where the palettes can be customised into different panels and the layout saved according to the project.The mixer panel IS useful , and is very consistant with the philosophy of this new painter release
 I come from years of experience using Photoshop . I was VERY pleased to find out that the interface is VERY similar to Photoshop , so the learning curve was very very low . I find it extremely easy to learn.I find it interesting that in some areas it is the BEST program , and in other areas it stinks . It has by far the most powerful painting/drawing brushes anywhere . Simply amazing . It puts Photoshop to shame . But then simple things like Transforms -LRB- rotate , scale , etc -RRB- are just plain bad ! For example , when you scale or rotate something , all you see is the bounding box ... you can not see how the image looks until you commit to it . Also , if you have a layer mask on a layer , and you then scale or rotate the layer , the layer mask is deleted.If you 're looking to use Painter as a total replacement for Photoshop , you will be disappointed . Use Painter for your artwork -LRB- painting/drawing -RRB- , and do most everything else in Photoshop ! 4 of 5 stars is pretty high ... that 's because the brushes are soooo good ! : -RRB- John
 I got this for my daughter for Christmas knowing it was a little advanced for her age . We installed it and checked it out anyways . There 's trivia ... lots and lots of trivia .
 Computer atlas and map programs can easily become either too bogged down with silly multimedia files , or dry and boring , with endless similar maps that do n't tell you anything about the actual culture . Microsoft has avoided both of these things with an outstanding atlas that is interactive , informative , and fun.At the foundation are the maps . They are extremely detailed , showing both major and minor cities in nearly every country . At each level of magnification , more and more towns appear , until at the highest level it seems like wall to wall names in some countries . There are several different map styles for each map - comprehensive , political , population , religion . My personal favorite is `` view from space at night . '' It is truly beautiful to see the Earth the way planets on Star Trek look from the Bridge.The articles and multimedia are adequate - they give you a taste of the culture and history of the countries , and point you in the right direction if you require more information . The package includes much of the same statistical information you would find in a good almanac , and the interface allows easy comparison of information.This software is going to keep me busy and inquisitive for hours . I would unhesitatingly recommend it .
 I think this product towers above all other interactive atlases is because this atlas has alot of rich features , such as
 I am no fan of the evil Microsoft . Mordor . But this is a great world atlas .
 I 've been a loyal follower of the Virtual Globe/Interactive World Atlas series since 1998 , and the product is without a shadow doubt a very fine piece of software and worth your $ 45 . However , I 'm beginning to become a little bit irritated at the Microsoft philosophy of installing everything including the kitchen sink -LRB- and perhaps the bathroom sink , the utility room sink , your neighbor 's sink ... -RRB- to run something . Upon entering the setup process , the program proceeds to install IE 5.5 , Outlook Express , MSN Messenger , and a whole host of other totally nonrelated software with no options at all to NOT install them beforehand . I have problems with IE 5.5 because it reloads frames every time a target is clicked , which can take a LONG time if the frame is packed with images . It no longer jumps immediately to a target in a frame . Sigh ... I see no excuse to dump all the unneeded software like Outlook and MSN Messenger to a user 's machine without their having an option not to . Luckily , despite its claiming to `` require '' IE 5.5 , I was able to uninstall 5.5 and go back to 5.01 with no apparent problems in the software . This even more leads me to believe that Microsoft is simply pushing its new browsers versions more and more aggressively.Anyway , what 's new in the 2001 version ? There is a new map style , the `` Flat map '' , and it shows the world as you 'd see it on a Mercator projection paper map . Also , you can now switch from the default place names to their local variants . Moscow becomes Moskva , Munich becomes M&uuml;nchen , etc. . It 's a nice touch and makes it possible to locate features you may hear of which are in their local tongue . There are more images and they are high quality . Apparently , Microsoft has teamed up with Corbis to some extent for pictures as a number of them have that company credited for the shot . There are additions to most other features of the program , some new videos , lots of new text , and of course the world flyovers and music . Some features seem pretty half-hearted and I 'm sorry that they have not gotten better . The ecoregion and language maps are rather undetailed and the national anthems seem to be still provided as MIDI files rather than MP3 or some other sound format , so their quality varies greatly depending on your sound hardware.Overall , I still love the series . As a GIS/geography graduate I feel qualified to praise Microsoft 's developers highly for incorporating such huge amounts of data into a cohesive and fascinating product . If only all their products were as wonderful as this one is!If this product does n't provide all the world city images you could ask for , give my page with over 4400 more a look at www.worldcityphotos.org
 I wrote a hasty review of Painter 8 after only one day of haphazard dabbling with the program , and I have to now eat my words . I 've spent a few more days working with the program , and it 's a much better upgrade than my initial impressions -LRB- and review -RRB- indicated.What I did n't remember is that this is not merely an upgrade but a REVISION of the program . One must come to this without the preconceptions learned from using previous iterations of this fine product . The lack of responsiveness in the brush or pen line thickness variations was due to my not having recorded a stroke in the stroke pressure setup panel ... something I had not had to do before , as I did this in the Wacom Tablet stroke pressure setup panel -LRB- under Preferences -RRB- and that had sufficed to generate satisfying results in Painter 6 and 7 . -LRB- I have n't found whether the Painter 8 documentation mentions the necessity of setting up one 's stroke pressure preferences anew in the program , but it is necessary to achieve satisfactory mark-making sensitivity . -RRB- As I get more acclimated to the new interface I have to admit that Painter 8 is pretty darn nifty . I do n't know if this is such a dramatic upgrade from Painter 7 -- aside from the drastically improved interface -- but it is worthy enough for me to withdraw my earlier cavils and give this program 5 Stars.Depending on your computer 's processing power , some stroke rendering can be slow , but this was true of earlier versions of Painter , as well . This is an attribute of the complex computations required to render the particular effect , and not a unique defect with this version of the program.Anyone who already uses Painter will love the streamlined interface . Whether the new features are sufficient to warrant an upgrade -- the new interface aside -- must lie within the judgement of each Painter user . For those new to the program ... go , buy , use , ENJOY .
 Today , a creative professional can only notice how mature the graphics software industry has become , new software are offering more and more features that are using more and more computer resources , without being adding real marginal benefits . New upgrades are only to keep the products alive , on the expense of making them more cumbresome.Painter 8 is a different story altogether!Corel has made a great effort to make this upgrade of a previously clunky yet powerful product , a much more versatile , standardised and user-friendly juggernault . Gone are the days where you have to hopelessly search among dozens of panels for a particular brush , style or method . A slick bar at the top dynamically changes according to the tool you 're using , where you set the size , opacity , curviness . . etc.Another thing that was greatly improved is the process of choosing the brush -LRB- that used to be very annoying with the old selective dimming -RRB- . The brush selector is tucked at the upper right part of the screen -LRB- also in that slick bar , -RRB- in a much more logical and standardised way.One also has the feeling that painter 8 was given something similar to the Macormedia MX treatment , where the palettes can be customised into different panels and the layout saved according to the project.The mixer panel IS useful , and is very consistant with the philosophy of this new painter release
 Painter is an amazing program I have been using it since version 4 . It is the best thing out there for realistic painterly effects on a computer . The new interface in Painter 8 is a great new feature . Much better than the old way . The toolbar and menus take up much less screen space than the old pallettes .
 It took me a few months to break down and buy this . I had Painter Classic and Painter 7 , and I liked them , but they were n't what I really wanted.Painter 8 was exactly what I was looking for . The color mixer is wonderful ! I can finally get the colors I want quickly and easily . The new interface is so intuitive and not at all intrusive like Painter 7 's . The new brushes are brushes I want and use . Painter 7 had a lot of the same brushes with few variations organized in a haphazard fashion.If you enjoy the look of natural media , and you enjoy the flexiblility and forgivability of digital media , Painter 8 is for you . I am so glad I bought it . I just wish I had purchased it earlier . It is a big improvement over 7 .
 I was taking a course in Computer Graphics and was introduced to Painter through the course . I had always used Adobe Photoshop so I had no idea what Painter would be like.Fo those people who are not familair with computer graphics programs , Painter makes it easy to learn . You can learn so many things with just playing around with the various tools . Painter makes it easy for anyone to learn how to make a graphic . This is one of the best programs I have worked with over an extended period of time ! Thanks so much Corel for making a product worth buying !
 Painter is * the * tool for creating the look and feel of natural media in a digital environment . Having upgraded from Painter classic , the new features at my disposal were breathtaking.A tablet is practically a prerequisite to take full advantage of the program . I 'm using the cheap $ 100 6x8 Graphire , but I understand a Wacom Intuos will add the program 's ability to determine which way your pen is tilted and whether you swivel the pen or not.I 've made the switch from working in natural media to working 100 % digital a couple of years back - but the switch would not have been possible without Painter .
 This is one of my favorite softwares , you wo n`t go wrong.In a nut shell : it ` s like taking your favorite art store with paints , brushes , paper and canvases and putting them ALL in your computer and then throwing some things you ca n`t find in that store too
 I use Kaleidagraph for plotting and fitting data in the research group I work in . Kaleidagraph produces good plots without the `` graph junk '' that other plotting programs seem to insist on adding to graphs . The new version runs natively under OS X and can handle much larger files than version 3.0.x . Kaleidagraph can read data from Excel files and text files with Mac or Unix line endings . Plots can be exported to various graphic formats including JPEG , PNG , and high resolution TIFF . Another useful feature is that data can be saved in a plot file and extracted from the plot later . It comes with several built-in fit functions and allows you to define your own fit function . All in all , I find Kaleidagraph to be a solid plotting program with good fitting capabilities .
 If you have windows 2000 server than this is for you . this is added onto windows 2000 server . The feature are Active Directory Integration , Active Directory Connector , Internet Information Services -LRB- IIS -RRB- Integration , Multiple Message Databases , Storage Groups , Clustering , Distributed Services , Fault-Tolerant Message Routing , Enhanced Outlook Web Access , URL Addressing , Unified Messaging Platform , Document Properties , Support for HTTP and XML , System Monitoring , Conferencing Multi-Client Support , Event Model , Workflow Designer for Exchange 2000 , Workflow Applications With Business Logic , and more . I could only tell you that is great for your buesiness . If you have a big company or small business . Trust me this will fit your needs .
 Now with the QuicKeys and Mac OS 9 you can : - Launch shortcuts with speech commands , hot keys and toolbars . - Open programs and menus , schedule tasks , and switch printers . - Record and Play back tasks ; and - Customize your Mac to your work habits.A few important chapter listings of QuicKeys 5.0 Addendum to the QuicKeys ManualChapter I - What 's New in QuicKeys 5.0 New Features and Enhancements Mac OS Compatibility Plug-ins and Shortcut Types Long Shortcut NamesInterface Changes The QuicKeys Editor The Shortcut Properties Dialog The Create/View PaletteChapter 2 - QuicKeys Toolbars The Toolbars Tab Toolbar Settings Adding Shortcuts to Toolbars Deleting Shortcuts from Toolbars Launching Toolbars from ToolbarsQuicKeys 5.0 is fully compatible with the multi-user environment available in Mac OS 9 . Each registered Normal , Limited , and Panels users can maintain individual Shortcuts and preference settings . This works well on a shared computer running Mac OS 9 . QuicKeys 5.0 for Macintosh now includes - Mac OS 9 multi-user support . - Use of voice commands to trigger shortcuts . - Employ pop-out toolbars to save even more screen space . - New day-of-the-week triggers that perform actions at specified times . - Privacy from `` prying eyes '' using the Screen Lock function . - Create tabbed toolbars for easy access to different sets of shortcuts . - Increase shortcut names from 13 to over 250 characters . - Text tool now holds 8 times the amount of text.Personal ObservationI have been using QuicKeys from version 3 and 4 to make my Mac computer work faster for me . I highly recommend QuicKeys to my clients and friends for easy of use and for automating functions.How did I avoid hand wrestling with my computer mouse ? I was able to eliminate unnecessary hand and wrist motions with my computer mouse when I had to complete several time consuming OCR -LRB- Optical Character Reader -RRB- projects.For example , I use OmniPage Pro for scanning information for my projects . By using QuicKeys , I was able to assign control function keys for OmniPage Pro 's Scan Image , Perform OCR and Save As functions . Using these keyboard commands makes my work project easier plus saves me hours.Pro ReactionQuicKeys 5.0 is a time saver for Mac users using Mac OS 9 with its more robust features for reducing work project time . QuicKeys 5.0 is an excellent needed upgrade for the serious Mac users with fast Mac GS 3 and GS 4 computers . Also , QuicKeys is fun for new iMac computer users who want to add new toolbars and keyboard functions to their game menus.QuicKeys 5.0 makers saved paper by eliminating unnecessary printing of new manuals . The Addendum to QuicKeys 4.0 manual is concise . It shows you how to use the new functions of QuicKeys 5.0 . Con ReactionI missed not having a Short Guide for using QuicKeys 5.0 . The guide could have included installing the program , trouble shooting and launching programs for the first time QuicKeys user . Examples and Task projects for using QuicKeys could have included in the manuals . Also , a new Mac owner &#8217; s manual with visual instructions for using the QuicKeys functions would be appreciated.Final NotesControl Your Macintosh computer . Especially for Mac OS 9 users.QuicKeys is the leading automation utility software . The new QuicKeys version 5.0 adds speech triggers , day-of-the-week timers , tabbed and pop-out toolbars , time-saving features and improvements.Hot keys , speech triggers , and powerful toolbars are the ways QuicKeys offers you complete control of your Mac.The winner of several industry awards , QuicKeys for Macintosh repeatedly proves to be the top automation utility available . ... System Requirements - Macintosh computers running OS 8.5 , works BEST with Mac OS 9 - Power PC or G3/G4 - 32 MB of RAM - 8 MB Hard Disk Space - Some QuicKeys plug-ins require Internet ConnectionPricing and AvailabilityQuicKeys 5.0 for Macintosh ... An upgrade from version 4.0 is ... ... Company ProfileSince 1981 , CE Software , Inc. has developed automation utilities and E-mail software that save time and effort for millions of Macintosh users , and Microsoft Windows 95/98 , Windows NT . ... Paul Gerstenbluth ... is President of the ARIE Foundation . The ARIE Foundation &#8217; s mission is to provide VA hospitalized patients with hobby materials and computers that helps in their stay and recovery .
 I have used Symantec and McAfee . I shopped and compared anti-virus products after Symantec brought my machine to a halt . After lots of calls , unsuccessful un-installs , the only way to solve the Symantec problems was to get rid of it and do a clean Windows XP install - re-format the hard drive . Never again Symantec!After a lot of reviews I chose BitDefender . I had one glitch in installation , but talking to a REAL LIVE TECH SUPPORT PERSON -LRB- amazing ! -RRB- on the phone solved that.It has been fine . If it is slower than any other programs , I do n't notice it on downloads and the scans are done nightly while I sleep.Appears to be effective , simple and stable .
 I 've used several firewall/anti-virus packages . None of them have been as good as Bitdefender Antivirusplus . It has the firewall , anti-virus , spam detection and more . It 's easy to use and any questions you have will be answered promptly by their support staff . It is a little slower than some of the other packages when performing a system scan , but it 's thourough and for me the time is n't that critical .
 BitDefender is the best antivirus , firewall and internet security software you can get , period . If you do n't believe me , read the technical reviews in PC magazine . Something the technical review will not tell you , is that BitDefender is easy to use , user-friendly and the manufactur is always easy to work with and very helpful . Simply put , it 's the best !
 I am a teacher , and I 'm upgrading from using Garageband on the mac to using Reason and Protools , so that my youth can develop the necessary skills that people in the industry are looking for.If you do n't know Reason , then the DVD tutorial is a must . Even then , to get really deep into it , you may consider taking a class or getting mentored by someone who uses it alot . It is dramatically more complicated than Garageband , but it has so many more possibilities.Reason is not for the beginner , but if you do start with it , get the support and it wo n't let you down .
 If you 're trying to learn German , in depth , then you should by one of the modern language programs which are more up to date . I got this software back in 1999 while I was in highschool . It was great for teaching me the basics . I got straight A 's in German 1 ; I never took German 2 because I graduated . Wish I had though . In this software , after you learn the basics you are thrown into a tough area . This is what blocked me . It was too much of a jump . Also , the internet references and downloads are no longer active . It never worked for me back in 1999/2000 anyway . The company no longer makes German language products and has changed its address . If you just want a good cheap introductory -LRB- with a nice book on grammar -RRB- , then go ahead and buy this . If you want an up to date program with support and a community , buy a new one . I still use this application for reading and listening .
 I also used this product while I was learning German in high school . I 've used other products and LiveMocha , but I really like this interactive application so I can hear and read the words . I 've found it useful over the years and I think it 's great if you want to learn some German for fun .
 Ben and Becky turn into all kinds of things to help me think BIG . So much to explore and everything place has something different to do .
 This lego game is very fun as you can go all over your created city and see your city move . You can say this game is like sim city . This is a very rare game . -LSB- ... -RSB- I have never been happen to see this game on windows XP .
 There are endless possibilities for this game . enjoy building your own buildings brick by brick . With Lego Creator , almost anything can be turned into a car or a plane and its fun to drive them around . Personalize Lego charachters and walk around as them from multiple veiws . If you do n't want to create your own things , pre built cars , buildings , people , and everything else are available with the click of a mouse . Zoom modes let you decide what veiw is best . If you have trouble understanding the controls many tutorials are provided . Must have game for Lego fans .
 I bought this game at wal-mart expecting something so fun and it turned out to be so dumb , on the cover it says `` Decorate and Ride the Horse of you Dreams ! '' yeah right it only give you 6 different horses to choose from and a 8 different designs that you decorate the horse with -LRB- you can mix/and match them -RRB- . The only Disney princess that sounds like her self is bella and snow white 's voice is SO ANNOYING . When you ride the horse it is so easy and dumb because a bird tweets when you should press the space bar.When you first start there is -LRB- i think -RRB- ten ribbons you choose which color you want -LRB- it does n't matter which one -RRB- to start the thing about it is that you do n't remember which one you where playing with so you to check each one so annoying . The only good thing about this game is that my 6 year old brother likes it and my sister who has down syndrome absoluty loves it . She plays it as much as possible . I have to help her a little bit with the riding but other than that she does it her self . She loves cinderella but the only time she -LRB- cinderella -RRB- is on is the beginning .
 My daughter loves this game . we were so happy to find it here as it is not available in the stores anymore . It was reasonably priced and arrived quickly .
 I read the other reviews on this item , including A. Dagley 's and they were right . Even though the item description here on Amazon says its a DVD-ROM that 's for Windows XP , Amazon is sending out something else . This version is the CD-ROM that 's made for Windows 95/98/ME . The game itself is great . My kids had the Windows 95/98/ME version for years on their old computer and LOVED it . My son started playing it when he was about 4 . It 's great in that it 's a game you can get even the youngest of kids , and there 's nothing in it that 's violent or intimidating to them.I just wish this had been the Windows XP version of this game like Amazon said it was , since this was to be a birthday gift for a little boy turning 4 years old tomorrow and his family was just given a computer with Windows XP on it , so it will not work on it . -LRB- This version crashes on XP -RRB-
 My boys love the first version of this , on CD-ROM , but it crashes repeatedly . When we tried to order the DVD version from Amazon , we received the CD-ROM -LRB- which we already had -RRB- two different times . I do n't think they have remedied the problem , because they did n't offer to find and send us this product .
 Excellent DVD for four year old and Dad to watch together .
 I recommend this to everybody its help me progress so much . You can play this at your own pace and slowly progress or quickly progress it 's totally up to you .
 Let me start by saying that Proteus X2 can only be used with the E-MU midi controllers ... so buyer beware !! This software is incredible !!! It turns the E-MU midi controller into a custom keyboard with more sounds then you could ever imagine . In addition to the 4 discs worth of sounds/drum patterns that came with this program , I purchased the E-MU xBoard25 which came with an additional 3 discs worth of sounds -LRB- Protean Drums , Mo Phatt , and World sounds -RRB- all out of the ESC soundsets . The proteus program in itself allows you to manipulate any of the included sounds to however you desire and provides you with limitless possibilities while creating music . I am using this program in tandem with Sonar 3 producer edition and after a little bit of work with the plug in 's it was up and running without any problems . The Sound quality of the samples/sounds included are top rate as well ... . Overall . . I Would highly recommend this software to anyone looking for a good sound bank !!
 Concur with previous reviewer . Wonderful soft-synth to use with Cakewalk products . Expandable with ESC -LRB- Emu Sound Central -RRB- instrument collections . Saves a ton of space in my small home studio .
 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what a difference , in this new world of software sounds , hardwareis starting to get more wise . I have this E-MU Proteus X2 for 3 yearsnow , and I have pretty much gathered up the other libraies , and stillpurchasing from digital sound factory , even more stuff.Let me say , it does the job well , in its capacity.There are now more software synths out there , with even betterquality ; however , it goes with its price as well.I remember the Modern Symphony Orchestra selling for $ 399.00 There is a few companies doing the same thing , only $ 499.00 andgoing to $ 1000.00 just for the expanded upgrade.One day I will too do this ; however , with the Proteus X2 you canshape each sound to get it perfect for the moment of inflectionto last you forever.EMU !!!!! CREATIVE , it has been fun.-Later
 Update 1/2011 . I 've had this product for a year now , and I bumped my review from 3 stars to 4 . -LRB- Until recently , Amazon did n't let you change the # of stars . I 'm glad they changed . -RRB- I 've improved my rating because despite this product 's imperfections , it 's a good midi interface , and the Proteus sound banks are fun to play with . The remainder of the review is my original text.I had a similar experience as Manko Eponymous when I tried to install ProteusX2 software on my new Dell laptop running Windows 7 Home Premium Edition . I spent an hour installing it , then it did n't run . I could n't get it to run no matter what permissions I tried . I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the software , and it still would n't run.Then I remembered that I had already installed the free version of the Proteus software , Proteus VX . Proteus VX is a great free soft synth on its own , but I found out after Proteus X2 that I paid for would n't run , Proteus VX could open up all of the soundbanks that came with X2 . Proteus VX has a couple cripped features , including the lack of ability to stream samples from disc , but nothing I ca n't live with . The St. Thomas Strings soundbank sounds beautiful . The free VX version has a particular advantage over the X2 version in that the VX version will run over any working midi interface and with your computer 's built-in soundcard . The paid X2 version requires either a hardware EMU soundcard or an Emu keyboard controller or Emu midi interface.Now , about the Xmidi 2x2 midi interface
 As a dad , and otherwise busy guy , I had just about given up on learning to play the guitar . I had looked into regular classes , but could not find the time . After reading the other reviews I decided to try once more with Play Guitar , and I am glad I did.My musical tastes run the gamut from classical to metal , with bits of everything in between , so I was hoping to get a good start on the classical and finger-style end of playing , and then work my way to other styles . I seem to have found exactly what I needed.The lessons have been set up as a series of building blocks , with an emphasis on learning correct finger and fret hand position and use . As you continue and practice , the exercises build on each other and lead into more difficult bits . I am currently half way through and have been taking about a week to go through each separate lesson . It could probably have been done faster , but -LRB- see the section above , `` dad '' -RRB- I have been taking my time to make sure that I learn the section correctly.The video and diagrams are very helpful and playing with the accompaniment is challenging and really helps to get your playing up to speed . TAB notation is well explained and there are plenty of helps available in the reference section.Your mileage may vary , but I have been so pleased that I also purchased Play Electric Guitar.Enjoy !
 Play Guitar is a really easy to use guitar software program . I especially like the multiple angles of the video to see the right and left hand together . I also bought the Emedia program , which I found very dry and barely used . I also picked up a Hal Leonard book , which has n't been nearly as effective as this guitar software program . It really feels like I have a personal instructor in my house with the videos and audio . I got both the Play Guitar and Play Electric Guitar software programs . Play Guitar teaches skills you could use on both acoustic and electric guitars vs. Play Electric Guitar , which is definitely geared to electric . Well done .
 I bought this product a few months ago , having never played guitar , and having not played any instrument at all in 21 years.The software is easy to use and clear to follow . As advertised , it clearly teaches the basics of guitar , but there are holes which can be filled using the internet and possibly an instructor.There would also be some benefit to having a chart included to show actual notes along with the fret number methind that is successfully employed.The teaching method employed is step progression , learning an easy song and steadiky increasing in difficulty .
 I have been using Namo Web Editor for two years now and it is great . The site management features and easy-to-use interface has allowed me to create personal and business sites with little effort . I also use Front Page , but Namo has more features and you do n't need those Front Page extensions to use ALL of the features in Namo . Before you buy Front Page try Namo , it is worth the -LSB- money -RSB- ...
 The product is awesome . You do n't need to look at the manual to start . I built my home page with variety of features in a couple of hours . It took me several days with Frontpage . A lot easier to use than Frontpage . Moreover , the price is so good . It also provides a lot of art-clips so we can simply choose among them . If you are considering Frontpage , you should try this product .
 I was a loyal user of Frontpage . Yeah I used Frontpage 2002 a lot before . But I found this great software
 If you 're interested in NAMO WebEditor 5.0 , consider that Namo is offering a free upgrade to WebEditor 5.5 to those that have purchased 5.0 . The upgrade comes in the form of a downloadable patch available on the Namo web page . Go to
 Say goodbye to FrontPage when you can get all the functionality right here . Do n't worry about FrontPage extensions anymore . Namo has everything in one package - create your page , FTP your work and you are published ! Highly recommend .
 Great package of software from Roxio . Does everything you need to create CD 's on your computer ! Recommended !
 This software , while lacking some refinement in the menus and in customer service , does the job it says it will
 Today I used this program to rip a Lion 's Gate DVD that was CSS protected to two VCDs that I later played in my DVD player and they played 100 % well . Of course that the VCD quality was less than a DVD was but the movie was still watchable . It took 92 minutes to read and record too , but the point is that it worked and it was only 10 dollars .
 Not bad for the bucks . There are some commercially available DVD 's which can not be copied , so this software does not get around that . But for the money , and simplicity , it aint too bad .
 It took me a while to get the hang of DVD Burning , but now that I 've gotten it down , it 's so simple . The three problems with this software are -LRB- 1 -RRB- Spyware - Never a good thing to have , but removable ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- Speed - Takes several hours for one DVD -LRB- but hey , it 's so inexpensive ! -RRB- and -LRB- 3 -RRB- It does not burn encrypted DVD 's , like most programs . However , there are programs out there that `` override '' encryptions . Once you find the right one to work with this program , burning is a snap !
 I suspect the 2004 version of `` Cosmi DVD Ripper '' had the DVD-decoding software removed so you can no longer rip copyright-protected DVDs because of that Federal Court Ruling in February -LRB- Maybe the US Supreme Court should sort this whole DVD-burning/fair use/copyright-thing out -RRB- . I purchased the original version of `` Cosmi DVD Ripper '' in the fall 2003 and it made decent back-up copies of my DVDs . However it is very slow and only copies about 100 minutes worth of movie material . But for $ 10 , it does the job .
 SO much cheaper than a DVD burner , and many DVD burners wo n't let you burn something . I have n't come across one DVD I ca n't copy . It is a tad slow , but it does n't take any longer than watching the movie.The software is pretty simple to use if you know how to turn on the computer and put in a DVD and hit the mouse a few times you can do it ! No skill required !
 I got ta brag on this product . So user friendly with a simple 4 step process . Does everything I want it to do , and more . The previous comments about slow speed are not entirely correct , and certainly it should be said that the moderate speed of this software contributes to its stability , versus the other brand software which is not as reliable . I say go for it . I did and am not disatified with it . If you like DVD 's , or do not want to invest in a DVD recorder , this is the CHEAPEST METHOD TO BURN CD 'S FOR YOUR DVD PLAYER .
 My Experience thus far with two different versions of DVD RIPPER is excellent . I got suckered by a Canadian DVD Copy product that was worse than junk.The Canadian company even provided bad service , and refused to refund the money for their lousey product.The previous to current version of DVD ripper from COSMI is dollar for Dollar just great , and you even get free support !! My First Version of DVD Ripper created excellent VCDs of the Movies I wanted to copy for myself , even though it did take a little time , but hey , it worked !! Very few discs were uncopyable ... even the Macrovision discs and a range of copy-protected items were easily copied.The most recent version of DVD Ripper still does the same , except that I tried copying a CSS protected disc to DVD , but it failed . Otherwise it was great.Very few programmes like this exist , for this sort of price , AND have great customer service policies.COSMI is excellent !!!!!!!!!!!!
 It works great but slow.It does put it in mpeg format unlike what one reviewer said.Vcd is Mpeg 1 format.The quality isnt as high as mpeg 2 which is dvd.If you have something like the movie shaker you can convert it to mpeg 2 for dvd.Also I have put it on a Dvd - and Dvd-RW and they all play in my home players.I havent tried puting it on svcd format to dvd yet but it will work no problem.Have fun .
 It works really well , but it so slow . It takes up to 2-3 hours to rip a 108 minute DVD . But , it goes a lot faster and safer than the DVD rip 'n burn , and No. 1 DVD ripper . DVD rip 'n burn does n't rip the whole DVD , and it caused me a lot of mess in my computer . But this one is safe , since it has a preview of what it is gon na be when it is done ripping . You can burn to VCD , which is faster to rip , to SVCD , which takes about 4-6 hours to rip , and DIVX , which I never tried ripping before on that platform . Warning
 I have used Amazing Calendar for years and have had no problemsuntil I bought a computer with Windows 7 . The software is notcompatible with my new computer . It 's the best of the calendarsoftware and I 'm disappointed that I can no longer use it .
 Well , maybe not amazing but it is a good calendar maker that gives you fair flexibility BUT does not give holidays for current years . You will have to put those in yourself if you so desire . .
 I was looking for a simple checkbook program and I found it in this item . I have even taught my elderly parents how to use it and we all agree it is great . Recommend for the basic bookkeeper in your home .
 For the price -LRB- even if it cost more -RRB- this is a great program for any size business . Every employee creates a user name & password and clocks in and out also can punch in/out for lunch . If an employee forgets to punch out it will flag excessive hours for the management to review and adjust hours accordingly . The best part of this program is the total hourly printouts down to the nearest mintue . Employees can not argue about how much they worked because the computers keeps track of the time worked so there 's never an arguement . At the end of the year you can purge all the information and start over again for the next year .
 At first I was a little frustrated with the program . However , after I stopped and took the time to read the step by step instructions everything went very well . Awesome program .
 Virtual PC 4.0 with Windows 98 is one helpful program . It allows you to access different programs that are only available for Windows machines . It does n't emulate Windows , it emulates a Pentium processor on your computer , so if you want to upgrade to a different version of Windows at a later date , you will be able to . I really got this program for use with my Handspring Visor , since no one out there makes software to sync your address book and calendar over the internet for the Mac . I have used 2 different services thus far -LRB- Yahoo and MyPalm -RRB- and both of them have worked without a hitch . One thing everyone wants to know about Virtual PC though , is what about the games ! I have n't really invested all too much money in that , but the ones that I have tried , have worked well enough -LRB- Grim Fandango and Close Combat series -RRB- . If you decide to get this and want to run some games on it , let me caution you ... first make sure the game does not require hardware acceleration as Virtual PC 4 will not access any 3D cards on your Mac . Secondly , check out the processor requirements . If a game requires a 500mhz Pentium , you are going to have one frustrating gaming session . The common rule of thumb is to take your Mac 's processor speed and divide it by three -LRB- i.e. 466mhz mac = 155mhz Pentium -RRB- . By following those simple hints , your gaming should be a good time ! Overall , I wholeheartily recommend Virtual PC if your have no desire to get a full desktop PC and want to run a few Windows programs .
 If you need to run Windows apps on your mac , this is the way to go . I 've run it under both 9.0.4 and 9.1 on 3 different machines and have had no problems . I 've used Internet access through my Mac 's DSL line , file sharing and printing in addition to running apps . You can boot multiple OS 's -LRB- 98 . 95 , Me -RRB- and the interface and speed is much improved from earlier versions . You ca n't play PC games on it , but for everything else , it 's an excellent solution .
 A think Virtual Pc is a great software ! It let my kids play pc games on thier imacs . This software is easy to download and it is worth buying if you only have macs around your house . Its a heck of alot cheaper then buying a window computer .
 I received New Millenium Encylopedia October 16 . The program itself is wonderful , however , after repeated tries I still have not been able to register the program and the Info Center link in the program has n't worked . Other than those problems and that the Versabook features -LRB- the ability to get more books for the reference program -RRB- is only available with registration , the books and information are well worth the money .
 This is a terrific interactive encyclopedia for both kids and adults . It is concise , educational and fun . Great pictures and factual entries make this a wonderful tool for school , or just plain learning for the fun of it . Easy to navigate with descriptive text - the whole family will love it !
 This CD provides detailed information about everything students between the ages of 5-15 want to know . A great resource for homework and fun .
 There are lots of el-cheapo stock clip art collections out there that are plain awful ... they show the top 5 pictures in their entire collection on the outside cover and the rest are garbage.This is not the case with this collection . Super high quality studio shots of objects and people . The models do not appear to be professionals and in many instances seem to be grumpy or indifferent , so not many of the people are useful in different marketing situations.The proprietary software that 's included lets you search by a keyword or concept to find the photo or you can browse the high-quality book that 's included to find what you 're looking for . You can then export the image as a JPG for the web or as a hi-res image for print with a transparency mask for Photoshop.The objects are top notch quality and can be used by advertising agencies or individuals who need high-quality royalty free photos . Not everything on earth is photographed , but they sure did cover a lot of territory with this set .
 This is an excellent collection of photos , not the useless vector clip art cartoons you find in some collections . The search engine is first class and the program as a whole is exceptionally easy to use and well thought out . No more searching through books to find the image you want . When I first bought it I wanted to really test it so I typed in `` Ferrari '' . Before I could finish typing ten Ferrari 's were ready for me to use . This is a great easy to use program that is fast and painless . Do n't worry this is a no brainer-Just do it !
 You must get this product if you want to come out of the depths of ' 80 's Clip Art , Bad design is staring at us in the face every day , with this product , even the worst designs can at least look professional . Thanks for making it so easy !
 I 've been using FileMaker Pro software since version 1.0 , when it was originated by Claris , and was only for Macintosh . I 've since switched to PCs , and FileMaker Pro is now its own company . But the quality of the software remains excellent , the upgrades are always worthwhile , and this is still the most user-friendly database I 've ever used.Especially if you 're an Access user -LRB- which is impossible software ! -RRB- , you will love the ease and versatility of this program .
 Greetings Amazon reviewers . . Now that you 've read the Microsoft commercial below from : `` Reviewer
 We happen to develop Filemaker database systems for our customers . This product focuses on the productivity and you can in fact have a system working for you benefit in a couple of days . if you have a clear understanding of your bussines no matter what it is , Filemaker gives you the power to gather your data and transform it easily in information . You will soon be making better decisions and at the same time getting yourself in the process of improving your database . Only filemaker allows this . Another point is that Filemaker Customers are happy customers . They are in charge of their Bussineses informations system without having to rely in external , costly `` access '' consultants ...
 I have used both MS Access and three different versions of FileMaker Pro , including this one . FileMaker Pro is much easier to work with and very reliable -LRB- unlike Access , which constantly crashes and loses or garbles most of your valuable information each time it crashes -RRB- . FileMaker Pro is very versatile , and I have no problem creating custom designs.I have worked with some of the best software engineers in the country , and they are the ones who recommended FileMaker Pro to me .
 I have worked with very large databses -LRB- greater than 500 tables in Oracle and SyBase -RRB- and very small ones . If you are looking for a db implementation for less than $ 50,000 , your first product to evaluate should be Filemaker . It will probably do all -LRB- and more -RRB- than you need . Anyone who says that MS Access is easier or more reliable than Filemaker either works for Microsoft or has some other unhelpful bias . Ask users and/or developers to show you databases built in the two products and you will see an enormous difference . The Access ones are likely to be crude and require frequent redevelopment work . The Filemaker ones are likely to be clean , reliable and flexible.If you do n't need the huge power of the big guns -LRB- Oracle , SyBase , IBM -RRB- , ignore Filemaker at your own risk .
 To even compare FileMaker Pro with Access is absurd.While FileMaker is not on the order of MySQL or Oracle in terms of speed and power , it is far more flexible and far less expensive than anything else available in this workgroup class of applications for any Windows or Mac environment.You can start small , with just one or two computers and grow your solution into a fully server-based and remotely managed application . And if you should happen to need to migrate to a `` big iron '' type Database someday , such as MySql , conversion tools are available that will automate large parts of such a migration - including scripting . There are also a large number of third-party plugins should any other functionality be required down the road.Importing and exporting data is a snap in just about any format . As for sharing data , FileMaker is unmatched and even includes a small-scale web server function in addition to the `` instant web publishing '' function.It 's an absolutely wonderful tool for any serious IT person that is n't threatened by a program that most non-IT people can understand .
 I had to upgrade to get OS X functionality . Filemaker is the best database program around -- for all-around functionality , ease of use , and rapid deployment . I use Filemaker to run my business from accounting , to tracking , to letterhead and faxes . Now that Filemaker is XML , it 's a real contender to any commercial database program . You can also access just about any database with Filemaker , and has great import/export functionality . From the amount of time Filemaker can save the average business , I think it 's a must in any efficient or multi-tasking office .
 I 've been using Filemaker for years and have become addicted to making and using databases for everything . This upgrade brings total OS X compatability at last . Filemaker 6 is a great upgrade - the cross-platform nature of this application makes it extremely useful in mixed environments.It is very easy to use - I 've had students of mine teach themselves how to use it in a week and begin building complicated relational databases in two weeks.Buy it !
 THIS PRODUCTS DOES WONDERS ON MY PONY TAIL . IT SLICKS IT DOWN AND MOLDS IT FOR DAYS.I LOVE IT AND I WILL BE THE NUMBER ONE CUSTOMER FOR EVER . WHEN I WALK BY PEOPLE THEY SAY GIRL YOUR HAIR SMELLS GOOD WHATS THAT AND YOU KNOW WHAT I SAY AFTER THAT . .
 I 've been using FileMaker since version 3 -- and this new Version 6 retains its user-friendly interface and commands . But the big improvement is in speed - the speed with which the application launches and the speed at which database files open -- much , much faster than in version 5.0 -LRB- in Windows XP and in Windows 98 -RRB- ! Otherwise , I 'm still exploring . The only frustration I 've come upon is that this version of FileMaker does not include a list of recently opened files in the File Menu -LRB- the option to do this is greyed out -RRB- . Instead you can access a list of recently opened files from an arrow next to the `` Open File '' icon -- only after you have already opened a document file . V-e-r-r-r-y strange.I can not fathom what some other reviewer meant when he refered to FileMaker 's `` draconian '' upgrade policies . Does he expect them to give it away for free ? The upgrade price -- especially with the $ $ rebate that brings it down to $ $ -- is quite reasonable for a program of this power and sophistication . It 's FileMaker 's support policy that disappoints , but then again the entire software industry seems to have moved in this direction -LRB- free support for installation and getting started ; one free support call thereafter -RRB- . Fortunately with FileMaker Pro , you rarely need to call technical support , the program is that easy to learn and use . It actually comes with a printed manual !
 Greetings Amazon reviewers . . Now that you 've read the Microsoft commercial below from : `` Reviewer
 Our company has been using FileMaker since 1989 . As it is the only database Ive ever used -LRB- other than a brief experiment with 4D -RRB- I really ca n't compare it with anything else . I 'm here to tell you it will do the job you want to do.I wo n't use technospeak in my review , as I am here for the novice users -LRB- and anyone who is reading a review to determine if this software is for them is probably a novice -RRB- . FileMaker will keep track of all your company info . Even if you are a one-person company it will work for you . When you have 100 employees on the payroll , it will still work for you . If you have never designed a database before , you can do it.Now , you WILL have to devote some time to learn the software , but if you are to be administrating a database , youre going to have to be doing some maintenance anyway . With FileMaker , you can begin using your database the first day , then add more features later on as you add more records and more users . I recommend learning FileMaker as opposed to hiring your project out to a developer for the simple fact that YOU know your business best and you will constantly be making changes as your business changes . My philosophy is that it is better for YOU to learn FileMaker than for a developer to learn your business.Go ahead and get it . You will be able to make beautiful , efficient databases if you take the time to learn it . This product will do the job . I guarantee it . Contact me and I will help you .
 An update to my earlier review
 This system is great for writers and business people alike . Once you have used this system you will never regreat owening it .
 I 'm about to take the GRE and needed to refresh my math since I have n't taken it since high school . I did the review from addition all the way up to Geometry , and my GRE math score increased by 200 points on the practice test ! It can seem a bit remedial at first , but then you get over it .
 FineReader Pro 6.0 , which I have run on Windows XP since March , is best of breed in batch processing , scanning , page analysis , OCR , editing , saving , stability , documentation , and customer service.Batch
 I do a great deal of OCR in my research and have scanned thousands of pages each with OmniPage Pro 12 -LRB- OP12 -RRB- and FineReader 6 -LRB- FR6 -RRB- . I have also made extensive use of previous versions of both programs . I am happy to have both , because they excel at different things . For my work , however , if I had to choose just one it would have to be FR6 . Others might have different preferences depending on what they do and what their equipment and software are.The bulk of my scanning/OCR involves academic articles and historical materials . For the most part I produce PDF files , although I also scan some tables to produce spreadsheets and do some scanning to Word files . Depending on the quality of the original and my precise purpose I may make a PDF with an image and hidden text , an OCR text file , or an OCR text file with images of uncertain words . I use an HP 7450 scanner connected to a Windows 2000 system with a 1.8 GHz P4 processor and 512 MB of RAM.For my purposes , OP12 's outstanding feature is the quality of its grayscale and color scans . In fact , I even sometimes use it to produce images for processing by FR6 . Generally speaking , the PDF image files produced by OP12 seem to run about 80 % smaller than those that FR6 produces for equal text quality -- and better rendition of photos ! This is not true for black-and-white -LRB- 1 bit -RRB- files , where FR6 seems to have a slight edge . But when the material calls for image output I usually click on OP12.OCR is another story , for several reasons . First of all , when the going gets tough , OP12 quits in a huff . It will suddenly crash no warning whatever . This seems to be OCR-related , but if it happens while scanning the chances of recovering your already-scanned work are poor . For this reason , I always scan and recognize separately with OP12 , since then the crashes usually do not corrupt the scanned images . Depending on the complexity of the material , I may get a crash anywhere from one in every 20 to one in 100 pages.Naturally , separate scanning and recognition slows the process down . On top of that , OP12 is very slow to start with , at least with `` only '' a 1.8 GHz processor and 512 MB of RAM and all other applications closed . When I need fast results or can not tolerate crashes I use FR6 , which is distinctly faster and seems nearly bulletproof.Moreover , when accuracy of scanning counts , OP12 is next to useless for my purposes . That 's because it is very weak on anything but straight text . Superscripts all look like quotation marks to it and subscripts all come out as commas . It is also very poor with any sort of special symbols or equations . Nor is there any way to correct these mistakes in the editing process -- you 're forced to edit the PDFs with Adobe Acrobat , a very slow and laborious process . If you have material with as many superscripts , subscripts , and special symbols as the typical academic article , it is really faster to retype it than to try to do it with OP12 . FR6 , by contrast , gives reasonably good accuracy with such material and makes it easy to correct the mistakes that do crop up.In a surprising number of cases , OP12 will rotate the page so that the text is not upright and then proceed `` recognize '' it as garbage . FR6 is not immune to this , but does it significantly less often.FR6 is sometimes wrong but never in doubt -- it has never reported being unable to complete OCR of a page , no matter how complex . OP12 is easily confused , especially when the page mixes text and tables , and then insists that you manually zone the page before it will proceed.Both programs offer an `` auto-special '' completely automatic mode that will do a decent job on simple material -LRB- assuming that OP12 does n't crash in the middle -RRB- . When you need to customize settings , however , FR6 offers more range of choices . It also offers more flexibility in correcting recognition errors and in manual zoning , should that be necessary.Surprisingly for a version 12 , OP12 has a great many glitches , bugs , oddities , and time-wasting annoyances that make it seem more like an early beta . About 20 % of the PDFs it produces are unreadable -- it 's important always to check . The early FineReader versions were extremely rough , but FR6 is a very stable and finished product.As I say , I do n't regret the money I 've spent on either of them . However , FR6 is more generally useful , faster , and trouble-free -- and significantly cheaper . If the maker of FR6 , ABBYY , would fix their scanning -LRB- something I 've suggested to them several times -RRB- it would clearly be the preferable program . As things are , OP12 fills some needs better.Will O'Neil
 This package works extremely smoothly and accurately . The way it is priced is confusing however -LRB- more below -RRB- . FineReader is not only easy to use and accurate , coping with curved lines of text coming from scanned book pages , recognizing tables , fonts and preserving layout of the scanned image , but it also organizes your work , saves images in batches , and keeps track of which image you have proofread , modified and saved . While you 're proofreading you can see the part of the image about which there are questions . After the briefest of practice sessions I dove into a 700-page project and it went totally smoothly . The Abbyy website also offers you a fully functional free trial version that you can download.Regarding price , if you have any -- that is any -- OCR software already installed on your computer -- such as came with your scanner , the Abbyy website informs you that you are entitled to the `` upgrade '' version of this package , which costs only half as much as the `` full '' version ! I had thought that `` upgrade '' was only useful for those with previous versions of FineReader , but this is not the case . I wonder how many people have paid the extra $ ... not knowing this fact .
 This package works extremely smoothly and accurately . The way it is priced is confusing however -LRB- more below -RRB- . FineReader is not only easy to use and accurate , coping with curved lines of text coming from scanned book pages , recognizing tables , fonts and preserving layout of the scanned image , but it also organizes your work , saves images in batches , and keeps track of which image you have proofread , modified and saved . While you 're proofreading you can see the part of the image about which there are questions . After the briefest of practice sessions I dove into a 700-page project and it went totally smoothly . The Abbyy website also offers you a fully functional free trial version that you can download.Regarding price , if you have any -- that is any -- OCR software already installed on your computer -- such as came with your scanner , the Abbyy website informs you that you are entitled to the `` upgrade '' version of this package , which costs only half as much as the `` full '' version ! I had thought that `` upgrade '' was only useful for those with previous versions of FineReader , but this is not the case . I wonder how many people have paid the extra $ 150 not knowing this fact .
 I 'm an adult learner , determined that * this * time I 'm going to get past the `` right hand or left hand , but not both at the same time '' stage . This has been a great program for doing that . You can take it at your own pace , and repeat exercises over and over again , going back to them to refresh . You can do the exercises in either `` Wait for the Note '' or `` Notes and Timing '' modes -LRB- there 's also a mode called `` Rhythm '' that I have n't figured out yet -RRB- . `` Wait for the Note '' helps you learn finger placement and note location ; then you move on to `` Notes and Timing '' when you play what you 've learned to the beat of the dreaded metronome . The program gives you a score each time you play a piece and lets you know what bars you need to work on . There are also a few games to relieve some of the necessary tedium of learning the notes.I 'm taking one star off for a problem mentioned by another reviewer -- the program does n't remember your preferences . If you have a good computer screen and can use the smaller notes , you have to tell it every time . The metronome is even worse -- not only do you have to set it for every exercise , but if you push one of the other settings and then come back to the exercise , the metronome has to be reset . This is very annoying.The program is challenging , to a point . There are lots of exercises for each lesson , so you do n't go bonkers playing Ode to Joy over and over again . However , the lessons stop after a very truncated section on chords . Perhaps this is because there 's no way to learn chords other than to practice them , but a little more instruction and guidance would have been appreciated . On the other hand , there are many song choices in the Piano Player section that use chords , so that 's good.I 'd definitely recommend this software for adult learners as well as children .
 This software is excellent . The feature that really got me interested is the ability to load MIDI files from the internet into the program and then be able to actually see the score and play it with the features of this program -LRB- ability to slow tempo , mark parts of the score for practice , show right hand only , left hand only , both , evaluate your errors -RRB- . You can play along with the song and use a metronome , I find it very helpful . The lessons that come with the software are fingered , the ones you load from the internet wo n't show any fingering.Every song-lesson comes set up -LRB- when you play it , to hear the song before you start to practice -RRB- with different instruments , but you can change this settings . You have 3 note sizes , great.Every time you use this program you have to use the keyboard tunning tool , I guess it 's a downer , but takes 1 minute . Do n't forget to set your monitor at a low resolution . If you do n't do this , the program will show up in a small window.The classical library is pretty good for the begginer and I would say the intermediate . It includes contemporary music too -LRB- rock -RRB- . The lessons are very simple , to the point , you can practice as much as you want . The games are fine too , there are staff lessons which I find more helpful than the games , like `` find this note and put it on the staff '' where you use the computer mouse to do so , not the keyboard , even though you do n't use the piano it 's good practice , I 'm doing much better reading music now thanks to this.I had no problems at all with installation , I use my laptop Dell , I read all the manual and everything went smooth . I would highly recommend to follow-instructions . I do n't know why other people had some problems . My midi connection is Edirol UM-1EX , I already had it installed and used it with another piano software . I am very happy with this , having used other options I am really glad I bought this one !!
 Have a bug inside the program ver . 2.6 !!! eg . 1 -RRB- ca n't locate existing library 's files2 -RRB- In composer 's corner , ca n't delete the song from public library.But still a very good program for piano beginner.I will wait & see the improvement in next patch .
 These guys have definitely put a lot of thought into this product and must be dedicated music instructers . Set up is easy . Worked perfectly out of the box . I did have one minor problem with producing sounds other then piano , but I went to the Adventus website and downloaded a patch . It works great now ! Theres lots of info there and a phone number for tech support.This is great software for beginners . No big jumps in lession difficulty , just a steady progression . Lots of user interaction with the software -LRB- ie , feedback about your playing , etc -RRB- , games , computer generated vide , lots of songs to play and lots of different styles from classical to rock.I 'm not even using the suggested Adventus set-up , that is , using a internal soundblaster wavetable sound card . Adventus warned of a lag in hearing a note after it was pressed and when the sound was produced if you did n't have an internal wavetable soundcard . I 'm not having any `` latency '' issues . Maybe it is because I have a 1.7 ghz computer , with a external M-Audio Firewire soundcard . This is a `` pro '' external sound card -LRB- it has no built in sounds of its own it just processes digital sound files that come out of your computer . For access to sounds you 'll need software or you can rely on the internal Microsoft GS WaveTable Software Synthesizer built into Windows XP -RRB- and Firewire is fast . For those people using the external Soundblaster Audigy cards , I 've read that there may be a `` latency '' issue.Read the magazine reviews at the Adventus Website if you do n't believe me - www.adventus.com.Also , I recommend http://www.tweakheadz.com/ for lots of info on equipment for making and recording computer music . The forums are great , especially.This is quality software .
 This program accepts any size MIDI keyboard , up to a full-size 88-key one . The installation program automatically downloads any available updates from the Internet , so you should have no problem getting it installed . The requirements say Windows 95 to XP , but I have Vista 64-bit and it runs fine . Piano Suite starts off slow , has you play a song , then recommends other songs to play , based on your current skill level and/or what you need to work on . You will learn how to play many popular songs , including ones by The Beatles , Elvis , and Frank Sinatra . Many songs have multiple skill levels , so you can start playing the song at say Level 3 , then work your way up to Level 5 -LRB- which has more notes and is harder to play -RRB- . In my opinion , the best feature is the `` MIDI Song Input '' , where you can download a MIDI file from the Internet or elsewhere and learn how to play it in the program . Piano Suite Premiere includes 500 songs . This program is also very customizable -- you can adjust the size of the music notes , the speed of the metronome , practice a song with left hand only , right hand only , or both hands , and select any song you want to play within the song list . You start off with the `` Theory Thinker , '' which gradually teaches you how to play the piano with harder and harder components -LRB- triplets , arpeggios , different time signatures , etc -RRB- . The program even remembers where you left off , so all you have to do is click a button to continue . Last , but not least , the program also includes games to help you become a better piano player , biographies of composers , progress reports for multiple users , and the ability to record your own songs from your MIDI keyboard .
 The lessons do very well teaching a middle aged person with zero music experience how to play correctly . The software does not use ASIO driver so there are latency problems no matter what kind of sound card you have . To get around it will cost major bucks . The software is designed for young folks and the graphics can be annoying at times . The disk is copy protected and impossible to duplicate but they will sell you a duplicate for around $ 10 . The printed sheet music is very good and if directions are followed they group formal music at levels to practice with . There are no lyrics on the printed music but are included in the software , there seems to be a lot of copyright disputes taking place .
 This program is really fun for kids of all ages . When you turn on this interactive gem , you will immediately enter a magical world of monsters . Of course , the lab is where you will first encounter this free-floating world . There , you choose body parts and other interesting appendages as you create your own monster . Then , it is off on an adventure with your new friend . Under the sea and chasing through labrynths you will go together . Never will you be scared , however , but rather will feel secure knowing that your monster is one that would be most welcome under your bed !
 As one of the creators of this game I am biased , but I think this title still stands up pretty well . There are not a lot of creative play titles for kids these days . It is a shame . One of the great features of this program is that it can print your monster as a line drawing that you can color in!If you want to run Monster Maker , it still works fine even on Vista . Just right-click on the program or shortcut , choose `` Properties '' , select the compatibility tab , and check Run the program for Win 95 . Also check all of the boxes for settings . This will put your machine in Win95 mode when you launch the game and switch it back when you are done.Also - the editors review is incorrect ! You can flip parts very easily . If you move the part rapidly to the left or right it will flip from velocity -LRB- including your whole monster -RRB- . You can also double-click a part to flip it in-place . : - -RRB-
 This is the best math game I 've ever played . It 's mostly for little kids but even 6th graders can play it and it 's still challenging -LRB- You get to choose a level . -RRB- This game a good one because it combines math learning with a good storyline and appropriate humor . Math is much more effective when kids have fun while theylearn it . -LRB- The only thing wrong with it is that it 's genetically impossible for someone to have two heads of different genders , like the Blobler King and Queen . But who cares ?! -RRB-
 Not only does this product convert PC-generated PDFs to other formats , but it also converts SCANNED PDF files . This is an invaluable tool ... it has saved me a ton of re-typing time !
 This software saves os about $ 4500 per year ! We love it . Even my assistant who is a former paralegal would rather use this software than draw up her own documents !
 Wills & Trusts , Identity Theft , Credit Repair , Real Estate , Bankruptcy , Copyright , Tax Law , Divorce ... & More
 I just love this Megaman game . It 's the first one I ever got . I really like it because I can use my gamepad . Also , I really like it when I fly in the falcon armor and walk on spikes in the Gaia armor . This game is fast-paced , fun and sort of hard . The graphics are very good.If you are a Megaman gamer , this is a must buy !
 I was a bit skeptical at first that this 5 cd set would be informative . However , after using the first CD on General Chemistry I came away impressed with the ease of use , interactive review and testing features , and lastly the amount of information it contained . There was a minor glitch and one mistake that I came across which was the reason I gave a rating of four rather than five stars . I recommend this set for anyone interested in either brushing up on their knowledge , or even as a study tool for learning from scratch . I ca n't wait to move on to the other four CD 's -LRB- which are on Biochemistry , Molecular Cell Biology , Beginning Microbiology , and Genetics -RRB- .
 This software is used to record analog sources to CD . I have used it to convert nearly 50 vinyl albums and about 20 cassette tapes to CDs . Some had some significant sonic problems which I have been able to fix with this software . Except for the worst files , this software has a way to fix it.I have an earlier version of DART Pro . I believe an updated version is still available on on the Web at a reasonable price . When I bought my version , it had a $ 400 retail price , but I found it OEM for $ 10 . The newer version has an improved interface , and is a lot less than $ 400 . It does a very credible job of repairing all but the worst audio source files . On average , the vinyl records I have recorded to CD had around 50,000 to 60,000 usually small scratches in them . This program has filters to de-hiss , de-hum , de-noise , and remove most scratches from your collection . If you want , you can copy and paste one section of the sound track over another . This is useful in instances where the software does not properly remove a scratch . If you really need to , you can copy a small section of sound from near the scratch which looks like the damaged section , paste it over the damage , and you have an almost inaudible patch.You can equalize , extend , shorten , and do most of what you need to fix poor quality audio . I had one tape which was a copy of a copy of a copy ... . of a speach which was recorded in 1957 . It was virtually impossible to understand the speaker . I was able to equalize the sound , and run it through a de-hiss routine and ended up with a file which was much better . In addition , the tape was just over 80 minutes long , but the software enabled me to compress it to under 80 minutes so I could put it on one CD.In addition , after recording to your hard drive , the program allows you to automatically `` unpack '' long recordings and find the song breaks . It works fairly well with standard albums with good breaks between the songs . If not , you can cut a section of audio from the main audio file , open a new file , and paste in the portion you want . It is a bit time consuming , but it gets the job done right.One of the best features is that it does not write over the source file , and instead builds an audio tree . You can make changes to an audio file , see how it sounds , and if you do n't like it , you can go back to the original , modify the settings and re-do it.It also has its own CD burning software which will work with both WAV audio files and MP3s . It actually does an on-the-fly conversion of MP3s , so it is faster than Windows Media Player at converting MP3s back to CD . The CD burner lets you control the time in between songs , so if you copy an album , you can just set the time break to 0 seconds , instead of the standard 2 , so it sounds just like the original.The software has too many features to describe them all in this short review . Once you have learned the major features , it is very functional software
 This software worked perfectly fine on my computer and prepped me for my Business classes .
 My 8 year old grandson was using this at school and wanted one for home . It is great for letting kids have fun and be creative at the same time .
 My son starts to use this software and it is very easy to use for him . He love playing with this . Really great and cool program for kids .
 a good product overall . fun for the children to use.also used in school , allow creativity .
 My 7 year old daughter just loves this software . We were on vacation at a family members house and there daughter had this software . All the kids had the best time around the computer playing with this game . When I mean all I mean five kids ages 7 to 12 .
 Kid Pix Deluxe 4 is a terrific software program for kids of all ages . My older two use it at school . They asked me to get it for home because they liked it so much . Even my 3 year old uses it . Best $ 20 I 've spent recently .
 My 8 year old daughter started using this at school . . She told me about it all the time , and begged for it on the computer at home . . I went online to find it , and saw it was cheapest on Amazon . . She LOVES it !! Great product = -RRB-
 I recently purchased two copies of this program , and am about to purchase two more for the homes of grandchildren and friends . The options for playing with the program seem to be endless . It encourages the young children to learn mouse skills , and how to operate a computer program while having LOTS of fun in creativity . Our 4 year old grandkids and 10 year olds and their friends spend many hours using this program and just having fun with it.It 's best if an adult can help the child know what options are available to them in the program . Very young children can use the program in a basic manner , and older children can learn the finer skills.It 's best to change the resolution on your monitor to 800 x 600 -LRB- 75HZ refresh rate -RRB- BEFORE opening the program . That will open the program FULL SCREEN , instead of smaller if your resolution is normally set higher than 800 x 600 .
 I was concerned about it running properly after reading a lot of the reviews . But I went ahead and purchased it and deluxe 4 version 2 runs fine -LRB- though it seems to be version 4.1 so I 'm not sure where the `` 2 '' comes from -RRB- . On the package , it says OS10.2-10 .5.5 and copyright 2008 so I think a lot of the reviews were an older version . I 'm running 10.5.6 on a 2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo iMac ; it does n't mention Intel hardware on the box so I guess it is running under Rosetta.I did run into a problem getting it to run with my daughter 's account , as someone had mentioned in a review . I first installed it under my admin account and then gave her access in parental controls but it would not launch when she was logged in to her account . I then deleted it and tried to install it while within her account . It kept coming up that the install failed . I then check the permissions on the `` applications '' folder -LRB- do a `` get info '' on the folder -RRB- . It showed that the permissions were set to read only . I clicked on the lock , typed in admin name and password , and changed to permissions for everyone to read and write . I could then install the software while still in my daughter 's account and she can now run the software , though I did have to allow another app that was apparently not allowed under parental controls.My daughter loves the software -LRB- she had been using it at school -RRB- . I 'm dropping a star due to the permissions issue and two other things . First , when I first installed it it wanted to take me on-line to registration . Fine , except the webpage came up as no longer existing . Nice going , webmaster . Secondly , the program is set to run at 800 x 600 . Pretty small considering we are running it on a 24 '' iMac . I turned the menu bar displays on and showed her how to change it to 1280 x 800 ; still leaves a lot of blank real estate and just makes everything bigger but not the actual working space . I think the MacKiev - Kid Pix Deluxe 3X version does n't have this problem -LRB- or probably any of the other ones -RRB- but Amazon was out of it and it cost twice as much . If you do n't know what this is , there is actually another company that makes Kid Pix as well , it is a Mac only version that integrates with many of the Mac apps such as iPhoto and has gotten a lot of great reviews . Between the bad reviews for 4/2 and the fact that there are two companies making software under the Kid Pix name , it was a complicated buying decision !
 Right along with the Giggles software this is the highest ranking software for my 3-year-old daughter . As Giggles taught her mouse movement and clicks , Kid Pix Delux has given her a new freedom of interactivity . While she can drag and drop amazing backgrounds , she loves to create lines and circles as they stretch and make goofy sounds . I set this program to automatically start when she turns on her computer . For some reason she loves to exit out of Kid Pix Delux first , go to Giggles -LRB- search Amazon for this product , -RRB- giggle at the cutest giggles when this program starts , and then comes right back to Kid Pix Delux to do her art work . The CD I bought is for Windows .
 I have an Intel Mac running 10.5 , and this software works fine . I think the reviews stating it does n't work on a Mac were referringto the version 4 , not this one , Version 4.1 .
 My 7 yr old was familiar with this product at school and wanted to have it at home . It works on the eMac and newer macbook . Great for kids who like to create art .
 This is a great title . It works like the old classic version only on OS 10 . Keeps the kids -LRB- and kids at heart -RRB- busy for hours .
 My daughter , who is 10 , has been using kid pix for quite awhile . She loves the new adds to the current version , plus getting it at a deal of the day price made me happy !
 Very good product for kids ! All my children ages 4 and up use it and love it !
 We purchased this program on the recommendation of a friend because we have a 4-yr-old grandson who 's very interested in art and is comfortable with computers . Turns out his older sister has the program in school , kindergarten . They both enjoy having this to play with when they visit .
 My grand child , 8 , requested this program specifically . She used it at school and said she 'd have many uses for it with her school work . She loves it and I 've been impressed with all this program does . The price is very reasonable for the product .
 Kid Pix is an extremely good find . Our son uses this in school so be bought a copy for home . What fun to see a kindergartner having . A learning tool .
 Kid Pix is a great program that allows kids to create all types of artwork . The program is appropriate for kids of all ages , 6 and up . There are templates to get younger children started , or you can go completely freehand . Kids create art , animation , cartoons , all types of drawings . It is very user-friendly , with easy instructions and fun interactions . My child is 6 and I would not be surprised if she used this program for 6 or 7 more years . The child learns more sophisticated methods to create as he/she gets older . Literally , hours of fun !
 This product can be used for younger kids and older . It 's very easy to use and allows kids to use an array of graphics and colors . My son loves the feature of blowing up his drawing with a stick of dynamite when he 's done with it . I have to say , I find it fun too . His school also offers it to students . Definitely worth the money .
 My son is 3 and LOVES this program . I am 33 and think it 's pretty cool too ! Once your child learns how to navigate , he will create some awesome pictures . This program is easy to learn and very creative . LOVE IT .
 My daughter is in kindergarten and she uses the kid pix in computer apps class and she really enjoys using it at home . It keeps her busy and it 's a lot better than her watching the t.v.
 I love it ! It 's so easy & fun to use , and it works with windows XP !
 I 'm running Mac OS X 10.4.7 on a 1.25 GHZ G4 iMac with 1 GB of RAM . I just installed and ran the Encore version of Kid Pix Deluxe 4 -LRB- v. 4.0.0.148 -RRB- with no problem . I was able to save and print in the normal way .
 My two sons love this program ! They are ages 3 and 4 . It is a great , creative program that is teaching them how to use the computer to create `` art '' and digital / animated projects . It is very user friendly and especially kid friendly .
 My neices and nephews all really like this program . My neice had it at school and had been asking mom and dad for it !
 I was a computer teacher for 10 years and now stay at home with my two boys . My oldest is four next month and has been using this program ever since he could sit at the computer desk . His computer and mouse skills are outstanding partially because of this program . We love it . I purchased it , because I used it with my k-6 classes . I never imagined that my two year old son would dive into it like my former students did . At the age of two , he loved creating his own scenes with the stamps , backgrounds , crayons and paints . He also loved doing the Color Me and placing stamps on the Color Me backgrounds . I highly recommend this . Today , he still enjoys himself with Kidpix . He made a book using Kidpix and our printer three days ago for his father . Wonderful program .
 Kid Pix 4 is great for children my daughter has been using this software since she was three years old now she is almost five she has no trouble drawing what she wants or printing the picture . This purchase is for one of her friends that came over and played with it and fell in love with it
 The Kid Pix software is a treasure ... It is very user friendly and easy to learn . I especially like the templates that kids can choose the colors and fill in the pictures , as well as being able to draw freestyle . I used it for drawing cells , water cycles , atoms and labeling the digestive systems organs for a science class . It worked superbly because I have trouble drawing stick people so I could redo some things as often as needed until they were good enough to submit for grading.Thanks Learning Company , I would recommend this product to anyone needing a beginning art program .
 Great product . My child has autism spectrum disorder and this is a program that holds her interest . She really likes the different music she can select and says some of it helps to calm her down . I love it .
 I bought this program for my daughter for her birthday . She wanted it because she 's used it at school -LRB- 1st grade -RRB- . I was impressed by how easy it was to install - I installed it as admin , and she had no issues running it under her limited account -LRB- XP PRO -RRB- . I 've been impressed with what she is able to do with the program . She even made Valentine 's day cards for her whole class with it.Just be prepared to go through a lot of color ink !
 My 9-year old was using this in school and asked us to get it for home use , and I 'm very glad we did . The software is easy to use , entertaining and lets my son channel his creative energy . And , my 5-year old has now started using it as well and it 's great to watch the 9-year old teach his younger brother how to use the computer.Installation was easy and my kids now spend hours crafting various images , greeting cards , etc. .
 My two daughters , one 7 years old and the other from 3 , love to use this program , the older one loves to change the different stuff in it . They can color pictures , change background and put animated stuff in it . it has many thing to play in it . Is a nice program for a little price , and is better to put your kids in the computer with something that developes their creativity , than put them infront of the TV .
 I have twin 8-year-olds who are always playing computer games , and I try to steer clear of the violence and adult themes that are so prevalent . Using your imagination for entertainment seems very old-fashioned these days , but Kid Pix offers the ability to use the computer AND your imagination . It uses some wonderful technology to foster creativity , and it sure is a lot more fun that a coloring book !
 This is a simple art program where they can create art with special affects for their age . They use the same software at school , K & 1st . My girls love it .
 I bought this product for my 10 year old daughter who loves it . My son who is 3 also loves to draw and write on this . I love the fact that it has a small children mode which I can activate for my son . Highly Recommend it .
 At the elementary school my children attend they have it on their computers . So they were begging me to buy it for them . Its very user friendly , even my 5 year old can play with it without assistance .
 My 6 year old son loves Kid Pix . He uses the older version at school and we decided to buy the newer one for home use . I asked him how it compares to the one at school and he said `` Waaaaay better ! '' He said the newer version can do lots more things . Once I loaded it onto the computer , he had absolutely no problems navigating around on it .
 First off - I am so sick of people lowering ratings of software on Amazon because it is n't MAC compatible . Should of thought of that before you purchased a MAC . The software -LRB- which is what we are reviewing and rating -RRB- is excellent and could keep anyone from the age of 3-80 happy . There is a ton of painting , coloring , scrapbooking , tracing , learning to draw , etc. . I find myself coloring in pictures after my daughter is done , it truly is a lot of fun . It should n't take the place of hands on arts and crafts but it is a great alternative for the days you ca n't take all the paper , paints , glue etc. . out . If you do check all the reviews , you will find the only negative reviews for this software are MAC users complaining . I would check other software reviews for the same MAC complainers - they tend to 1 or 2 star software reviews if they are unable to use it . Have fun creating !
 I used to play with this program 10 years ago , and it 's still a fun program for kids interested in art , but obviously too young for a complex program like photoshop -LRB- or a free alternative like the great paint.net -RRB- . Lots of fun for kids - highly recommended ! Note other reviews , not for mac or vista - so do n't buy it if you have a mac or vista ! But it works fine on XP .
 It 's educational and a lot of fun to play with .
 These is a great software ! Fun and educational my entire familyplays with it.It is fun for all ages.And it is a great deal .
 The Kid Pix products are great for all ages . They are educationally and creatively oriented , and fun for everyone , even adults , and work on both PC 's and Mac 's . This version is geared more towards education , and has several features teachers would like .
 If your child is creative and loves to draw like mine does , THIS is the software to buy ! The program is highly interactive and has a very quick learning curve . The designers obviously put a lot of thought towards developing a program especially for kids . Kid Pix provides hours of fun entertainment that helps children hone their creative talents while , at the same time , learning valuable computer skills . My daughter had used Kid Pix at her school and always talked about it . We purchased it for home use and it was one of the wisest software choices we 've made . To say that Kid Pix is a bargain is an understatement ... neither you or your children will be disappointed !
 Kidpix is fun to do for kids and adults alike . Its great to incorporate into your lessons in the classroom . Kidpix allows kids to learn and have fun at the same time !
 After using the Kid Pix programs for years at school , my 7 year old son asked for it for Christmas . So far this one has held up to his expectations . He loves not only creating detailed pictures , but then blowing them up , as well ! His 10 year old brother enjoys it just as much !
 I bought this for less than $ 5 and it has been more fun than the expensive gifts we bought at other times . It is a fantastic program that has provided hours of fun . The install was easy & straightforward - no issues at all on either of the computers I put it on .
 The first time my daughter discovered this program , she was addicted . Dora , Diego and Sponge Bob all went out the window . I did n't pay much for this software , but it was worth every cent .
 My 3 year old is already literate with the software and is very proud of her creations ! My 15 year old still loves it too !
 I purchased this item on the recommendation of a few of my adult friends who have found great success by displaying their `` art work '' in several local galleries , giving some credit to Kid Pix.Well , I have realized I will never be an artist , but the software is so creative , if you will , and so much fun to use . I am making pictures/designs I always wished I could make before.I have a Mac iBook G4 . The software was a bit tricky to open after the installation process . But , when I put the actual cd back into the computer to start over , it opened immediately . It 's working beautifully.I do n't recommend this software for children because it is too `` instant '' ... all you have to do is click on a design you like and/or click on an `` eraser '' to undo your work . I think the joy of painting and drawing is the time it takes to create from one 's own exploration . A lot of daydreaming and wonderful time for a child to explore his/her own imagination and creativity.I highly recommend this software to senior/retired citizens who can have fun with this software by designing greeting cards , creating cute pictures for their children/grandchildren - it 's very relaxing and you have something to show for the short time it takes . Once you get started , it 's easy to manipulate and even fun to `` discover '' all the tools and how to use them . Also - it does n't do any harm to have fun by sharing your software with the children/grandchildren when they visit.Have fun , Sue
 I read the other reviews and almost did n't buy this software for my son but we have Windows XP and I had no trouble installing it . He plays this at school and this is exactly the same . My son loves it !
 I owned the original Kid Pix release . My kids told me that all the elementary schools in Loudoun County have Kid Pix Deluxe 4 loaded on the school computers . So I bought it and they were right . It 's AWESOME ! I recommend and the kids just love it .
 Great program ! Very simple to use ! My 6-year-old and 4-year-old love it . I guess any kid would love it -LRB- or adults ! -RRB-
 My 5 year old daughter * loves * this program . She can play it completely on her own and is always finding neat new things she can do with it . She especially loves to make a big creation and then use one of the special `` bombs '' to delete it -LRB- they erase the picture different ways - sort of like video transitions -RRB- . That said , we are on a PC . It runs great . We use Macs elsewhere in our house and were n't able to install it on them like we originally intended . So , no good for Macs , but great if you have PCs !
 My 5yr old & 3yr old love this program -LRB- though the 3yr old has a harder time manipulating the tools -RRB- . THey both get computer time at the school they go to , so I decided to look into computer programs for home . I based my search on what the two were using when they were given the opportunity to do computers . My 5yr old is very into creative things ; she loves drawing , painting , cutting , glueing , so this program really REALLY holds her interest . It 's great ; full of all kinds of ways to create . It also has printable projects . I am so thrilled with this software . You install it and you do n't need to keep the disk in the drive to use the program -LRB- as we do have to with the one Reader Rabbit software we have -RRB- . The sound effects are a lot of fun too . All the creations are printable , though we have n't printed any . I ca n't think of any cons regarding this product outside of the fights between my kids as to how long of a turn one of them is getting . Used in moderation , of course , it 's a wonderful tool to teach creativity and use of the computer . I highly recommend it .
 I bought this older version . The girls use the newer version in their computer class at school . They have had a lot of fun with this version , and they still have n't figured out all they can do with it . For the price , this is a great ` game ' to have on our computer at home .
 Glad I could still purchase this . It was just what I needed at a reasonable price . This program is a favorite at schools .
 My son began using this software in school and was always talking about it . The home edition is similar to the school edition and my son loves to play this at home . It is creative and easy to use for young ages .
 My 6 year old uses this software in school , so I got it for her at home and she loves to make pictures with it . The software is easy to use -LRB- she does n't need anyhelp at all.The only downside to the software is they create so much artwork , you better have lots of color printer ink.andy
 The Kids Pix program has lots of neat things for kids . They can do just about anything with art . It 's a good teaching program . Your kids wo n't even realize they 're learning . My 5 year old loves it .
 To program looks interesting . I have not tried it myself , but my kids use it in school and are happy that they also have it at home .
 My son loves this program . It keeps him entertained for a while . Even I have played with it .
 This is a fantastic product - the fact that it does n't work on a particular OS has nothing to do with the functionality of the actual product . Highly recommend it for kids 5 and above .
 Kid Pix Deluxe 4 Version 2 does work on Windows Vista 64-bit -LRB- Home Premium -RRB- . I assume it will also work on 32-bit . Also , the animations work with the newer version of Apple 's Quicktime -LRB- after 7.1.2 , I am running Quicktime 7.6 -RRB- unlike version 1 -LRB- 0 ? -RRB- of Kid Pix Deluxe 4 . It still runs 800x600 even on larger screens and I have not been able to find a way to adjust the screen size automatically.Please make sure you get version 2 -LRB- or newer if it comes out -RRB- .
 My husband and I gave this program to my nieces for Christmas -LRB- ages 4 and 6 -RRB- for their iMac . Despite how young they are , they are both pretty computer savvy and seem to really be enjoying Kid Pix . My only complaint is that it does n't come with any kind of manual or booklet , which would be really helpful . Including something like that would be great to have . Maybe in the next version .
 I have read all sorts of bad reviews for this product -- all written by grown-ups of course ! Yes , the graphics are n't terrific and the drawing screen is small ... However , what do you expect ! You 're 4 years old ! It 's not like you are looking to purchase Photoshop ! :-RRB- `` CAN I PLAY KIDPIX ?! '' Is all I hear at my house . My 4 year old could spend hours in front of the computer ! There is so much that she still has n't discovered -- so there 's lots to explore even after a few months!I purchased Kidpix as an introduction to her using our Mac ... Thinking I 'd need to sit with her to help with navigating the program . I was wrong ! This was a child who had NEVER used a mouse , etc. . . She 's a whiz ! I strongly recommend this program if you want to encourage your young one to learn about computers ! She 's experiementing with colors , shapes , animated elements ... And is using her imagination to create fun scenes!The recording feature is a riot ! Her 15 month-old sister laughs hysterically when the computer plays her sister 's voice ! Another feature allows your child to type and the program offers a dozen or so voices that will read the typed text!Very fun ! I recommend for young ages !
 My son uses Kid Pix at school so we got this for him to use at home . It 's great ! We all have fun making different things !
 My son is 7 and he loves this software . It 's very easy for them to create their own pictures and other creations . Very kid friendly . He also uses this in school so he can now bring his creations back from school and modify them at home . I would recommend this version for anybody that teaches or has a student in elementary . You do not want the older versions .
 My kids love playing with this . And even as an adult , I have to admit , it 's a really cool program !
 This is a fabulous program . Lots of fun for kids . My daughter is 5 years old and she navigates her way around the program like a pro . Very fun .
 This was a gift for our grandson . He requested and he said he loves it .
 I loaded this software on an older pc and it runs perfectly . My 7 yr old grandson required a little help to learn how to explore it and then was off on his own . I even found myself playing with it -LRB- for too long -RRB- and I am adept with high end graphic software .
 I installed this on my computer and my six year old is having a blast . It 's easy to understand and easy to get around . He knows more about it than I do . I 've never even had to touch the program - it 's so easy and fun he just goes to town .
 I bought this for my daughter as she is using the same in her school . She is thrilled and now I am running out of ink in my printer . I personally have n't tried much but it looks to have bunch of stuff that will keep a curious kid occupied .
 It is true to form from The Learning Company . Easy to use and provides all sorts of activities . I bought it for the grand daughter who really likes the different graphics and tools.Excellent purchase for the money . I would recommend this item to children > 8 years old .
 My kids and I both love this ! It keeps you interested and with so many different options , you do n't get bored.thank you
 It makes my daughter think and gives us something to do together . We both enjoy the humor . By the way , it works well on both OS X and XP .
 I agree with all the positive reviews regarding the winning combination of logical thinking , cute graphics , and overall fun.I just want to put in my two cents regarding Windows 7 -LRB- 64 bit -RRB- compatibility . I got it to run smoothly , but only after a bit of difficulty . I had to run the installer with an XP service pack 2 compatibility setting
 My daughter -LRB- 7yrs . at the time -RRB- loved this game . It is hard to find software that is really fun and educational at the same time . Most of the software I buy for her , I have to load it and play at least once so that I can show her how to play . The Zoombinis Island Odyssey was the exception . She had no problem playing it alone . It has a help screen with each activity that explains in detail . It is very easy to navigate and has multiple levels of play . We loved it so much that we now have The Zoombinis Logical Journey and Mountain Rescue .
 If you liked Zoombinis ' Logical Journey and Mountain Rescue -- or even if you never heard of either one -- this game will proove a fantastic bit of fun and learning for your children . Verbal skills and reading ability are not required , as the narrator explains all the challenges in the game as one goes along.The characters differ somewhat from the first two Zoombinis CDs . The Zoombinis are still the mainstays of course , but here they have to figure out how to catapult themselves onto Zoombini Isle , feed Zerbles and help the moths hatch . The puzzles are challenging but fun , and children learn logic and math in the process of doing them.Another winner that is impossible to memorize , and changes every time one plays . Great for all ages .
 This game is a blast and I play it with my 6 year old grandson and he loves it too . It 's a great learning tool . Enjoy !
 Zoombini Island Odyssey is one more great program by the Learning Company . It continues the story of the Zoombinis that my whole family enjoys . From the 4 year old to grandma , we all have fun with the logic puzzles and laugh at the wonderful graphics of this program . It is great for developing logical thinking in young children .
 An engaging and creative way to learn music fundmentals . We highly recommend it .
 As a general Elementary Music Specialist , I used this program for years with kids as young as kindergarteners up to the Fifth grade . While the younger readers needed some occasional help , most kids who can `` listen '' and `` click '' can understand what to do . This is the perfect program to accompany music instruction for any kid . But even if it 's all you have , it is amazingly fun , simple , and interesting that even Paula could do it !
 This is the best program out there that I have seen to help you or your child learn piano . It has step by step lessons and practice games . Theory and then practice . I love using this program with a midi keyboard as well . I tried using it without the keyboard and I did not find the practice games as challenging or as real as playing the piano . Using the music ace program without a midi keyboard is like learning to type using an on screen keyboard with only a mouse . I have the 49e keyboard -LRB- sold separately -RRB- .
 I can not say enough about this product ! I have had it for years and I continue to update each time they have a new version . You can learn SO much about reading music , playing the piano . You could ACTUALLY teach yourself to read music . It is so much fun , you do n't even realize how much you are learning .
 My kids ca n't quit playing this learning game . My son wakes up before school to take a lesson . My daughter ca n't wait for her turn and they are learning music theory that I could n't teach them , while I learn over their shoulder . Great Fun !
 This is exactly what I needed . Help with tempo , rhythm music terminology etc. . And I can go at my own pace and hear it again . I use this even though my instrument is guitar .
 This program was recommended to us by our kids ' piano teacher . Both of my girls -LRB- ages 4 & 51/2 -RRB- take private piano lessons and their teacher suggested getting this program to supplement their lessons -LRB- it works out perfectly while one is in her lesson , I work on my laptop with the other one on the program . Each lesson takes about 1/2 an hour -RRB- . The lessons are clear and easy to understand . The only draw back is the choices in quizes are not vocalized , just written -LRB- the lessons are vocalized as well as written -RRB- so for little ones you would need to assist them . For example , Prof. Maestro will ask a questions out loud and it will be written as well . Then 4 radio buttons will be listed below with the answer choices - advance reading is necessary at this point because they put words that are similar . But other than that , my kids work on it independently until something like that appears . The games are a little intense , but the kids enjoy them.All in all it 's a great program ! I would have given 5 stars had it not been for the choices not vocalized .
 This really is a great tool . It 's a great way for students to focus on concepts through interactive lessons and games . I 'm using it as additional training for my students . They all really seem to like it . The theme is geared toward younger students though beginners at any age would benefit from using this . Caution - This software does not run on the 64-bit version Windows Vista . It runs fine on XP . I have n't tried it on 32-bit Vista yet , but I 'm assuming the Vista seal only applies to the 32-bit edition .
 The Music Ace CD-ROM series is the most educational , fun , and interesting program that I 've ever seen before . I used to play it all the time with my lovely former music teacher who retired two years ago , and I will continue to play it at home !!! -LRB- I also recommend the Music Ace 2 program for anybody who enjoys this one -RRB- . Here is the link for it : Harmonic Vision Music Ace 2 - Consumer Version , Hybrid CDEnjoy !!!
 This program is AWESOME ! I myself have been playing instruments since I was five and I still learn from this . No matter if you 're 5 or 50 , you 'll learn so much while having fun . And after you complete this , you go on to music ace 2 which is also veryyyy educational and fun !
 I have been using Music Ace in my Elementary Music Classroom for many years . When our computers were upgraded to Windows 7 our old program would not work . I am please to say , that the new program works like the old program . We use the program on the SmartBoard and everyone looks forward to a Music Ace day !
 i really enjoy this dance production software cause it 's like having a studio right on my computer .
 I purchased this for my boyfriend as a gift . He loves the board game , and was able to easily teach me how to play on this . Graphics are great , the sound is entertaining for a while , but it gets a littl bit agravating . I thought it was great on the pc , but he thought it was better as a board game because he gets to roll the dice by hand . Personal preference there I suppose . He said the dice are half the fun of the game . Risk does get you thinking and stratagizing . It 's probably good to boost your IQ , though that 's just my thought . I do n't know . Oh , one more thing . If you 're in a bad mood and want to just take over the world , break out a pc game of Risk and go for TOTAL DOMINATION . Lol
 I trully enjoy playing this game . Its too bad that it is not that well known by the general public . The online gameplay would have been spectacular fun ... but it was hard if not imposible to locate players in the lobbies . But just to play in LAN or on your own its a great deal of fun .
 Love this game and the same time version is awesome . Great buy for all who like risk .
 My boys and I love this game , It is timeless and not a fad . We hope to never wear it out . Thanks
 The first one I ordered did n't play right . So they sent me an replacement . The replacement disc is working like it 's suppose to . Ty for your help with replacing it and being so helpfull and kind . I really love this game . We have the board game and played it as much as we can .
 Game is alot of fun . The battle scenes are pretty good . I recommend this to anyone who liked playing the first Risk game . Fun for the whole family .
 I found Midisaurus to be very appealing to my students , easy to operate , and very engaging . They did n't want to quit .
 Reason departs from the traditional MIDI sequencer in a number of ways . For one , all sounds are generated on your computer , not through any outboard equipment . The most important difference , however , is the interface.The primary interface is a virtual rack of equipment , including mixers , a sampler , a loop sampler , drum machine , analog-style sequencer , subtractive synthesizer module , and in version 2.0 , a graintable synthesizer , along with effects modules such as delays , distortion , etc. . The rack metaphor is so complete that the interconnection of these elements is done through connecting virtual cables on the ` back panel , ' and the cables dangle and swing when you move them.Song sequencing is done via a more traditional deck-control and piano-roll-type interface , with features like cloning of passages , etc.Given these tools , it is possible to build a wide variety of songs from the ground up . Reason especially shines for electronic music such as techno , but has sufficiently high-quality samples and expressive ability to make any type of music.Each of the components comes with a wide library of usable patches and samples out of the box , but you can also extend the sounds yourself very easily . Each component is fairly easy to use out of the box , yet contains plenty of advanced functionality for more complex sounds.Unlike audio-based systems , Reason does n't depend on hard disk bandwidth , only CPU power , since most sounds are generated internally rather than played from disk . The exception to this would be samples used by the drum machine and sampler modules . In other words , you do n't need a souped-up machine with lots of SCSI drives in order to make music with this software . Most song files are quite small in size . Songs can be exported to AIFF files for burning onto CDs or ripping into MP3s.The only thing lacking is the ability to record audio tracks directly , but using ReWire , one can combine Reason with other sequencers which record audio , such as Digital Performer or Logic Audio.For about the cost of one real rack-mounted MIDI module , Reason provides a very capable virtual studio appealing to the expert and the tinkerer alike . Well worth the price .
 This software is great . I wanted to start making music , so I decided to buy a copy of Reason and a USB keyboard . I was immediately making music , Reason automatically recognized my keyboard as well . I 'm not much of a music buff , but this software is simply great . At first the user interface seemed daunting , but after following the tutorials , and by just using the application I became comfortable using the application.I enjoyed importing MIDI files and changing their instruments around . This software is wonderful .
 BusyTown is very entertaining and I recommend this to all parents . Runs on Win98 but not on new Macs , just beware !
 I have been using this program since it cam out in 86 . It was then and still is the best Cad program out there for the money .
 I have been really having allot of fun with Play Music . I hope to get a keyboard to use with this for christamas .
 Thsi program is very easy to use and is all I need to make my songs .
 I bought this program because I wanted to create professional looking scores within a budget . This software package was very affordable and fairly easy to install and operate . I would recommend printing and thoroughly reading the product operation manual -LRB- included via Adobe Reader -RRB- prior to operating this software . The only issues I had were that certain functions such as creating ties and slurs -LRB- which will take some practice to master -RRB- could have been easier to add to your score . This requires that you read the specific instructions . Other functions were very self explanatory based on the set up of the software.Overall , if you have basic experience using Windows , need music notation software on a budget , and do n't mind working through some minor bugs , this product is a great choice .
 This is a great program and is well worth the money . I 've written many original compositions with this software with no problems . I use the program to write and print my arraignments at church and it 's more than paid for itself . Anyone who has the need for an easy to use and stable notation program should buy this program!Happy Musician .
 Compose , play and print your own sheet music easily . Perfect for entry-level musicians .
 I really like this program . I am going to keep writing and printing my songs to be a real composer someday . I play my keyboard with this program and its like a recording studio . Thanks for all of the FUN .
 If you 're using a guitar , I 'd recommend guitar pro . Anything else , this is the program for writing songs . It only plays in piano tone , which can be somewhat limiting , but it gives you a good idea of what something sounds like . A great idea , actually .
 I had to laugh reading the first review of this dictionary , because that was EXACTLY my reaction when I first installed mine . I even wrote a VERY angry letter to Oxford about it , and they replied quite promptly and politely . The thing is , YOU HAVE TO RE-START YOUR COMPUTER ONCE YOU HAVE INSTALLED THIS SOFTWARE FOR IT TO WORK PROPERLY !! So the joke was on me , next time I turned on my computer -LRB- in time to get the very polite e-mail from Oxford -RRB- , because by then it worked perfectly . I am a writer and proofreader , and this dictionary has become one of the most valuable tools I have.Each entry includes pronounciation , part of speech , variant spellings , definition , derivatives and often etymology as well . Lots of slang words are also included , which can be very helpful when dealing with things written in dialect or * ahem * rather creatively.It is SO easy -- you just double-click on a word in your text , and INSTANT DEFINITION -LRB- and spelling -RRB- !! YAY !! This dictionary has EVERYTHING , and is international in that it has ALL English words , whether they be British , American , Australian , whatever . I love this thing , and everyone I know who has tried it does , too . Absolutely invaluable .
 Note
 I wanted some Spanish software and I stumbled across this in a local used bookstore . It was a risky purchase , but it turned out to be one of the most useful purchases I 've made for my Spanish studies . I found it so helpful to my study of the Spanish language that I put it on my Spanish Listmania list . Today as I was browsing Amazon I was surprised to see that the only review of this product was so negative ! I 'll try to present another viewpoint and address what the previous review mentions .1 . -RRB- Lack of translations -- I 'm not quite sure what this means ... This is n't translation software . It 's a dictionary . You can enter either the Spanish word or the English word ... or simply highlight and click a word on the screen . I used it for reading emails from Spanish friends , reading Spanish articles and books and for writing Spanish letters and essays . I have encountered very few words that this dictionary could n't define .2 . -RRB- Incorrect translations -- I 've found the dictionary to be exceptionally accurate . It is also exceptionally detailed and the patient and observant are rewarded . Most entries are very long -LRB- but still very accessible -RRB- -- listing many different usages and idiomatic expressions . It also lists different regional usages and meanings within the Spanish speaking world . Each word and usage is typically accompanied by an illustrative sentence using the word . Again , as I stated above this is not translation software and really ca n't be used as such . It 's a dictionary . Dictionaries are not infallible and care must be used with any dictionary . Language is ever-changing , enigmatic , fluid and organic . To blindly use the first definition that pops up would be foolish . I use this software in a practical sense , reading Spanish documents and writing to and for actual Spanish speaking people , and have never encountered any misunderstandings .3 . -RRB- Annoying pop-up window -- I never had this problem . The window only popped up when I was actually using the software . However , if this did happen I 'm sure you could just turn the application off while you are n't using it .4 . -RRB- Inconvenient -- I found this program to work well with all of my programs . It was easy to install and use .5 . -RRB- Retarded liscense management -- I 'm not even sure how to respond to this one ... If you are a serious student of the Spanish language then I think this software is excellent . It probably is n't the best product for someone temporarily or casually interested in Spanish . A simple paperback dictionary is best for that scenario .
 ... along with my favorite text , * 501 Spanish Verbs , * I 'm set ! I 'm a reasonably fluent Spanish speaker . My University of Chicago Spanish Dictionary travels with me , but this Oxford Pop-Up Spanish/English Dictionary CD is by far the best of any computer versions I 've tried over the years . It is always exceedingly useful in sending online communications and composing texts in Spanish at the computer ! Highly recommended .
 This English-Spanish dictionary is very useful , efficient , specific and quite complete.I am now definitely an enthusiast of the Oxford pop-up dictionaries as I have installed the English dictionary , the Thesaurus and the Hachette-Oxford French-English dictionary as well and use them effortlessly , on a daily basis , as much for work than for pleasure .
 I 've had this product for a number of years and I still ca n't get over how cheap it was and yet there 's nothing out there to compare with it . It 's hands down the best tool for reading documents on your computer in Spanish . It 's a dictionary - not translation software . But with the iFinger pop-up software you can click on a word and get a definition so quickly and easily that it permits you to read more difficult Spanish literature that would take too long with other computer dictionaries not to mention with a conventional paper dictionary . I have the German version also . I ca n't recommend it enough .
 It works great with most programs giving , not only the meaning , but also the translation of the word into English or Spanish depending on your needs .
 Must have tool for any kitchen !! A great way to organize the family recipies . Works great with Windows XP .
 Have used it most recently to create a cook book for my nieces 's wedding present . It is also great as I create my own `` recipe box '' merging my favorite recipes with my mother 's and friends ' recipes .
 If you create your own recipes and like to keep an organized log of them , this is a great product . I love storing the recipes I create and running the nutrition facts to find out where I can adjust . It comes with a variety of cookbooks already stored , none of which I 've tried . Considering that this is the CD rom that came with one of my textbooks required for one of my culinary classes , I do n't think you can go wrong .
 The only review here given is rather old . So I will write a new one and hopefully this can help out potential customers on the decision of purchasing this product . First of all . I own -LRB- literally -RRB- every 2D and 3D game engine license . I have Game Maker , I have The Games Factory , Game Editor , the list goes on and on . Reason I bring those up is cause those are all great tools and do the job . Create 2D games.This product is always undergoing updates , and the community and developers are always around to help out . Ive been around for about two years and the community has been nothing but great . By just doing the tutorial which comes with the product , and spending about 30 seconds looking around of each thing it tells you to do , out of the box your pretty much ready to create ! The documentation is superb , and the tutorial is flawless , easy to follow and contains absolutley no bugs . As soon as I was done with the tutorial as quickly as I finished it was adding power ups , ability to gain more lives etc. . Without further documentation.The graphics , sounds are provided to you , but that dosent mean you can not import and use your own . If you wanted to make Mario 10 , you could , Zelda 20 , its possible . Dont mistake this `` drag and drop '' engine for something that can not make professional quality games . The license allows you to sell your finished product as well.The product also allows you to create games and put them on your website , others dont have to download a thing . You create your game in MMF2 , and use a simple import option and its all done for you . Drag the finished file to your web server and tell your friends to play !! IT IS that simple . It also now allows java , . swf and so on . Enjoy this product everyone , as I have . .
 I had been using this line of software for many years starting with Klik 'n Play -LRB- released in 1994 -RRB- . It 's very easy to make games and other applications with , but the company who makes it -LRB- Clickteam -RRB- is very slow to release updates and keep up with the times.If you do n't want to bother ever learning code , and for some reason you still want to make your own games or software ... then this product is great for you . If you want to make games playable on the web , then I do not recommend this.Clickteam , for years , has been talking about releasing an update to compile games in Java format , to be played on the web . However , after all this time , all that exists is a skimpy beta version of this.The bottom line is that much fun can be had with this product , but if you are serious about making your own games or other software , I strongly recommend you learn some code -LRB- preferably ActionScript or Java -RRB- . Also , if you are considering buying this product , you should definitely download a free trial version from Clickteam 's site first .
 ... if serious processing/editing of wave files is what you 're looking for , look no further than Wavelab 4.0 . For several months , I 've used a demo version to clean up LPs/cassettes for a very dear composer friend , as well as two family members . The demo necessitates recording the results in real time utilizing a separate audio recorder , but the results have been well worth it.Wavelab 4.0 includes a VST `` Declick '' plugin that can only be described as amazing ! It does a marvelous job removing ticks , pops , and even distortion from worn vinyl sources . A `` Denoise '' plugin , though not quite as effective in my own experience , removes a great deal of hiss , etc. from analog sources , without compromising the quality/sound of the music itself.I used the demo of 4.0 to process a 1960s compilation of classical piano LPs for a family member . Condition of the discs can best be described as deplorable -- noise , ticks , pops , distortion ... you name it , and the problem was there . Wavelab 4.0 dramatically improved these irreplaceable recordings . The end result was n't perfect , but was head/shoulders above the quality of the original discs . The recipient of the completed CDs offered me the highest praise that could have been asked for
 This program is amazing . Editing tools that I had never even heard of before have become part of my mixing process . The multiband compressor tightens up the lows and highs nicely , and I ca n't go on enough about the De-noiser . Noisy Tascam Portastudio demos have gone from unlistenable to finished products in minutes . There 's just so much on here to work with that I ca n't imagine ever letting anyone ever hear my music without running it through Wavelab first . One of the musicians that I work with tells everyone that I 'm a studio genius , but truth be told , I owe it all to Wavelab . You will never find yourself having to explain poor production quality to anyone ever again -LRB- umm ... we wanted it to sound rough like that -RRB- .
 Hello ... I just want to say , I enjoy using this software/these programs ... They allow me/user to be very creative in creating different types of grooves ... If you enjoy creating music , you might want to check out this software pack ... Thanks ...
 I just ca n't say enough , RentRight is a complete package for people in the rental business . The more I used it , the more I realized how much time was spent making the software really good , clearly designed from people that know the business . RentRight is VERY EASY for beginners and once you learn it , you 'll see that it has everything you need to be a great landlord . Even complicated tasks in RentRight are easy , in the forms area you can click a form , then a Tenant and click merge , it auto-fills the document for you like magic . You can even select a form , then multiple Tenants , click merge and you have just created documents for multiple Tenants with just a few clicks , it 's amazing . On their website you can download a trail version of RentRight , download product updates and view video tutorials , all FREE . I have owned and managed rental properties for 12 years and have been in the tech support business for 10 years , I only recommend RentRight software for landlords and property managers . After spending the time downloading and testing every product out there , my choice was easy , the clear winner was RentRight .
 Having management rental properties for over 15 years I can appreciate the thoroughness and ease of use of RentRight software . I have used other , more costly programs in the past and find RentRight to exceed all expectations . Their customer support is also above average .
 My husband & i manage 53 properties for 11 different out of state investors . I researched so many property management software programs , and found RentRight software to be the answer to our prayers . The ease of the program with the detailed reports and other features is second to none .
 RENT RIGHT saves me so much time in tracking rents , preparing invoices , managing work orders , etc. . Great layout of tenant information and income/expense reports . My accountant is going to love me !! I feel more confident that I can expand my business and still keep my attention on the day-to-day operations without sacrificing precious time with all of the paperwork ! BIG TIME SAVER !! I 've spent considerable time reviewing other products but they do n't match the flexibility and expandability of RENT RIGHT . HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION !!
 recycle is useful because you can remix any . wav or . aif file you input into your computer . then you can sequence it -LRB- that is to say , time it -RRB- with other concurrent bits and pieces of sound.Propellerhead is a musician 's group , who are also a team of programmers and have created a series of software which are all intercompatible ; including reason , which is another synth and midi module ; and rebirth , which i am not familiar with.recycle is useful because you can remix any . wav or . aif file you input into your computer . then you can sequence it -LRB- that is to say , time it -RRB- with other concurrent bits and pieces of sound.it reacts the way an MPC would if the MPC 's trim mode was enhanced by an amount only dreamable.i do n't recommend downloading this product for free because the setup file requires a proof-of-purchase cD and the Propellerheads deserve their props . but i could really use that fifty dollar gift certificate .
 Extreme Chess contains two chess programs
 Extreme Chess has a very strong program . Play it on a regular basis and will prepare you well to be a challenging contender . I played it on Windows 95/98 , 2000 , XP but I have not been able to make it work on Windows 7 . This is very frustrating because I am not planning to go back to previous Windows just to play Extreme Chess . There might be a way to make it work on Windows 7 but I have not been able to find it myself . It would be much appreciated if someone else who was successful in achieving this will explain how to do it .
 This is a old product , i bougth 10 year ago , nice sparing.This one is a old version of Fritz , the ELo of this software is 2300 or 2400 USCF . Internacional Master style game.This software has a nice methods to rank your opponent by ELO.If you are a beginer , start with this , you will not regret , the only thing is the poor render of the pieces -LRB- ten years ago -RRB- Parents , buy this for your kids , this program will prepare you son for Fritz software.Bye
 Lots of fun and kids do n't even know they are learing or reviewing math facts !
 I bought this for my three and a half year old and he loves it . The exercises are quite similar to those presented in many workbooks for pre-schoolers , but although my son wo n't do workbooks , he 's crazy about this CD Rom . The activities are short , simple and varied . After a few exercises , he gets to play a game -LRB- that helps develop computer skills , and that is non-violent -RRB- or there is a cute little animation that he really likes . One of the reason he likes to do the exercises is to see what will happen next -LRB- the frog game , the chicken laying eggs or something else ? -RRB- . The begining exercises are about the right level for him , but the next level up seems a bit more of a challenge . I like this in that it will stay challenging . He wanted to repeat the begining again and new exercises appeared as well as old ones in a different order . All in all , this was money well spent .
 I love learning tools and my daughter would play with this all day if I allowed her too but because of her age she 's only allowed small increments at a time . Great for kids . I would buy many more of these items .
 Well made product from digidesign . It 's an affordable way to get a small studio up and running . It has worked out on many different applications for myself .
 In respose to Bubba Franks ' review : While it is true that out of the box , Kubuntu ca n't play mp3s or DVDs with CSS protection , the software for these tasks can be easily downloaded once the system is installed . On the wireless issue , Kubuntu comes with drivers for many adaptors preinstalled so you can start straight away . And if it does n't you can easily download them with a wired internet connection first . It is not the fault of Kubuntu that not all adaptors work with it out of the box , it is the fault of the manufacturers , as after all Windows does n't come with wireless drivers preinstalled , they come on a CD with the adaptor , which in the vast majority of cases only provide drivers for Windows and not Linux . If the manufacturers provided Linux drivers as well , Kubuntu and other Linux distributions would be on level terms with Microsoft in this respect.On the whole , Kubuntu is a fantastic operating system especially considering you can download it from their website for free and can make as many copies as you wish , and even modify it to suit your needs . If you do n't have a fast internet connection you can order it on a CD from the website for free , but this DVD edition contains more software which is good for people with really slow connections , and paying for it helps to support the development of Kubuntu .
 Ubuntu and its variants Kubuntu , Edubuntu and Xubuntu are simply the best choice for anyone looking for an alternative to Windows . All programs , including an office suite , media players , pdf reader and creator and much more , are automatically installed with the operative system.No problems installing new programs . It 's even easier than Windows . You do n't need to search lots of web sites to find the program you need . After a couple of clicks using the `` Add and remove programs '' feature , you can easily find , choose and install the programs you want , and Ubuntu will make sure that they work.As for the issue about having no support for commercial formats like mp3 , dvd movies and the like , -LRB- not included with Ubuntu because all the software in it is free -RRB- you can easily fix it by downloading the `` Easy Ubuntu '' program , which will get Ubuntu ready to play all you want .
 Bubba Franks - you say that Kubuntu can not do all those things right out of the box ?? Yes , it can not , but installing them is 2minutes of work -LRB- KDE menu >> adept >> selecting packages >> installing , nothing difficult -RRB- . And what Window $ can do out of the box ? - NOTHING , you just have a lame notepad , paint and outdated few years ago wmp.People , it 's great deal !! For free you have -LRB- working out of the box -RRB- : - Office apps-Multimedia -LRB- can play non-encrypted dvds , ogg and many more can be added later by few clicks -RRB- - STABILITY AND SECURITY - as someone said - Viruses for linux are like Yeti - many heard of them , but nobody have realy seen one-Development tools -LRB- I 'm a programmer and I like that I can start to program just after installation - on windows you can do poo about that -RRB- - After installing CEDEGA software -LRB- which is very cheap -RRB- you can play almost all your windows games -LRB- I 'm using it , and on linux I can play Warcraft3 , OBLIVION , Quake3 , Dungeon Sige II - all works flawlessly -RRB- Realy , KUBUNTU is a system I can recommend to anyone , does n't matter - for desktop , server or gaming machine - KUBUNTU ROCK !!!!
 I 've tried a few other versions of Linux -LRB- Red Hat , Mandrake , Debian -RRB- and I 've found Kubuntu to be the most user-friendly version . Upgrades are simplified with Adept and Synaptic . There are many things that worked immediately . I had always had a problem configuring my sound card with the other versions of Linux , but not with Kubuntu . Of course , Windows-based games require Wine or Cedega to work on Linux . And , some -LRB- like Sims 2 -RRB- will not work at all . But , if ever there were a Linux OS that would make want to say good-bye to Windows forever , Kubuntu would be it .
 Kubuntu 6.06 LTS -LRB- LTS stands for Long Term Support -RRB- is the latest release from the Kubuntu/Ubuntu folks . The great thing about the DVD is that it contains the entire main archive which is great for those with limited bandwidth.Kubuntu 6.06 will be supported on the desktop for 3 years and contains the latest version of KDE that was available at release time . Along with KDE there are other great applications included at the amazing price of Free !!! Kubuntu 6.06 is great for those who are waiting to make the switch to Linux .
 GREAT FUN AND KIDS LOVE TO LEARN TO TYPE . BEST ONE I HAVE SEEN YET AND I AM A TEACHER IN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL . FUN MUSIC AND ACTIVITIES AND MANY LEVELS . SUPER GREAT .
 If you 're not a fan of Spongebob , you may find yourself in the good company of Squidwort in finding Spongebob ANNOYING ! But if not , this is a fun program to hone your typing skills . I type about 65 wpm or so , but my netbook does not have a ten-key pad and sometimes i look down to make sure i type the period or the comma or vice-a-versa . And legion are those who type slopplily and use backspace to compensate . Spend a few minutes here and there working on your typing and you will not be sorry . Backspace correction is very time comsuming and you really should build better habits -LRB- I am probably in agreement with your high school typing teacher and mother on this point -RRB- . No more embarrasing typos in chat ! Increase your productivity ! Get the kids started early with good keyboarding skills and they 'll be a step ahead . Semper fi or whatever .
 SnagIt offers a very simple to use screen capture utility that is robust enough to meet most user needs . The auto-scroll feature lets users capture pages that are more than one screen long . SnagIt allows multiple outputs -LRB- jpg , png , tif , etc. -RRB- and means of delivery right from the SnagIt menu . One other nice feature is that after installing SnagIt , an icon to use the capture program is placed in IE or other MS Office application making it very convenient to use .
 This is a GREAT program . The main screen allows 1 or 2 players , play against the clock , challenge another player , or practice one set at a time -LRB- 0s , 1s , 2s , etc. -RRB- . The second screen is a Magic Square -LRB- table -RRB- from 0 to 12 to help the student find the correct answer , and posts the math family group in upper right-hand corner that will repeat back the equation clicked on . It can be used to solve a problem on the main screen , or as an exercise in itself . It has rewards after each set is successfully completed , it keeps track of progress , and can adjust the difficulty of the problems . In a word , Fantastic ! My kid loves it , too !
 This product is just as described . We are pleased with the product graphics and lively comments . We do believe it will help reinforce our son 's addition/subtraction facts . It would be MORE helpful however if we could set some kind of specifications to have only facts in the 1s , 2s , 3s , etc instead of levels , so that it is not so random and you can be sure they learn ALL the facts . Then later on when they have a grasp , it could be set as random .
 LOVE this series of software . I am the home-school father of 9 , and my teaching area is math and science.These are entertaining and instructive for the children . They are also fun -LRB- if you have n't spoiled your kids with Gameboy or Xbox , etc. -RRB- . I use School Zone flash cards and these programs as a core for repetitive learning in Math up to about 2nd grade.So far all 3 of my older kids have tested 2 to 5 years ahead of their current age in math , and making math interesting fun was a big part of this . The younger ones are anxious to get rolling with this after seeing their older siblings playing it . The older ones even like to hang out and revisit the programs as ` Advisors ' for the younger ones.A good series of products . Highly recommend both Math and flash cards for math .
 My children really like this typing program . The only trouble we have with it , is it freezes the computer up quite regularly . This is the second CD we ordered that has had the same problem .
 I like to have this program because I all ready have'it inthe past , and I enjoy to repeat ` it .
 I really enjoy this game . I can relax and let the old brain relax . It is fun and can be played over and over .
 I have to admit , when a friend told me to try Ancient Tri-jong , I was very skeptical . But now 64 levels later , its GREAT . It 's very addictive and I have played it for 4.5 hours straight . Starts off simple , but trust me the higher the level , the harder it gets . Great Game , Great Price . It 's so good , I bought 12 of these for Christmas gifts for friends . Overall % STARS >
 I 'm a musician , and I 'm trying to learn guitar as well . This is great , it really goes through the basics , and has been very helpful.However , it does n't teach you accuratly how to tune . I ca n't stand doing all these exercises out of tune . It drives me crazy , and makes me want to put the guitar back in the case , untill someone can tune it for me.I do n't want to invest in a tuner , untill I know I want to keep learing how to play , and I do n't want to play while I 'm so out of tune ! What a vicious circle :-RRB- .
 There are a lot of MIDI software -LRB- plug in -RRB- synthesizers on the market today , some with very hefty price tags on them and most being designed to operate in conjunction with a host sequencing program . Roland -LRB- Edirol -RRB- have offered a Virtual Sound Canvas software synth since the 80 's with this unit being the latest and lowest priced offering . For any person who uses MIDI to play or record standard MIDI files , this unit is essential . It can be used with vst , dxi or it can stand alone and play all of the MIDI files you have in your computer or sequencer . This software comes complete with a truckload of MIDI files -LRB- songs -RRB- , ready to play . The sounds are plentiful , generally good sounding , -LRB- drums leave a little to be desired -RRB- and boast of 128 voice polyphony . But , the most notable thing about this program is that it is easy to use and is dirt cheap at 40-50 bucks or so . This is one of the most useful and cheap products that Roland -LRB- Edirol -RRB- has ever offered and is the very cheapest good sounding plug in on the market . This is also the only stand alone software module that I know of . Cool , cool , cool .
 I first tried the punch platinum hiome design 8.0 and was able with great difficulty to draw a set of prints that we built a home from.I then upgraded to Arch 3000 which is certainly a much better product . The interface is virtually the same but some of the additional tools make the program.The best addition being the room wizard although it is fairly basic and not fully fleshed out , it does allow the first floor of a house plan to be drawn to basics VERY quickly much faster than a trace image . Warning though to people designing basements , make the basement FLOOR 1 and if you use the room wizard use it for the basement . I know the tutorial states you can easily just lower the elevation of the fountation walls to create your basement but as many people have commented with punch products what is stated is not always what happens and in this case your whole first floor including ANY connected interior walls are dropped into the basement.You can work around this but only if you make floor 1 your basement.Again a decent product but know what you are buying this program can produce buildable home plans IF you have engineering or construction knowlege but mostly its still a program for a home owner to `` envision '' the layout of their home .
 Our 6 yr . old daughter loves this software . I have started limiting her computer time now , because if I did n't she would play this game for hours . It works well , user friendly and the format is great . Love the colors and animation.She gets so excited when she learns a new fact about her state or where a relative lives . She 's already telling us where she would like to go on vacation !
 This game was great to learn about the USA . We still play this all the time . We have had it for over a year .
 I think I had as much fun with this as our son did . We homeschool and we honestly spent 4 hours one day playing with this !
 4 Award Winning Preschool Educational Titles in One Collection!Help your children breeze through basic preschool concepts with a little help from their friends Dr. Seuss , Arthur , Reader Rabbit and Tigger in Adventure Workshop Preschool ! Trust the characters who have guided children for decades to prepare your child for a successful preschool year . It 's all waiting for you in Adventure Workshop Preschool!Enhance learning at home in a fun , interactive way!Titles Included : Disney 's Tigger Activity CenterArthur 's Discovery TreehouseDr . Seuss Explore SeussvilleReader Rabbit Learning AdventuresDisney 's Tigger Activity Center ... . Explore the 100-Acre Wood with Tigger and his friends ! Click on numbered dots to reveal a picture , sort vegetables for Rabbit , build a bridge of turtles for Tigger to cross the river and much more in Disney 's Tigger Activity Center.Children interact with their favorite friends while sharpening problem solving skills . They will learn about following directions , sorting , memory games , and analytical skills.Arthur 's Discovery Treehouse ... . Arthur 's Day of Fun includes practicing computer skills , math and reading with a program personalized for your child ! Help build a robot by handing The Brain the boxes with the letters he asks for , choose photos to match emotions , count baseballs and more!As you join Arthur and friends on an interactive , skill-building adventure , your child will also discover counting , letter recognition , mathing and sorting , and critical thinking skills.Dr . Seuss Explore Seussville ... . Discover Seussville and join all of your favorite Dr. Seuss characters on a whimsical journey to help baby Elma Sue search for her mother . Play 250 + lessons to build essential preschool skills , from math and early reading to memory-building and listening skills.Get ready for a fun adventure and head to Seussville and explore a colorful and fun-filled world of early learning!Reader Rabbit Learning Adventures ... . Journey to a crazy amusement park full of adventure and wild games to enhance recognition of letters , numbers , shapes and colors in Reader Rabbit Reading Adventure.Dozens of self-paced skill-building activities including stories , lessons and games . Children will have fun while learning their critical thinking skills.Windows RequirementsWindows 98SE , Me , XP -LRB- Home and Pro -RRB- Pentium II 300 MHz processor or faster64 MB RAM -LRB- 128 MB RAM for XP -RRB- 250 MB of free hard disk space8X CD-ROM drive or faster4 MB DirectX 7 compatible video cardWindows compatible 16-bit sound card & speakers Windows compatible keyboard & mouse QuickTime v5 -LRB- included on CD -RRB- DirectX7 .0 -LRB- included on CD -RRB- Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 or higher ; Printer Support
 I 'm in shock at the other reviews . This program saved me HOURS and HOURS of design time . What I do is search , online , for digital scrapbooking downloads and you will find digital website that give you FREE downloadable backgrounds , fibers , brads , eyelets , tags , everything you can think of and ADD them to the gallery folder in the software . The only reason I use it is to plan my entire layout before I actually create it . One thing you want to do is plan an entire layut before glueing anything down . This allows you to do that . It only takes minutes to create a layout instead of several hours.Another thing I do is scan every scrapbook paper I buy . If you do a little at a time it 's not overwhelming . This way you can really create your layout . You can also scan any stickers u buy and add them to the gallery folder . To find the folder go to c
 I thought this product was easy to use and produced decent results . It works better than some of the more expensive software ; I have tried at least a half-dozen similar programs , but I keep returning to this bargain-bin favorite . For the money , it is an excellent value .
 This scrapbook software is so veratile & easy to use ! I like the fact that I can use templates or create / add my own to make scrapbook pages , which is what I primarily use it for . You can also create craft projects such as smaller format books , journals , postcards , labels and more . I 'm not sure if this program is still supported by Ideasoft as I was unable to register the program when prompted . At this time the software works on Windows 98 to Windows XP ; I would not recommend using it on Windows 7 as some of the functions do n't work . I hope for a Windows 7 / 8 version sometime in the future ~ I would definitely buy it .
 Worked very well in my computer , even when newer products would not . Good product . Very user friendly .
 This is a quite decent and powerful piece of software at a very bargain price , to say the least about the price tag . It is very versatile and has many editing features not found in a nice freeware program I also currently use . True that some of the clipart is a mixed bag -- some of it is cheesy , but there are also tons of very nice alphabets , for example , lots of fun text effects and other embellishments etc. . The power of the software is well worth the price even it came without any included graphics . Free and inexpensive scrapbook art itself is everywhere on the internet for use within such software , according to taste , and everyone 's will differ.While I do n't know whether it is being upgraded any longer -LRB- I was unable to register it from within the program prompt -RRB- this software also has many additional templates for other crafty projects such as smaller format books , journals , postcards , labels and more . One of the things I like most is that the scrapbook templates default to the letter size pages , which is my preference and becoming harder to find , but 12 X 12 is there as well as other sizes . Just pick a size , load it up and start editing the elements . For the price and flexibility , you can not go wrong .
 I like it but its hard for me to get things on it figured out but I did make my grandson a B-day card but it came out much bigger than I wanted I do n't know how to resize the stuff . I 'll keep trying :-RRB- thanks
 When I first began downloading this program I did not know how I should install it or how much memory it used . I phoned tech support and picked this poor young man 's brains . He answered every question I asked patiently and politely . He even walked me through some basic tools in the program . I am impressed!The software has hundreds upon hundreds of pre-made scrapbook pages for photos to be inserted , a heap of quality graphics , and these cute balloons you can add text to !! This is so easy to use that after 1 hour of playing with this I had printed half a dozen scrapbook pages!PEOPLE ... THIS IS A QUALITY PRODUCT !!!
 I ca n't believe this application . I bought it last year and I have 200 pages completed . I can truthfully say that I will never scrapbook the traditional way from this moment on . So fast and easy ! I will be all up to date with my scrap booking for X-MAS ' 05 . I am overjoyed . I do n't believe I know anyone who scrapbooks traditionally anymore ! Thanks for simplifying my life
 This product was delivered on time and in good condition . I would recommend this product .
 This is the most amazing collection of Bible information for computers . At the price it can not be beat . 15 complete Bibles , over 6 million cross references , 250 color maps and pictures plus much more all for $ 9.99 .
 Put this product on a hotel lobby computer that was continually getting infected with virus and adware . Now when a problem occurs - just reboot and the computer is back to it 's original configuration - virus and adware free .
 While this program is n't going to teach you the Arabic alphabet or any written script it is a good introduction.The most useful portions of this program help you learn numbers and colors . Plus you can learn some other helpful phrases , or maybe ask for directions.If you do n't want to spend a whole lot of money on some of the other programs out there and want to get a basic feel for the language this is a great alternative .
 I felt from the beginning these two CD 's was just a verbal introduction to immerse one into the world of the Arabic language . I do not think it was ever intended to teach writing and grammar by any means.For any one wishing the fundamentals of Arabic you will learn the language if you follow the way the CD 's were intended.Compared to a lot of language CD 's and programs out on the market you will learn enough Arabic that you can at least speak the basic 's of the language , as they say like a native .
 Instan immersion arabic system is made using the communicative approach . It means they teach you how to listen and speak arabic , before you learn how to read and write it . I love it . If you want to learn arabic just for traveling , this is the best . If you want to learn arabic for other purposes it 's a good start.Guillermo Murillo
 Arabic is a pretty tough row to hoe for anyone whose previous languages are romantic . I 've tried a couple of these CD-ROMs and this is by far the best . This is the one to get .
 Excellent product !!! Had me speaking my first words in Arabic in 5 minutes !
 This is a nicely set up program for learning arabic words and phrases . It works great if that is what you want to do . However , this is not a program for learning the arabic language . If you want to actually study the language , nothing beats a textbook . Or maybe the really expensive software packages . But I would recommend this program for learning basic words and phrases .
 I teach ESL , so I know what is out there in with respect to language acquisition . I think this is a fun way to get started with Arabic . For the price , it think it is a great value .
 Very very hard to follow . But , I 'm still working with it . I do love the DVDs though . At times I actually feel as if I 'm there .
 THIS REVIEW IS WRITTEN BY ONE WHO IS AN ARABIC MEET-UP COORDINATOR AND TEACH ARABIC ON A VOLUNTEER BASIS TO ARABS . I THINK THIS CD IS DEFINITELY USEFUL FOR IMPROVING YOUR RECOGNITION OF THE LANGUAGE , AND THE SOUNDS OF THE LANGUAGE . NOW IT IS NOT THE END ALL AND BE ALL OF LEARNING ARABIC . YOU WILL NEED OTHER MATERIALS LIKE A BOOK ... I USE THE 100 WORDS AND THE READ AND SPEAK ARABIC FOR BEGINNERS FOR MY CLASS . I HAVE YET TO USE THIS CD BUT ONE OF MY STUDENTS HAS IT AND LIKES IT ... . I HAVE CHECKED IT OUT AND LIKE HOW IT TEACHES YOU TO SOUND THINGS , HAS A GAME TO SEE HOW WELL YOU REMEMBER ...
 While I have n't used this course yet I have used the Spanish immersion course offered by Topics Entertainment -LRB- Talk Now ! etc. -RRB- and the course is great . It 's a lot of fun to play the games and is very educational at the same time . It 's helpful to both beginners and those who already have a working knowledge of the language . While I already have a strong background in Arabic , I am excited to have this CD set to augment my other materials ... for review and language maintenance . It 's definitely a must have and the price is certainly right .
 I originally bought this software when I had Windows ME . It worked really well and I loved it . It 's simple to use -- click the icon and you are ready to look up words . When I got a new computer which came with Windows XP , my original software would not work . I bought a new version thinking my old version just was not compatible . As it turns out , there is some issue with all versions of the software working with XP . Topics Entertainment is aware of the issue , but unable to resolve it . Topics Entertainment had a relatively friendly and helpful technical support department -LRB- though somewhat slow -RRB- and they offered to take the software back after the problem failed to be resolved . But that still leaves me without my much-missed dictionary program . If you do n't have XP , then I highly recommend this program . If you have XP , find an alternative -LRB- which I am searching for presently . -RRB-
 Bar none , the best CD-ROM Dictionary and Thesaurus -- only problem is , it does n't work on many versions of XP.With over 500,000 definitions , synonyms , and antonyms , it offers twice the content of every other CD-ROM available . Merriam-Webster and Oxford , the most popular software , offer only 225,000 different words . The Visual Thesarus , while flashy , uses the MW thesarus , so it 's just a different presentation of the same material . Once you get used to using WNW , everything else seems really sparse in comparison.WNW has a lot of other nice features in addition to the comprehensiveness . - You can use the dictionary and thesaurus simultaneously . - Click on any word you want more information about , and the program jumps to that word and all of * its * synonyms . -LRB- I ca n't tell you how helpful I found this . -RRB- Clicking around like this can help you choose the synonym with the exact nuance that you need . - It never gives you `` ca n't find that word '' error messages , like Webster 's Talking Dictionary & Thesaurus . -LRB- I really have tried everything else out there . -RRB- If it ca n't find a word , it shows you the closest words , so you can pick from one of those . Roget 's at thesaurus.com does the same thing , but not as well . - If you search a version of the word , it will jump you to the root -LRB- e.g. if you search `` sank , '' it will give you `` sink '' rather than give you an error message -RRB- . My only complaint
 I have this product installed on Windows XP Professional . I suggest running the program so its dictionary & thesaurus are open at the same time - side by side . IT WORKS GREAT and never interferes with other computer programs .
 There 's one thing I 'd like to add to the reviews other readers have written regarding installation . I tried the instructions they suggested but still the software would not install -LRB- I have Windows 7 -RRB- . Finally I decided to restart my PC , and as I closed the last program , voila , the software began to install itself ! So just make sure that in addition to the other stuff you do , all other programs are really shut.Besides that , I agree with other users that on the downside , the window interface for the dictionary is way too small . On the upside , this is a really good and useful dictionary !
 Webster 's New World Dictionary & Thesaurus comes loaded with 500,000 definitions , synonyms , and antonyms.The Visual Dictionary is an archive of 3,500 + images in color on 600 + subjects w / detailed identification and translations in French & Spanish.This software on 2 CD-ROMs was published by Accent Software Int ' l in 1998 for MS Windows 95 and up . ISBN-10
 - Installation is quick and easy - The disc does not have to be in the CD-Rom to run the program - Instant access to definition/thesaurus just by clicking the word from any application - 500,000 definitions , synonyms and antonyms - Easy to understand definitions - Inexpensive - Great bonus CD included -LRB- Visual Dictionary & Letter templates -RRB-
 This is a good toe in the water program . A great way to learn some basicnoun vocabulary . It 's fun and easy . I like the approach . Too bad it does n't have many continuations in higher levels . This is not at all a grammar type program and it is very basic . The material is presented in a very learnable format.It presents colors , some foods , some household items , 1-10 numbers in the first CD . The second takes vocab learned in the first CD and uses phrases with the previous vocab as clue words . I like the game format that makes it really fun .
 Being a video professional , I was looking for ways to enhance my Photo/Slide to DVD slideshows . I get many requests to do `` This is Your Life '' type DVD 's , and was looking to improve them.Looking around the web , I found this product , and it really blew me away . It automates the process , and has really added to my creative ideas . I also use this product for cool Intros to my Corporate DVD 's . Simply save a handful of photos into a folder , and pick one of the many animation templates , many of would have taken me days to design in another program.I like to import these animations into Adobe Premiere , and this is where I dock this product one star . After inputting into Premiere , I am not 100 % happy with the quality . Some of the colors bleed , lines jump , and the sharpness should be better . In addition , there is no way to import into Premiere and use your own backgrounds , which would be great.This , however , does not stop me from using in Premiere . I still think the quality is `` Good Enough '' and people who view my finished think I spent days designing -LRB- exactly what you wan na hear from customers ! -RRB- . Worth The Money !
 The product is very easy to use and understand and can allow the user of the product to create very amazing 3D animated photos . It also provide a license for selling your photo-work . Before making a purchase for this particular software a good video graphics card is necessary to see the true colors and additive blending for some 3D-Album presentations . I really like the product and ca n't wait for the possibility of having more control using the product .
 We are using Customer Manager , to build out customer database . We all submit customer contacts names , titles , phone numbers , and e-mail address . We have not experienced any of the bugs the other have mentioned . One thing is Intuit provides automatic update to the software in the same fashion as it does for Quickbooks . Meaning , as corrections are made you get them uploaded.I periodically take my copy of the database file , and update our Quickbooks file.Like Quickbooks only 5 users can share one database `` file '' . But Unlike Quicbooks , the database file called the `` depot.file '' is a community file which each user syncs and updates to in order to get the other community memember additions ; one at a time.You can also use Customer Manager to set-up To-do 's and set assignments and for other users . It track of open and closed jobs , set deadlines , provide alerts etc.You can customize the data your keep by adding fields to track customer by.You can also group what you are managing , just not customers . You can group by customer , vendor , supplier , employee , etc.For the price it worth exploring .
 I have been using Customer Manager by Quickbooks for over a year . It keeps your projects , customers , all files in other software that you need to attach to the Customer Manager Project file -LRB- my main reason for getting this product -RRB- and many other details that are handy , in a easy to use interface . Its easy to look at , flows well and is intuitive . The only reason I did not give it a five star , is that I can not sync with a phone , or some other type of portable device other than a laptop for taking with me on the field .
 I purchased this item in order to load a decent compiler on an old Windows 95 machine ... why DOS ? Well , I am making my way through some classic game programming books -LRB- see Andre LaMothe -RRB- that require that you fiddle with the assembler and `` own the hardware . '' It is a great experience in understanding what it took to create games like Doom and Quake when you had to code to the metal . This compiler is sweet and easy to use . I wish the tools -LRB- IDE -RRB- today were as straightforward and simple to use . I am not sure how many people want to go way back in time ... it would be purely for personal satisfication to code the old-fashioned way . I wonder how I missed the boat the first time around . This is a great product for its time .
 This is a Jump Start Title - they make only the best ! However , this one the Jump Start Animal Adventures - is very easy to use - I help at a day care center - in the computer department - working with three , four and five year olds on the computers - they went wild over this title - the graphics are great the music is great - it still uses the mouse for picture taking but in the games the introduction to the use of the arrow keys and the space bar is a nice , very nice touch . It has got `` just the right balance of knowledge learning and game fun - the three skill levels are great with this added touch all children can progress at their own speed - I have a five year old , girl , whos birthday came at the wrong time of the year last year for her to go to kindergarten this last year - she is playig it on level 3 and loves it - she really loves the `` Animal Smarts '' game at the end . I also have a four year old boy who is at the same level as my five year old girl . Yes , I must admit , I am the five year old girl 's Grandmother as well as I have her in my computer class at day care - Buy this - you will `` NOT '' be SORRY - Thank you !
 This is a first rate game . My two boys , ages 3 & 5 drive me nuts asking to play all the time . The vocbulary lessons are first rate . The music catches their attention and they sing along with the songs . The information is wonderful and requires them to use abstract thinking skills . There are crafts , stickers and a certificate . Lots of well thought out programing went into this game .
 Well I ca n't say enough about this program ! My 3-year-old daughter is a complete animal nut and when I got her JumpStart Animal Adventures , she dove right in . The graphics and animation are incredible and the music is really fun . I wish Knowledge Adventure would make a million more of these titles ! They 're great !
 Jumpstart Animal Adventures is a fun , educational game . My 4 year old son loves the current music and funny music videos of the animals . The crab music video `` Regeneration '' -LRB- about defending your territory and occasionally losing a limb that grows back -RRB- makes me and my son giggle every time -LRB- think
 I bought this game for my 3 yr old . He LOVED it . Not only did he really enjoy playing it , he learned a great deal from it as well . A few months back , he broke the CD and has not been able to play it . He still talks about things that he has learned through that game . I finally decided to come back and purchase another one for him . Good buy !
 This is one of the games we use in our preschool and is very well suited for 4 year olds and more advanced 3 's . Once they get used to the process of taking pictures and then placing them in the right places in the album , it 's a fun game for them . Also , it is easy to get in and out of without going through too many steps . They can learn to type their names and start fresh as many times as they like , or increase their play levels as they master each unit . A very good purchase .
 My 4 yr old daughter loves animals and computer games and this one has really helped her refine her animal knowledge and her computer skills . The music is `` hip '' and the games are well thought out and a lot of fun.I have to mention that the game was a bit complex for my daughter when she first started playing it . -LRB- In addition to the mouse , kids are required to use arrow keys and the space bar for some games . -RRB- I was pretty sure I 'd have to shelf the game for a few months and try again later . But I sat with her and showed her what to do . She caught on fast .
 My kids have learned SO Much from this game . I had low expectations but this far surpassed them ! We have used Jumpstart software from the toddler level all the way to 2nd grade , and this is the all time favorite.Both my 4 yo and 6 yo learned a great deal about animals and their habitats , their diets and so forth , more than I knew ! The games are fun and action packed enough for my 4 yo boy . The crafts and printouts are very motivating.All around , Jumpstart has a winner with this program .
 My son received this software for his 5th B-day . He loves it . The first day I had to sit with him . Some of the games can be difficult for a novice computer user . This software has taught him more about the food chain . It teaches about sorting into different groups , based on where the animal lives or the animals that eat meat vs. vegetables . My son was already very interested in animals and this has already taught him -LRB- and mom -RRB- a lot of vocabulary . This is great software for kids interested in animals and science . However , this should not be their only resource into the world of animals .
 My child never gets bored playing this game . It is a fun way to learn about animals and a great way to learn new vocabulary . This is a great gift for any 3-5 year old .
 My 6 year old has not stopped this game . He loves it and does not need help . He started on the first level and kept on going . Its the first thing he does in the morning and continues all day . He no longer watches TV . We love it . He sometimes lets his sister age 4 play and she has fun too .
 Yo , I 'm Chocolatedog ! Although JumpStart Animal Adventures is a very good game , it is lacking in several small ways . For example , there are two games , one in the forest and one under the sea , which are simple fighting games . Me and my sisters found these games very enjoyable , but , other then repersenting regeneration and the fighting habits of bucks and of crabs , it provided little educational value . Another downside is that once you take all the neccesary photos in a area , you can not return to that area . -LRB- The goal of the game is to take photos of animals that fit with the proper slots in the scrapbook , for example , ` Carnivore ' -RRB- . However , all educational games have setbacks , and this game is very fun and educational . It should probably be used for younger kids , as they would probably know less of the things taught .
 My daughters - five and six year old have really loved this CD . They play it everyday and have not yet got bored . I am very happy because they have picked up quite a lot of things about habitats and biomes . The catchy songs and the games that allow them into the world of animals in different biomes are very educational . They have not just educated the kids but their Mom -LRB- me -RRB- too !! The game has 3 levels - easy to hard and i dont think my girls are going to get bored of this one soon . I only wish the software also included deserts and the Asian continent to which we belong -LRB- we live in India -RRB- . However , given that i have not found anything as good and fun for the kids , i would highly recommend this product to all moms -LRB- Asian ones too ! -RRB-
 This is a great game that teaches kids not only about animals but how to maneuver around the keyboard . Hitting the '' ? '' will pictorially show kids which button to push for each game . I was amazed that by the second day my son was actively using the keyboard . Most preschool games focus on mouse skills only so this is a good next step game .
 This game was well received by my Granddaughter . She really likes animals and seemed to catch on very quickly . The games is very simple for her .
 Hello - we first exposed my son to JumpStart when he was 3 . Now he is almost 6 and the kid is incredibly knowledge and smart . I 'm not giving this game all the credit , but my son is a very visual learner and this definitely helped him learn a lot of English words and general things about animals and life . It was great cause it sparked him to ask questions and it was fun to watch him learn and grow . I highly recommend this to anyone .
 I purchased the animal game for my grand daughter for Christmas . She could not wait to get on the computer to play it . She was quickly learning the animals and something about them . I played with her at first just until she got the hang of how it worked . Now she is playing with it almost every day !
 This is a super video tool to help preschoolers learn about the animal world . My little 31/2 year old grandson loves it .
 I absolutely love this game . My daughter knows a lot about animals and their habitats because of this interactive game . I 've yet to find something else as well put together as this !
 My kids love this one . They learn about the great variety of the natural world in an entertaining way . My main problem with the JumpStart CDs is that you have to use the disc to run them rather than copying it onto the computer . With children being children this usually leads to scratched and damaged discs . I 've deducted 1 star for this .
 My practice sessions have improved dramatically since I started using this program three years ago . I only wish I had had it earlier . Any time I have had a question , the tech support was outstanding .
 The Park Enterprises Basketball Practice Planner program has helped me tremendously in preparing for practice sessions . I started using the program two years ago and have found that I can accomplish much more at each practice session because of the improved organization and selection of drills and other practice activities . This program is easy to use , and I believe it would be beneficial to any basketball coach in junior high , high school , or college .
 I am halfway through the CD 's and find them easy to listen to . Each section on a CD is broken up into management pieces and concepts are explained . The voice is clear and understandable . Now that I am getting into verb conjugations I may need to sit a listen and write a few things down , but up to now listening and practicing in the car on the way to work has been fine . My family is planning a trip to Germany this summer .
 So , you have to choose between modern Midi / Sequencing software and the landscape is strewn with heavy-weight contenders.What to do?If you are not going to need scoring features and are actually on a budget - and more importantly - do n't want to spend 2 months and 934 curses to try to learn a `` totally new concept in software '' , then Acoustica 's Mixcraft 4 is the EASY best choice.You know when you work with good musicians , they are good because they are `` musical '' . . not robotic ? Mixcraft is musical . It is chock-full of amazingly musical sample loops in dozens of styles . It has incredibly deep and satisfying virtual instruments . . tons of them . It handles VST instruments - free all over the web . It does midi real easy and records off of USB audio streams from a synth or USB audio digitizer . It has lots of internal effects too.You will literally be making killer songs the first night . They can be all yours , or all theirs . This package is exactly what the normal home musician needs . It replaces thousands of dollars worth of hardware . My 16 track Akai HD recorder is now totally superfluous . You will need at least a Dual-Core processor and 1GB ram . I am running it on my Acer Netbook and it actually still does just fine . With a better PC , you can layer Canyon-deep sounds . . and create beautiful music.Look at the price . It is a joke for what you receive . If I had ripped this software , I would have bought the downloaded version in two days.These guys have created a spot-on masterpiece and priced it as a bargain-basement deal.Get it . . and be making music . . not beating your head against some 300 page manual .
 Mixcraft is very easy to use , and it is so much fun . Very simple interface , MIDI , multiple tracks , effects , loops , etc. . This is the easiest program for beginners , in my opinion , and has such a full feature set that it is worth the money and then some . I would go with this over Ableton , Sony Acid , or any of the other programs , for beginners and moderate experienced users .
 Having just entered the world of music-making by MIDI early this year with another similar MIDI program , I now wish I would 've bought this one first . The other program has a MIDI sound library like this one and a mixer interface . Some of the other program 's sounds are great and some not so . So beings that Mixcraft is so inexpensive , I figured that if I only could get two or three other usable MIDI sounds it would be worth the $ 65.00 . Two or three usable sounds !!?? Man , did I underestimate !! There are TONS of realistic sounds in this program . More than I can think of using at the moment -LRB- but give me time -RRB- . The string ensemble sounds are deliciously realistic as are the solo strings . They got brass , woodwind and percussion of all kinds . Drum kits , acoustic and electric guitar sounds and to my surprise a very realistic 12 string acoustic guitar sound -LRB- which I used in a tune already -RRB- . The package came very plain and simple . So much so that I was a bit put off by that . No manuals or even a quick start guide . Just a CD disc in a DVD-type box , the kind DVD movies come in . As I was inserting the CD into my drive , I took notice on the playing surface that there was only maybe about 1/4 of the disc space taken up . The rest was empty space -LRB- my other program came on a DVD with a 400 page book -RRB- . When I saw the sparse use of space taken up on the disc surface I was again suspect . Then I installed the program , which was fast and effortless . I got my MIDI keyboard out and plugged it in and started playing around with the sounds in the library . That 's what knocked my socks off !!! This program might come in a small package , but it 's no lightweight in the least !! I spent hours just playing with the sounds and marveling at how awesomely real they sound !! And you do n't have to limit yourself to just the huge library of instruments . You can install and use any of the thousands of freebies out on the net to work with this program too.As far as the instructions are concerned , no need for a big book . Acoustica very cleverly put a series of video tutorials , as many as you could possibly need for this program , right on the disc . You choose to install Mixcraft or view the tutorials , which are excellent . Thoughtfully prepared and instructed by a gentleman who explains and demonstrates every step clearly , from sound card setup to using the MIDI instruments and loops , using effects and plugins to mixdown of the final product.Compared to some of the other programs on the market , Acoustica could easily ask more than $ 65.00 for this gem , but they do n't . After I registered it on the Acoustica website , seeing that the box version I installed was 4.2 and they recently upgraded to 4.5 , I was graciously invited by one of their three expert support gentlemen to download the upgrade at no additional price , which added more instruments such as Cletic instruments and more 80s analogue synths to my already huge arsenal . Acoustica 's support team is A + in every way . Forum support and email , and they get back to you in a timely manner . It is manned by three experts on the programs who are knowledgeable and courteous.So Acoustica Mixcraft might come in a small package , but it 's no wimp in any way . Also , I did n't mention that they offer you a 30 day fully functional trial period which you can download before you commit your $ $ $ , but I can assure you , you 'll have no problem committing your $ $ $ $ as this program as well as the company that manufactures it , is the absolute best value you can find !!!
 This product is nice . I use it for when I write songs with my guitar . Hook up a mic to it and start singing and recording . I ` ts very eazy to use if your computer savy . Recording come out clear and this program has alot of stuff to make your music a hit .
 Although I 'm fairly inexperienced when it comes to recording -LRB- I 've only been using Audacity and Sony Acid Xpress for about 2 years -RRB- , this software seems like an incredible deal for the price . I 've used it a bit since I purchased it a few weeks ago and I am very impressed . Definitely worth you money .
 I 'm upping my estimation of the product -LRB- from two stars for Mixcraft 4 , to four stars for the latest version -RRB- because even though the software is buggy -LRB- in my experience , what software is n't ? -RRB- , it 's got so much potential if you stick with it and accept its limitations -LRB- whatever they happen to be with your OS and computer capabilities -RRB- . There were two problems I experienced :1 . -RRB- Even after upgrading to Windows 7 and then Mixcraft 5 with all its cool new features , I still could not use Mixcraft 's piano roll editor -LRB- see original review , below -RRB- without eventually crashing , corrupting my entire file and wasting many hours . However , I 'd already invested so much money and effort into the software I decided to continue on with the usable features -LRB- which really ARE cool and user-friendly -RRB- .2 . -RRB- I had to buy a microphone other than the Logitech that made me sound like I was singing into a tin can , so I got aQ1U USB Dynamic Recording Mic . I will not go deeply into the enormous frustration I experienced trying to find the right combination of Mixcraft driver/latency/buffer preferences in order to prevent the popping/breaking/lagging I got when I tried to add vocals to my instrumentals with the Samson . Suffice it to say , I spent hours attempting just about everything Acoustica , Dell , Microsoft and Samson advised and it was still a no go . There are just too many things to take into consideration when using products not specifically made to work with each other , and I felt like only an expert in both computers and mixing software could possibly understand it . The conceptual learning curve , if you 're a novice like me , is steep . -LRB- I did come up with an acceptable work-around , the details of which are at whimsilly on blogger , as is the song I made , in case you 'd like to hear what a novice can do with this software and a little persistence ! -RRB- Despite the problems I experienced , I really enjoyed playing with all the loops , and my final product -LRB- the song -RRB- is more than satisfactory . If you are looking for software to create royalty-free background music for your project -LRB- that 's why I got it -RRB- , this is the product for you.Original review for Mixcraft version 4All of the rave reviews about Mixcraft are true . The product is easy to use and does a lot for the money . My OS was Vista 32-bit , however , and whenever I tried to use the instrument track to create a piano tune , my computer crashed . I contacted Mixcraft support and they were perfectly patient and tried to be helpful , but after weeks of back and forth with `` does it do this when you do this ? '' and `` try doing this and let us know what happens '' I started to feel like a beta-tester , and got highly frustrated at losing all of my musical creations as they became corrupt after each crash . Nothing solved the problem , so in desperation , I upgraded to Windows 7 . Now Mixcraft crashes at random . I would rate it much higher if not for the fact that the software obviously is n't fully compatible with Vista or W7 .
 Out of all the programs I have used over the past ten years for ease of use and veriety of intraments and loops , at the price they are asking . This program out shines them all . I am blown away with what this program has to offer . I am currently using pro-tools 8 and I paid $ 299.00 for it . this offers just as much at a fraction of the cost . And you can almost operate it blind folded with both hands tied behind your back . It 's just that simple ... Increadible . !!!!!!!!
 I 'm speechless . I ca n't believe software this powerful is this easy to use . Loops , VSTi , VSTs , actual audio from mics or guitars , all in clear digital . I 'm so glad I found out about this software before wasting hours learning Sonar Producer ... Mixcraft has EVERYTHING I need to record full demos and original songs . Once more people know about this software , I can see it grabbing some serious market share .
 I 've tried 2 other recording softwares before finding this one.The others had a wicked steep learning curves.I doubt that anyone makes better recording software @ any price!I am running windows vista .
 Very easy to learn and use . I was able to get great results straight away . For the price it beats the more expensive software packages hands down . If I was professional I might consider the expensive ones , but for the home musician this is perfect .
 I got everything fine . Came really quick ! They sent me Mixcraft 3 though . Still not bad
 The product arrived in excellent condition and in a timely manner and served it 's purpose well .
 Mixcraft is a great multitrack recording and editing software . I have several different ones , and I just use Mixcraft , and have written and recorded several original songs that I listen to over and over despite having little musical ability . It 's just great.Beatcraft is basically worthless in my book , and I 'd rather use EZdrummer or pull in canned drum loops.My 2 cents
 I have had so much fun with this software since I got it . It was really easy for me to learn how to use it , it was my first time with any type of music creating/editing software & I was recording from day one . The virtual instruments included sound really good , better than you would find on most keyboards . I play guitar and bass & the sound of the recorded instruments comes out sounding awesome when I burn it on a cd . Beatcraft was easy to learn how to use , it was harder at first just because I 'm not a drummer & I was n't sure how to create a good beat . But I am starting to get the hang of it , it was really an issue with my lack of rythm and not with the software . At first there was some latency with the guitar when I would play it , I had to download ASIO driver for my soundcard AND use headphones when I record . If I use speakers , the latency comes back . This is not a big deal , I do n't mind using the headphones . There are some bugs in the software , it locks up sometimes or wo n't close out . I also ca n't run Beatcraft and Mixcraft at the same time . I have to put the drums together first in Beatcraft , close it out , and then import it into Mixcraft . If I try running them at the same time Beatcraft will just stop working . This is a little annoying , but not too bad . I can deal with it , I guess there 's really no reason to run them together , it just bugs me that I ca n't . I have n't ever lost a project or anything , Mixcraft usually locks up when I try to close it . Overall , I am very happy with this bundle ! I did a lot of research before I bought it , I tried to find the best software for the least amount of money . I think I made a good choice , even with the bugs I do n't regret it for a second .
 This program is a great scouting tool . I have found that it strikes a nice balance between having ` not enough ' and ` too much ' data . It is easy to use . Data entry is menu-drive , just click , click , click . You can use your own terminology plus there is lots of flexibilty built into the program as well . If you are looking for a nice , simple scouting program that gives you all the information you need but does n't snow you under with paper , this is probably the one for you .
 I love Thinkin Things , and so does my neighbor 's autistic son . He has been playing it for years , since my children outgrew it . When my grandson came along , I asked to have my copy back and every time I went to the neighbor 's house , I heard `` Thinkin ' Things One ! '' So I bought another copy for him for Christmas . He is now very happy and so am I because my 3 year old grandson likes it too !
 The Thinking Things series has been around for long time . If my friends have young kids or grandchildren , I recommend or buy a copy for them . The activities are entertaining and require the child to listen to verbal or written descriptions to pick the creature or to remember and repeat a sequence of instruments playing . Lots of flexibility in learning styles -LRB- Universal Design for Learning . TT 2 and 3 are equally as cute and fun .
 This program works unbelievably well . I use it in conjunction with the Park Enterprises Football Statistics program and they are an unbeatable combination . Both programs save a lot of time and work , and technical support is always available if needed .
 My statistician loves this program -LRB- espeicially if it is raining -RRB- because he gets to sit in the press box and use his computer to take the stats during the game . We get all the standard stats for both teams both at the half as well as after the game which is great the coaches and also for the PA announcer and the media . After the game we can export the Press Box Stats game file into another Park Enterprises program which we use , `` Football Statistics '' . This export feature saves lots if time and effort . The file goes into the `` Football Statistics '' program as the next game on our schedule . `` Press Box Stats '' is easy to use . As the play unfolds , the needed roster or question pops up onto the screen as necessary . You just click on what you need . Fixing mistakes is pretty easy too . All and all , this software has been an excellent addition to our football program . We also use the `` Football Offense Analyzer '' from Park Enterprises too . Good products all .
 After using the Park Enterprises Basketball Statistics program for several years , I ordered the Career Stats for Basketball program . It has been invaluable because I am able to immediately provide any statistical information a college coach might be interested in , whether it be per game , per year , or per career.Career Stats for Basketball is a program which is simple to use and it is great to be able to automatically calculate all percentages and averages covering any range of seasons . Also , anytime I have had a question regarding any of the stats , competent technical support was immediately available .
 I found the Basketball Courtside Stats program to be amazing . My husband is a girls ' basketball coach , and I am his statistician . Even though my computer knowledge is very limited , after realizing three years ago that I could use the Park Enterprises Basketball Statistics program with no problems , I then ordered the Courtside Stats program . It has turned out to be a great companion program because I can use it to keep up with stats with ease during the game , and I can show my husband the stats of an individual player or of the whole team at any point during -LRB- or immediately after -RRB- the game . He says having the program-generated shot charts during half-time especially helps him in planning and explaining second half strategy.Afterwards , I can export the stats for that game into the Basketball Statistics program without any re-typing . -LRB- When I originally had a question about exporting the files , I received immediate easy-to-understand tech support . -RRB- BASKETBALL COURTSIDE STATS and BASKETBALL STATISTICS are two programs that make the job of team statistician an easy and enjoyable one !
 I have this training program for last one yr.This is very helpful in chess practice.There are 5 programs incorporated in one CD.These five programs are encyclopedia of Middlegame 2 , Chess tactics for intermediate players , Mate studies and two endgame programs.There are enough teaching materials in each of them to study.Like chess base programs there is an chess playing engine -LRB- crafty -RRB- and it is it is very strong . So if you do not find a move in a particular exercise compatible with your chess knowledge the engine can help in solving the problem.The other chess program CT art 3.0 is extremely popular and helpful.I purchased it separately.And prolonged practice of chess tactical exercises on a regular basis I have increased my ELO rating in tactics up to 2450 -LRB- quite high -RRB- use To practice for certain benefits and improvement you should go through all the examples repeatedly at least 7 times.This is explained by Michael de La Maza in his excellent book Rapid chess improvement -LRB- sic -RRB- . There is rating and percent success in the program which will keep a track how your improvement is going on.Still the price is quite high because there are so many finely built chess programs to have.If one costs $ 90 then there is less likely to purchase the other Total chess training program . There are 5 programsin this CD prepared by best of the russian chess masters.And one last piece of advise these are not for beginners so beginners must first learn other programs or books to an intermediate standard then proceed.Best of luck .
 This game is so very fun . When I got this game , I could n't stop playing it . The only way I got off was when my mom made me.Here are the Pros :1 . The graphics are TIGHT ! 2 . You can play for Slytherin , Hufflepuff , and Ravenclaw too .3 . I love the special moves .4 . The international stadiums are amazing .5 . You get to play as chasers and beaters too.Here are the cons :1 . YOU CA N'T PLAY AS IRELAND .2 . GAMEPLAY IS TOO EASY.Other than that , the game is amazing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is really fun and has good 3-D appearances , but sometimes when you are flying it sort of goes out of control . For example , you 're flying up the field and you 're aiming for the goal hoop opposite the keeper and you 're about to shoot the quaffle through the hoop when you 're player suddenly passes the quaffle towards the other team and the other team catches it without you controlling the pass . It just does it by itself . It can make you lose a game easily and instantly .
 The game got to be too easy after a while , also , does n't work as well with newer computers . Fought a lot with my 2 year old laptop to get this game running . It is fun though to try out if you are a Harry Potter fan , but you will get bored with it pretty quickly .
 I was n't sure this would work on a newer computer but we had no problems . It was one of my 10 yr old son 's favorite new games this Xmas .
 This game is one of those expensive-and-for-kids-only games that you find lurking near by here . I find Harry Potter Quidditch World Cup okay just not amazingly fun . I 'd play it from time to time but playing it often ... not a chance ! I 'm suggesting noncritical Harry Potter fans to play this rather than deep-down lovers of Quidditch that 'll overcriticize the whole scenario . FYI
 QWC is the only Harry Potter game that you do n't have to worry about the story . It is only Quidditch . I think that World Cup is frusterating , but Hogwarts is extremly fun . Some of the special moves are really creative . There is a lot of stuff that you have to work hard to get . However , the quidditch cards can be annoying .
 this game i recieved today and its the best game ever please dont listen to that rat that was talking bad about it he should read the package that says 5 + well any ways you can be a seeker , chaser , keeper , or beater . I tryed all of them and i ca n't deside wich one ... i recomend this game to all harry potter fans 5 + !!!!!!!! Its so cool I played it for hours with out stoping !!!
 This game is much fun to play . I like how they : * let you choose what team you want to be on * the settings for it vary which is nice also * it is somewhat challenging when you first start to play itBUT ... THERE IS ONE BAD THING -LRB- I am sorry to admit -RRB- . The game goes on forever and ever . I played until my team scored 999 points and I kept scoring but not getting any higher than that . You have to be in equal opposition to win the game and since I was getting all the points , it was n't ending . In the end , you just kind of give up on it . This game IS GOOD , but it could be better .
 I was so excited when this game came out because I thought it will be very fun just like how quiddich should be but after I tired it at home it was just okay to me . I do n't know about you but I am a huge HP fan so I do n't know why this game was n't so appealing to me as I thought it would be . I like the graphics and stuff in this game but if I were you , I would rather buy the Harry Potter 1 , 2 or 3 computer game instead of this one . I mean , they have quiddich in them too just not so much like this one . It really irrates your eyes when you stare at the screen for so long chasing the snitch.It 's a good game but could been better .
 Controls
 Ok first im a official reviewer for a belgium games magazine so i know what im talking about.The game itself is very good i dont know what that one star reviewer was talking about unless he bought the game for GBA.This game covers all the aspects of Quidditch . The gameplay is easy once you get the hang of it . The graphical is fine and in full 3-D -LRB- exept the backgrounds but you wo n't focus yourself on that , trust me . -RRB- Sound is also very good it gives you the impression you are eally flying a broom . Financial this game is rather cheap for its qualyity . Oh , and for some people The +5 is just the ESRB rating wich indicates , in this matter , that the game is suited for kids . overal i give this game 5 start and my magazine 10/10 . Hope this was helpfull .
 The game just came today and I am having a ball playing it . It is so much fun . You get to play in all the quidditch positions and the graphics are just excellent . It 's almost like really being on a broom stick .
 You start off picking one of the four houses . You can easily switch from house to house though . Your goal is to complete practice challenges that will help you build skills to become a real tough competitor . I gained these skills and won the house cup with Ravenclaw and then with Hufflepuff.After you win the cup , you can pick an International team to play against other countries . Most matches are about 30 minutes long , although I just played a two and a half hour match against England and won by over 1500 points . I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants a real challenge.The key to doing well in this game , is to complete as many practice challenges as possible . Doing this will unlock more skills , games , special arenas , and better brooms.This game introduces many popular characters from the books -LRB- Luto Bagman , Viktor Krumm , and several others found in `` Quidditch Through the Ages '' or the first 5 books -RRB- .
 First of all , this game is great -LRB- as the title of my reveiw implys -RRB- for both fans of the Harry Potter book/movie/video game series and sports fans alike . Good things first -- ... this is an abselutely great game with 14 beautiful environments . These places are the national Quidditch Stadiums -LRB- which include , but are not limited to , France , Germany , Bulgaria , England , the USA , Japan and Australia -RRB- the Hogwarts stadium , and Queerditch Marsh -LRB- the birthplace of Quidditch , for those of you did n't know -RRB- . The plot of the game is suprisingly clever for a sports simulation-game ; you start off at Hogwarts as one of the four Hogwarts Houses where you promptly learn how to play under the guise of `` Quidditch Training . '' -LRB- By the way , do not be put of by the first chaser 's challenge , it is one of the hardest in my opinion and I have abselutely no idea why EA Games chose to put it first -RRB- . After you complete your training -LRB- but do n't feel put off if you do n't pass all of them , you 'll do fine in a game as long as you have a basic understading of the different positions and how to play them -RRB- you can go on to playing games against the other houses , and I do n't men those `` only Seeker '' games like in the other Harry Potter games , in this you play as all the players , with the exeption of the Keeper . If you winn at least one game against every house and/or manage to keep your point total up you could win the Hogwarts Quidditch Cup and , in addition , tickets to all of the games in the World Cup where you promptly go on to choose a team to support -LRB- play as -RRB- all through the World Cup.Let me tell you , the graphics are incredible ! The charecters , the Stadiums -LRB- Queerditch in particular . -RRB- I just ca n't put their greatness into words!It is amazing how `` right '' the game has it . Even the names of the Hogwarts Quidditch players are correct , as are the rules of Quidditch and the way it is played.All right now the Cons -- 1 . You ca n't play as Ireland and they won the Cup in Harry potter and the Goblet of Fire ! 2 . There is no way to change the difficulty , and after a while I started to want a harder game .3 . I thought that it would be kind of cool to see the evolution of Quidditch , from Chasers only on up . Needless to say , the game does not include this.But dispite the cons , this game is pure fun in a pretty package , with it biased and hillariuos comentating , great gameplay and amazing graphics.See you next time!P.S I forgot to mention , I do not recomend this game for children under 8 or 9 years old for the games can be confusing and needlessle frusterating for these young and blooming gamers .
 I like the Harry Potter book and film series , but the video games have always been lacking something , and QWC is no exception . Of course , I 'm 24 and these games are made more for kids.Straight off , game play is VERY easy . There is no difficulty setting . You do n't have altitude control ; the game assumes this for you , and makes it fairly easy to maneuver about the field.It 's also very detailed with the characters . I 'm not sure JK Rowling has detailed team rosters written up or not , but I recognize a lot of names from the books . I do n't think they come right out and say it , but you 're playing Second Year students ; Draco Malfoy is the Slytherin seeker , and he did n't get that position until `` Chamber of Secrets . `` I 've noticed that there are some Potter fans who do n't like Harry and his friends ; this game cleverly caters to these fans as well . You do n't have to be Gryffindor ; you can be Slytherin , or my favorite , Ravenclaw . When I played Gryffindor , I beat them 500 to nothing -LRB- again , attributing to how easy this game is -RRB- and Harry walked away disappointed.The biggest problem I have with this game is the skill level . It 's so easy , a 5 year old could play it . However , rather than adapt to your skill or offer a better difficulty , the game `` cheats '' at times to catch up . You 'll be playing and all of a sudden it will cut to a cinematic , where the other team will pull off a fancy score . They 're fun to watch the first and sometimes second times , but after that they 're a drag , and you ca n't skip them . There 's also a few other nasty tricks the computer-controlled team can pull on you , but if you have some skill , you can still win every time.I disagree with other reviewers ' assessments of EA Games . They 're a very well known publisher , but I have had really odd problems in the past I wo n't go into here . When I play a game from EA , I expect problems . One issue I had was in the Japanese field . Sometimes the Chasers would fly through the buildings on the side ; other times , the Chaser could get `` stuck '' on one side.The Golden Snitch aspect of this game is rather funny . You do n't get a run as the Seeker until the Snitch is `` spotted , '' which does n't happen until so many points are made . Each team 's score counter has a bar with half the Snitch , and as the other team scores , your bar increases . When the two halves meet , the Snitch enters the game , and you take over as the Seeker . The computer controlled Seeker has about 8 times more `` turbo '' than you do , but that just means yours refills faster ! Refill turbo by staying in the Snitch 's slipstream . I catch it every time ... -LRB- Also , for some reason , they call it the Snidditch , though it 's clearly Snitch in the books . -RRB- Despite this game 's quirkiness and strange difficulty , I 'd recommend it to anyone looking for a fun game . If you 're a parent , there are a few things that make this game appealing , for example , at the end of the match , it shows members of opposite teams congratulating one another . -LRB- The Seeker never shows good sportsmanship , however . -RRB-
 This is a really great game ! It is way more exciting than the Chamber of Secrets and Sorcerer 's Stone games . It 's really fun and easy to control . The best part is that you can play on teams of different countries . Also you get to see characters from the fourth book like Ludo Bagman and Viktor Krumm . Its also fun that you can play all the posistions and can use different broomsticks metioned in the books . You can explore the sport better through tricks and special moves . Also its fun to collect the Quidditch cards ! This game is really good and I would reccomend buying it definitely!Hope ma review was helpful !
 This game was amazing . Now , I have had little to no experience with the computer games of today , so I may be unexperienced with the standards of today , but this was quite possibly one of the best , if not the best , computer games I have ever played.The graphics were amazing , just look at all those beautiful World Cup stadiums - so much glamour . Everything zooms past in a beautiful way , the graphics are never wasted.The gameplay is simple , I sometimes find myself paying no attention to what 's going on but watching the screen and pressing the keys like a robot.The controls are amazingly simple , even if you do n't have a NumPad . I have a laptop , with no NumPad , and I had to turn on NumLock to acquire one , and had to move my fingers around the keyboard , which was quite fun for someone who enjoys typing like me.In my Num-Padded state , my NumPad controls were 7 -LRB- Combo Left -RRB- , 9 -LRB- Combo Right -RRB- , and U -LRB- Bludger Attack -RRB- . Combined with the arrow keys and the mouse that 's about a foot underneath my laptop , it gave quite a lot of fun zooming my hands around.If you have a laptop and are a poor typist , this may not be the game for you . But if you are amazing with a keyboard , go ahead and buy this.One regret of mine was that the World Cup droned on for 18 matches , and because you ca n't save during it then come back , you must do them all in one sitting.So get up early in the day to do the World Cup matches , and do them with your wonderful typing skills.The game itself was lovely . Everything was excellent and flawless , the gameplay was extremely smooth and simple to learn , the tutorials were quite entertaining , and the team uniforms were quite lovely.I suppose this concludes my review . Buy this game , especially if you have a NumPad .
 The good part of Harry Potter
 This game is absoloutly amazing ! - I 'm a big Harry Potter fan , and when I first saw the game Qudditch was coming out and it was EA Games that was making it , I thought that nothing else could be compared to this ! . Well , in some point I was right and some wrong ... - it 's a little bit too easy ... I have only unlocked the 2001 Broom -LRB- I do n't know if it has anything to do if the computer plays better ?? -RRB- It is really realistic ! - Loads of the people you know from the books are in it and it 's great fun , with the commentaries , blugders , special moves and more ! ... Although , a match will take some time !
 I was n't very enthusiastic about this game , but when I got it for my birthday , I thought `` What the heck , I 'll play . '' It was a wee bit more than I reckoned for . In previous Harry Potter quidditch matches , you can only play as the seeker and it take a very long time doing nothing for anything to happen . Not here . You can play as chasers , beaters -LRB- Sort of -RRB- and seekers . The teams are fun , but Hogwarts is a bit easy and World Cup can get dull after the tenth match . This game could be better . For instance , you could control your keeper when the chasers are coming , since 99 % of the time the keeper does n't get there in time . You could also play as a beater and hit the bludgers continously , instead of this weird throwing stuff . The crowds look rather 2D and the environments -LRB- Especially US & England -RRB- get REALLY dull after a while . It would be cool if you could customize your pitches , plays and teams and have the teams have names -LRB- In quidditch through the ages , it talks about all kinds of teams . The Moosejaw meteors , the Montrose magpies , the Chuldy cannons , where are they ? -RRB- . Oh yes , I forgot something . This game ROCKS ! It 's extremly addicting , the controls are n't impossible to manage and the commentary is rather funny . The music is n't John Williams , but it 's decent enough and the challenges are fun . A very good game , but can get dull after about the five-hundreth round .
 Harry Potter Quidditch World Cup has great animations . You can play as Griffindor , Hufflepuff , Slytherin , Ravenclaw , and Japan , Geneology , Hoodlums , Boxers , ect . It is crap
 This game could have a lot of potential , I know very little about it but I do know that it will be a sports game all about quidditch , you can play at Hogwarts on one of the house teams but you can also play in the Quidditch world cup . Also , you can play any position on the team . In earlier Harry Potter games , the quiditch was not very fun , you could only be seeker and you would just fly through hoops until you got the oppurtunity to catch the snitch . I hope that EA will not turn this idea that has huge potential into a big hunk of poo .
 This program is AWESOME . It does everything . Seeding , brackets , bout cards , match scoring , team scores , you name it , this program will do it , mostly automatically . Plus it 's very easy to learn and use . You ca n't go wrong here .
 My daughter is very pleased - she loves animals and therefore loves this game .
 I have used the Park Enterprises `` Track Meet Orgainizer '' on several ocassions and have found it to be a wonderful aid in setting up a track meet . Input is easy . In fact it is possible to have your guests email their entries to you which can then be merged into the file without addition typing on your part . This feature works great . A race or field event can be set up in just about any way you want it as there is a variety of choices for each event . Prelimes or finals vs time comparison . Choice of preferred lane assignments . Fastest heat first or last . Lots of choices . The tech support was excellent as well as we had a question on the emailing of entries thing and it was answered immediately by a qualified individual . All in all , you ca n't beat this program for the price .
 I 've used Corel products for decades now . Beginning in college , I found Corel much easier to use than anything else . The programs are useful for beginners and professionals alike . Later , I relied on Corel Paint Shop to use in art , illustration and even self-made comics . This version is by far my favorite and still very user friendly .
 I have used the Park Enterprises Track Meet Scorer and have found it to be very simple to use and that it does a very good job of running a track & field meet . First of all , if you set your track meet up using the Park Enterprises companion program , Track Meet Organizer , you can import everything from that program into the Scorer . You can import the list of schools , each school 's roster , the list of events to be held , and each school 's entries in each event . If you do not own the organizer , then this information must be keyed in and this is made as easy as possible . Once the program has the data , all the user needs to do is click the entrants into their finishing position . The program does the rest . You can get print outs of any event results at any time which we found ideal for our meet announcer . At the close of the meet , you get a nice , neat print out of the team scoring and the results of all the events . For the price , this is an exceptional value and I would highly recommend it to everyone .
 My son loves this game and develops his math , matching and deductive skills while he plays . I have recommended this DVD to other mothers .
 Your children will learn basic logic skills and they wo n't even know it . As they play the games , they will learn to recognize increasingly complex patterns , categorize on the basis of various attributes , and even some rudimentary test taking skills , as they have to figure out what attributes the computer game is looking for -LRB- this is not the same every time you play -RRB- . There is more than enough variety to keep the play interesting for a long time.This does NOT work well on Windows XP , almost no good children 's computer games do . We already owned this game and knew it worked and worked well when we upgraded to XP and discovered what a mess it was to try to use it with our kids ' games . We finally picked up an old windows 98 at a library sale just for the children 's games .
 I purchased this game for my six-year old daughter thinking it might be too hard . It is and it is n't . She could n't do it on her own , but it is good fun for her and her parents . I think she is picking-up new skills and it is interesting for us to work out the problems with her . It runs okay on Mac OS X . The video at the start is jumpy , but there have n't been other problems .
 My five-year old son has enjoyed playing this game with me ; I imagine that when he gets older he will enjoy playing it on his own as well .
 I got this for my 8yr old son , he loves it . he said its a little bit hard but would play all day if i let him . There are printables that he likes . I have Vista so i had to install with compatibility wizard .
 The game arrived in a timely manner . The overall game itself is a little complicated but otherwise fun .
 It 's fun , but it gives you practice in logical thinking skills . You create your own Zoombini characters and then go on a journey to Zoombini Island . You can choose different paths to get there . Along the way , you face different sorting-type challenges . At each point along the way , you have to figure out what characteristic the sorting `` creature '' likes . If you pass one level enough times , you move up to the next , and harder , level . You should buy this game!by Elana , age 8
 This Product is very fun to play and cost very little . I think after ordering we recieved at our door within 4 days so it was very quick shipping .
 I have fond memories of my son playing this , but I could ' t get it to work on my XP computer initially . A review from Gah Dan It called `` How To Run Zoombinis on Windows XP '' had the information I needed , so I 've now been able to feed the pizza troll once again !
 I am now 23 , and I got this game when I was 11 or 12 . My brother and I were obsessed ! We played it for years and years . In fact I would still be playing it now if I could get it to work on my updated computer.It 's a great fun game with lots of puzzles and mini games.I would reccommend it to kids and adults alike .
 The kids played this game when they were younger and loved it ! Now that they are older they got to thinking about it and wanted to play again so we tracked it down and they are having fun remembering the things they tried to do to trick the bad guys ... . It is easier for them now that they are older , they use their brain more to do the stuff instead of just going with anything .
 Just got this , and did n't know that my daughter would be thrilled to see it when I gave it to her . She absolutely loves Zoombinis ... apparently used it at school . I purchased it simply based on positive reviews ... this is a winner !
 We play many adult and child board and online games and I am not aware of a game that is more mentally stimulating while being pretty fun for a child . My daughter has been playing this since she turned 4 and continues to ask for this series two years later . I am not sure that one needs to have all of the games from the series , since many of the puzzles are based on the same type of logic , but I feel that every child should own a copy of one . Since the puzzles offer four levels of difficulty , most of them would be challenging for the average adult . The great replay value will help boost a child 's analytical skills to a point that many of their school tasks become trivial .
 This is a journey that makes you think . It 's really addictive for all ages . Try it you 'll love it .
 This is a great computer game , with lots of puzzles to solve , in increasing difficulties . Unfortunately , it only works on my friend 's computer and not on mine , even though we are both running Windows XP .
 This is a great game ! No parent should be worried about letting their child play this fun , memorable , captivating , and challenging game . Children will learn logic skills without even realizing it , as they direct the adorable zoombinis through a peril-fraught land to their new home . This is not one of those games that is so obvious that parents will be bored before they even open the box . A parent might actually enjoy helping their child understand how to play the early levels . The game gradually gets harder with each mastered section , and parents may find they are having to think twice at the higher levels !
 This is a very good computer game . It is very hard , but fun !
 I brought this item for my grandchildren ages 4 and 6 they enjoy it and I might buy others
 In this game , you have to rescue Zoombinis . You meet different challenges such as getting past a hungry monster . When you reach a cupboard , put your party in , then get a new party .
 I ' v only played this twice at school and I luv it!I keep trying to get every possible chance to play it and now I 've decided to save my money to buy it myself.Alot of other kids in my class play this and you should too!I highly recomend this game !
 I honestly think this game made Algebra come easier for me . It is a really fun little toy . You take a party of sixteen zoombinis , each of which have different eyes , hair , feet , and noses . -LRB- You choose how they look -RRB- Then , based on physical appearances -LRB- generally -RRB- you have to get them through obstacles . For instance a certain `` monster '' only lets zoombinis with red noses pass . There are also games where you have to use deduction . It helps build skills really well AND its fun . This is a really excellent choice for a computer game , probably for ages eight and up -LRB- I 'm 14 and I still play it -RRB- .
 When I first played this game ... it was a blast ! makingzoombinis , a map , great challenges , oh , I could play it forever ! -LSB- But to note that the game is hard and it is bad to rush because it is more of a challenge itself than a play , play , play game . -RSB-
 I think it is so good because the adventures are fun and I learned a lot ! This is the only game that my dad would let me play for hours without kicking me off his computer . I enjoy the game not just because of the cute looking Zoombinis but also how it forces me to focus and think , to observe and figure out the patterns . The most enjoyable psrt of the game is to make pizza for Arnold and Willa .
 For a patient child , my eight year old stayed on this game for several hours . It teaches math and logic skills without the child feeling like they are being taught . The game offers rewards along the way for acheiving partial steps and allows creative play for each adventure . It also allows for partnering during the game as we played together to solve the puzzles . Not a heavy handed teaching program .
 I was really sad . my favorite PC game , petz 4 was n't working rightIt was broke.when i visted my cousin in New York he wanted to cheer me up . he showed me Zoombinis , a cool new PC game and I LOVED it ! ZOOMBINIS RULE !!!!!!! p.s. i got my own Zoombini game !
 I 'm 30 years old and had never even heard of this game . Guess I missed the boat on this one . My friend got it for me as a gift since she adored it when she was younger . I absolutely love it ! It 's designed for kids but it 's definitely a game that all ages can play and be entertained by . It 's designed really well for a game of this age ; the program adapts itself to you , changing difficulty levels based on what you 're capable of . It 's a lot of fun , and I have n't wanted to stop playing . It 's cute and silly , but also surprisingly challenging!Just be aware that despite the fact the manufacturer says that it will run on XP , it wo n't unless you follow some simple steps to adjust the compatibility to fit your computer . There are tricks that people have posted , and a popular one within these comments is to use the Program Compatibility Wizard . Do n't do that ; people are having problems with it . All you have to do is to follow the steps that the incredibly helpful Gah Dan It posted in these comments . I was so happy to get the program to run at last ! You can scroll down to find his comment , but you can also copy and paste the link
 Having troubles in installing to window XP ? Thanks for the following two reviews , they help me successfully install it to mine .1 . Can work with Win XP , just requires workarounds , January 15 , 2010 , By J A Cook2 . Requires Compatability Wizard to Run Under Windows XP -LRB- Written for Windows 95 -RRB- , February 15 , 2009 , BY PentagronGood luck . And a millions thanks to them .
 This game really makes kids think . It builds logical reasoning skills and they absolutely love it . My 5 and 8 year olds have a blast playing . The game adjusts for skill level . I 'm sure it would still be fun for older kids as well . Kids have to rescue the Zoombinis by helping them relocate to a new land . On their journey kids are met with obstacles , each with perameters , for kids to navigate . For example , figuring out which toppings the pizza troll wants on his pizza from a number of choices . Listening to his response gives the clues to help them figure it out and it changes each time.My only 2 gripes are that you have to change your color setting on your computer and that there is very little explanation initially . But the kids usually figure it all out anyway . I definatly recommend this game .
 Hi , my name is Manuel , I am 6 years old and I like Zoombinis a lot because of all the adventures they go through to pass activities and discover new lands . I also like them because the stories are very exciting.Hi , I am Naima -LRB- Manuel 's sister -RRB- , I am 7 years old and I also love Zoombinis because there is a lot of fun and action . Zoombinis are very colorful , the stories are short but nice , and the game is very challenging .
 I bought this software solely on the reviews from this sight , and am I ever glad I did ! Both my 4 and 6 year old can play this game for hours ! When I first tried it , I though it would be way to hard for my 4 year old ... but she surprised me . This game is fun and encourages logical thinking . I would highly recommend it for any child , regardless of age .
 When I was in 3rd or 4th grade some kids in my school got a chance to help make a computer game with a big computer game company . Turns out that they got to help name the Zoombinis in the Logical Journey of the Zoombinis . When they finished the game , everyone in the school got a copy.I loved it ! From the day I got it until I had to give away my Macintosh computer when I moved to New York , I played it constantly . It is so much fun , even though it is all about math and is very educational.I am so excited for Logical Journey of the Zoombinis to actually come out as a computer game , so I can buy it and play it on my PC . Everyone who has a kid or is a kid or was once a kid should buy this game !
 Zoombini 's Logical Journey * Grades 3-7 * MathematicsCOMMENTS : There is no time pressure as in many games , player must think mathematically and use logic skills to problem-solve , arcade type game that teaches classification skills , problem solving skills used as obstacles are encountered , not a typical math program with numbers and arithmetic operations . Instead , the player develops skills working with attributes , patterns , groupings , sorting , comparisons , and problem solving while helping these unusual characters succeed in life.CLASSROOM CONNECTION : Logical Journey is an exceptionally well-designed program that will clearly develop math thinking skills . It is challenging , visually captivating , and should hold a student 's attention and interest . It is beneficial if someone is available to explain how each obstacle can be overcome as students/children use the program . Logical Journey is also a good program for small groups and independent use in a classroom setting . It should be used to introduce and practice critical thinking and logical reasoning skills .
 This is wonderful product for teaching children deductive reasoning skills . It 's even fun for grown ups . Each journey begins with 16 Zoombinis who must survive treacherous traps , overcome obstacles and solve problems of increasing difficulty . The only caveat is that all 16 Zoombinis must survive each step so if a child has completed many levels and spent over an hour on the game and then lose a Zoombini , they have to start all over . This caused me to give 4 stars instead of 5 . Overall , a good investment .
 This game is the BEST ! When i was in sixth grade , my teacher played it with the class for about 20 min . Ever since i have been searching for it . This is the best ! It doesnt seem like your doing math or anything like that at all , no matter what they say . BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this for my 5 year old that just turned 6 last week . She has played it a lot and enjoys the way she can make the Zoombinis look anyway she likes . She caught on very quickly on how to play most of the journeys . Some journeys are harder than others so she asks for help with those but then once she understands it she has no problem .
 Zoombinis Logical Journey is great my son & I love to play it over and over.Zoombinis Mt. Rescue is great too . Very similar to ZLJ.Zoombinis Island Odyssey is OK . Definitely not as creative or challenging as the first two .
 If you 're looking for a great educational game , the Logical Journey of the Zoombinis would be it . With different levels of puzzles that involve patterns and use lots of logic , there 's no way you ca n't learn something . And there 's also no way you ca n't have fun . The only drawback is that it is very addictive , but what great things are n't ? If you 're thinking about buying this game , do n't even hesitate , because it will be well worth your money .
 This game is the perfect combination of logic and mathematics to keep you playing for hours ! Create them , lead them and love them !
 Length :
 I have been playing this game for about six years , and am still not tired of it ! The puzzles are extremely fun and addicting , but logic is very cleverly squeezed in . Although the math comes without numbers , it still teaches kids a lot while they think that they 're playing a game just for fun . There are twelve levels , each with four difficulty levels . Every three times a group of sixteen Zoombinis gets through a set of puzzles without losing any Zoombinis , the set of puzzles gets harder . Every time you complete a set of three puzzles perfectly for the first time , a building in Zoombiniville is dedicated to the group of Zoombinis . -LRB- THIS IS NOT A SPOILER , JUST A HELPFUL STRATEGY
 I bought this for my son when he was in third grade . We loved it . We each , the three of us , had our own game saved . It taught how to think logically and the process of elimination . As you got more Zoombinis off Zoombini Isle and to safety , the challenges got harder . The big problem with this is that computers got too powerful . I need to use the oldest laptop I have to play the game . My new laptop and desktop are incompatible . This saddens me because I loved the game .
 This game really makes you think . It is a bit of a challenge though , however my son loves it . The characters and story line are pretty neat . It did not take long for my son to catch on .
 Great game for my students and they always love it ! My own children played Zoombinis years ago and its value is still evident today . Sorting , testing , puzzle solving -- all skills kids need to learn .
 One of my granddaughters started Zoombinis Logical Journey , nine years ago when she was nine . However , she played it off and on as there were other challenging games when she came to visit . Also , it takes awhile to move 630 -LRB- I believe -RRB- little guys when one can only move them 16 at a time , sometimes losting a few.At first I helped her but as time progressed , though they got harder -LRB- especially the bubble site -RRB- she had the ability to figure things out . -LRB- Her having done Putt Putt , Freddy the Fish and Pajama Sam at an earlier age ... gave her the ability to analyze puzzles and challenges -RRB- She told me the other day when she finally completed the game that there was no way , as the puzzles became harder , that she thought she would `` get her guys safely through the `` bubble site '' at the age of nine , without help.However , though she enjoyed the challenge she thought that when she had moved all the zoombinis and built their town there would be more spectacular fireworks and even a congratulatory sign upon completion . Nothing . It ended the same as whenever she brought more zoombinins to the promised land . That was the only disappointment ... in the finish . However , she had to finish as she 's leaving for U.C. Davis soon . I do think this game helped her perservere and probably helped her get into a top notch college . Thank you Chris and Scot
 We originally bought Zoombini 's -LRB- v1 -RRB- years ago and installed it on a Windows 95 PC ... the kids loved it . Recently they were talking about it and remembering how fun it was and asked if they could play it again . Well , we 'd long since graduated from Windows 95 and are there are a mix of Windows XP and 7 PC 's in the house . I tried to install the Zoombini 's v1 disc with no success , so bought the v2 ... which installed on our XP PC with absolutely no problem and the kids are back saving the Zoombini 's -LRB- even though they 're now teenagers they 're still having a blast palying the game -RRB- . I have n't tried to install it on one of our Windows 7 -LRB- some Home , some Professional -RRB- PC 's but by the looks of some prior reviews it is possible , so we will follow the previous reviewer 's `` recipe '' and see if a Win7 install works as well . As far as Zoombini 's goes , it is a fantastic game and very highly recommended .
 I bought this while reminiscing about my childhood , and I 've never regretted it . This is by far the most fun game that I played as a kid , and it still is one of the most fun computer games I will every play .
 My Son loves this game . I even played it too . It 's cute and has good educational and entertainment value . I think any kid around 5-8 will like it .
 My daugter played this in school and she plays it everday after school . I highly recommend ! Learn and have fun
 My 5-year-old LOVES this game ! It is a great way to learn logic and problem-solving . Right now , he largely just guesses , but he is starting to learn strategy already . I did have to use the FAQs on the website to get it to be compatible on my XP system , and it is pretty low quality graphics , but I love that the game is fun but also building cognitive skills .
 I recently bought several copies of this computer game sort of as a joke for my `` kids '' -- 23 and 20 -- because they loved it so much when they were younger . They loved it !! They immediately installed it on their laptops and could n't stop playing . They insisted that I had to buy a copy for their older brother , because he would love it too.The Zoombinis are just plain fun . And of course , kids have to use logic and reasoning to figure out how to navigate through the different phases , so that 's a good thing . But it 's not your typical `` educational '' software . Great graphics , colors and sounds . You really have to experience Zoombinis for yourself !
 This game is great for expanding a little mathematical mind . Lots of logic indeed ! This and not that , this and that , not this but that . What works ? What will get the zoombinis to their destination ? Its up to the child to figure out . Or actually US ! We loved playing it until we lost the disc . boo . have to buy another one .
 I ordered this program for my kids , we love it . I enjoy playing it with them . Definitely a thinking game and enjoyable for all ages .
 I loved this game as a kid and was so happy to find it so cheap on Amazon . If you have Windows 7 you can still use it . There is a feature that lets you run programs as if they were on older systems . . google it and instructions should pop up somewhere . Only thing is , is that the game suppper lags . But I mean it 's really not for the new operating systems . . I was just happy it works : -RRB-
 like the title says this game is awsome and makes you think i played when i was younger and am sooo glad its still here !!! ZOOMBINIS FUNNEST GAM EVER i love making the lil guys !! ahhhhh !!! buybuybuybuy !!!
 I taught `` information design '' at a major University for over 10 years , which means I teach others how to teach or instruct in various media . Before this , I spent 16 years designing computer software interfaces , web sites , and instructional material , including dozens of national and international awards for my work . As such , I am keenly aware of both the theoretical and practical issues and difficulties in designing instructional games for children.The best-known , most-respected , and most-successful educators tell us that education for children -LRB- and for adults , for that matter -RRB- is most effective when it is fun , when it involves guided self-discovery , when it transparently and automatically adjusts the level of difficulty to match the learner 's skills , and when it gives immediate feedback , especially when the emphasis is on positive feedback to the extent possible . Zoombinis excells in all of these areas.My 9-year-old son has become engrossed by the game , and now spends time helping his 6-year-old sister . They LOVE the silly aspects of the Zoombinis -LRB- `` hip , hip , zoombini !!! '' -RRB- , and are completely unaware that they are learning some rather complex logic and mathematical concepts . I was amazed when I overheard my son explaining to his sister how to solve the logic puzzles.I tried playing it myself , and found that the animation and characters are not annoying , cloy , or childish , but possess just the right amount of levity to keep it interesting . I 've found that after just a few hours of playing it , my son is already faster than me at figuring out the puzzles . He is now doing it at an intuitive level , while I still have to think it through step-by-step . Unlike other software , which usually follows a fairly simplistic , linear algorithm that is easily defeated by simple trial-and-error -LRB- click everything until it works , then memorize the right pattern -RRB- , the Zoombini puzzles/problems require the learner to internalize generalizable , transferable problem-solving methods.Sorry if this sounds like mumbo-jumbo . The bottom line is that this is an outstanding educational product that teaches remarkably complex thinking skills to children while seeming to be nothing more than a really fun computer game . Buy it ! You 'll be happy you did .
 I can not believe I am so in love with a computer game . My brother started playing it when he was 2 years old , and now his best skill is logic and mathematics - thanks to Logical Journey of the Zoombinis . This game is seriously a challenge for everyone that plays it . Even my mom , who is a very busy 37 year old full time educator , makes time to play this game -LRB- she says it makes her relax -RRB- . We even take it to summer holidays to play it ! Me - I am 16 years old - and my 18 year old sister also never get enough of Logical Journey . And I have been playing it for 6 years!First you choose 16 of these creatures called Zoombinis , and you are supposed to take them out of their island so they can be free . Of course , on the way to their new home , there are several tests to go through . Each single game is excellent , and each one of them demands logic and brain use while you have fun . You enjoy so much this game that you do n't know how much time passed and you keep playing it for hours.It is not easy to finish the game
 My younger sisters and I have been homeschooled for years , and our math teacher makes a point of bringing math computer programs for us to play durig the week . She brought us `` Logical Journey of the Zoombinis '' a few years ago , and we all became hooked . Even my older sister gave it a try . Once we figured out how to solve the puzzles , we had so much fun . Then we lost the CD and could n't find it anywhere.A few months ago , we saw this on amazon.com and were delighted ! Of course we ordered another copy . Being older -LRB- 141/2 , 12 , and 101/2 -RRB- we had learned more math and were able to get to the higher levels . That 's where we started having problems with it.The levels go from extremely easy to ridiculously difficult in so little time . It would be better if they spent more time on each level and worked your way up gradually , or if they did n't even get to levels that are so difficult . Not one of us -LRB- including my oldest sister , now 17 -RRB- has won Zoombinis . This is n't even because we have n't figured out how to solve the highest levels , because we have . It 's because of another problem with the game . You have to get way too many Zoombinis to Zoombiniville -LRB- over 500 , I think -RRB- . Each trip , which can take about forty-five minutes , transports only sixteen Zoombinis . After maybe ten max trips , you 're on the highest level . That 's pretty hard , and you get bored with doing the same things over and over . As it is , none of us have gotten very many past 200 to Zoombiniville . We simply get bored.Plus , it says that the age range is 8 and up . Do n't let this fool you . A very intelligent 8-year-old would probably be able to figure out the level-one and level-two puzzles , but not many puzzles on higher levels.My final verdict is
 Even through it is for ages 9 + my four year old has been able to play on her own and has really enjoyed the game . It involves thinking logically and is totally different to most of the other software available for children . I also found the game very enjoyable and a challenge at the hardest levels , my four year old plays on the easy level , my seven and six year old are at the second level . The game advances with the child . The child has to successfully complete a path of three games with all 16 zoombinis for a total of four times before the game progresses to the next level so they do not get moved up to quickly . They love making there zoombinis as they can pick the eyes hair feet and nose colour of each zoombini . Some of the puzzles are based on the zoombinis appearence , There eyes hair feet or nose help you decide the bridge/path/seating position etc and no two games are the same . Then there are the games that are not based on the zoombinis features such as deciding what toppings you put on the pizzas so that each of three characters gets the pizza it likes , which path the frogs can take based on colour or leaf shape or pattern on a leaf , which row and colomn you splash mud on that will bounce your zoombinis over the wall . There are a total of nine different games . This game is different from most I have seen in that it requires a different type of thinking . The games are quite different than the ones you find in a lot of other software . This is quite a hard game to describe . For a game that makes a child think and be observant while having fun this is one game that you should have in your childs game collection . It is also a game that will last with your child getting years of use .
 Zoombinis Logical Journey is everything that educational software should be . It is entertaining , compelling and teaches unobtrusively . Your child will learn mathematical and logical concepts while they are enjoying themselves!The Zoombinis are little creatures who vary in 4 features
 I originally purchased Logical Journey for my son back in 2001 . As of now , two years later , we still have yet to save all 600 + Zoombinis from the wretched Bloats . That is not to say that this game is boring . On the contrary , no . I have played the game alongside with my kids and sometimes the puzzles stump me as well . When the kids play , they are never bored . My son , who is now 9 , and my daughter , who is 5 play the game together.The best thing about this game is that every time you play , every puzzle is solved differently . For example , when you come to the Allergic Mountains , you have to figure out which Zoombinis can cross which bridge . I have seen the mountains accept or reject Zoombinis based on physical features as well as gender.One marked improvment I have seen in my son is his math skills . I originally bought the game because my son needed to learn to think logically . That was a skill that neither I nor his teachers seemed to be able to instill in him . Zoombinis helped him do that . While he still needs more practice in the skill , I have noticed that he is able to solve math word problems and simple logic problems with ease .
 This logical game is very fun and interesting to play . It is easy to learn how to play , but difficult to master it . It has approximatly 600 zoombinis that you have to get through a series of puzzles to get them from Zoombini Isle to Zoombiniville . Because you can only take 16 zoombinis at a time it takes a long time to beat the game . As you get further into the game , it goes through four levels and becomes even more challenging . There are 16 different puzzles including difficult ones and some that are relatively simple -LRB- at the start at least ! -RRB- . Everybody will love the logic , fun , and difficulty of this game .
 When one of my best guy friends showed me this new game he got , I saw the name and thought , `` Zoombinis ?? What the heck kind of name is that ?? '' But then he showed me how to play the game and I loved it ! At a local science and industry center , my cousin and I walked into the computer lab , and I saw that The Logical Journey of the Zoombinis was on option of a game to play . So I said to my cousin , `` Hey ! You should play this game it 's great ! But it 's very logical . I can help you out . '' So we played it . My cousin said it was way cool ! I would rate this game with 5 stars and 2 thumbs up . It 's an all-around `` go '' for kids . Every time I play the game , my friend and I sit with furrowed brows trying to figure out how to get past a certain level . Although I do n't have my own copy of the game , every time I get a chance to play , I 'm so excited because this is such a great game . Parents , if you do n't want your kids on the computer very much because they are n't learning anything ? Or maybe you do n't want them to learn about violence . Well , give your kids this game and although they may be skeptical at first , this game is so much fun , and they will learn TONS upon TONS about everyday logic . I told my friend that it was probably one of those educational games that are totally underrated age-wise . But he persisted that I atleast try it , and boy did he prove me wrong ! I 've been playing it for atleast 2 years now , and I still have not beaten the game ! Well parents , if your kid asks for this game , remember ... It 's the `` Logical Journey of the Zoombinis ... and the key word here is LOGICAL . '' : -RRB-
 I got this game years ago when it was still called `` Logical Journey of the Zoombinis '' but it 's still the same game . I 'm 17 years old , OK ? I STILL like this game , lol . It 's so cute how each of the Zoombinis has its own name and each is unique -LRB- save for one twin -RRB- . The puzzles are great ! This is going to sound nuts , but even though I got a 35 on the ACT including a 35 on the math part , some of these puzzles are STILL challenging for me at the harder levels ! I just love logic puzzles . If you like logic puzzles , no matter what your age , this is a great game . I also like the fact that you get a monument for each trip segment and level that you get a perfect score on -LRB- aka you do n't lose any Zoombinis -RRB- . It probably could 've had a cooler ending once you beat it all ; that was the only disappointing thing . Otherwise , great !
 Two or three years ago I got this for my now 11 year old daughter because she monopolized it at her friends ' house . Their mother highly recommended it , and I concur . I am now looking to purchase two more for some cousins . They played it over Thanksgiving weekend and both 9 year old boys were hooked ! I even became obsessed with for a bit when we first got it . The increasing levels of difficulty lend this game to a wide age range . And the Zoombinis are so cute !
 Not only fun but a great logic builder ! The best peice of software I 've bought for my kids !
 My 10 year old son loved this so much at school we ordered a copy for home - and for his 72 year old grandmother who also loves it . Teaches logic while having fun . A must have !
 This is one of the very few computer games where there are no glitches . The graphics , sound , and over all logic of this game are wonderous . Though some people may say it is for younger kids - they are wrong , my olmost fourteen year old cousin loves it - and even adults like it ! It 's not the same puzzle over and over agin either - clear directions and changing goals and directions give this game a little lift . There is so much more I could talk about with this game - but I do n't want to bore you - overall this game is great !
 I am currently seventeen and I have been playing this game ever since it came out back in 1996 . It 's such a wonderful fun-filled educational game -LRB- which is hard to find nowadays . -RRB- . The puzzles and levels are n't simple but not extremely complicated either . Sometimes they 'll be so obvious and sometimes my mom is n't even able to figure them out -LRB- and she 's a CPA ! -RRB- . But it overall does even out between the two , creating a great game . If you are a parent of kids eight and up , I 'd definently reccomend this game . Younger children can play , too , but it may be a bit tough for them still , especially when they reach the `` Very , Very Hard '' level -LRB- Trust me , this part gets tough ! -RRB- . Even as parents , you may even find yourself playing this game ! Overall , this is an excellent game that is not only fun , but indeed educational .
 The description on Amazon says this game works with Windows XP . But now that I received it , the back of the jewel case says it is NOT compatible with XP.I was so disappointed and I thought the game must be really outdated , but we borrowed an old laptop with Win98 and the game is terrific.Editing this review five years later to say , first , I did get it to work on XP -LRB- following the instructions of another reviewer -RRB- and second , I lost the CD and have decided this game is worth buying again ! I miss those little Zoombinis !
 During PRe-Algebra class at school , our teacher told us that our assignment today was to play this math game . Like the other so-called ` games ' , I thought this was going to be another dumb and boring one . However , this is loads of fun ! It challenges your mind and makes it fun . I would recommend this to anybody trying to get a reluctant child to learn or improve their math .
 I 've played this game so many times ! It is so much fun , even now ! I love all of the obstacles -LRB- especially the bubbles -RRB- ! It gets more challanging as you progress through the game and rescue more and more Zoombinis ! I find myself calling them by their names throughout the game , and you get so attached to them that when they are lost , you feel like they were family , too ! A great fun game that I recommend for ages 8 and up !
 I adored playing this game in elementary school and still enjoy playing it in college : -RRB- This game worked fine in my Windows 7 64-bit machine
 My 8-year-old daughter loves this . And I like it , too , because it is teaching her some logical reasoning in an entertaining setting.I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because of two small flaws : - you ca n't stop the game and save it at each level , you haveto get through a few . This makes it harder to have her stopwhen it is time to go to bed / go to school / etc. . For the parent ` ssake , please make games easy to save at any point . - getting all the zombini 's forward is a bit repetitive . On the plusside , though , this does make sure she really learns the lessons andbecomes adept at solving the logical puzzles.Nice game !
 This extraordinary entertaining software filled with logic puzzles makes students use their critical and math thinking skills without the use of numbers or math operations . I liked the fact that students can receive excellent practice with recognizing patterns , forming and testing hypotheses , analyzing data , comparison , and etc. . This software program is relatively free of stereotypes and bias because the Zoombinis are not like people but tiny , delightful , blue characters each with its own characteristics and are created by the students using this program . Each of the four levels becomes more challenging as students move through the puzzling program . The solutions to the puzzles are different every time the program is used which makes students wanting to play this program again and again . The students do not realize that they are using their critical and math thinking skills when solving these puzzles . The challenging puzzles are visually and mentally captivating and extremely fun to do . Even my adult basic education students are challenged figuring out how to solve the puzzles !
 It is a great game and is really , really , really fun . It 's perfect for at school at home ! It just makes learning great . The best part is you get to choose who comes along with you for the adventure ! I really recommend this game .
 Zoombinis is the greatest game in the whole universe ! I used to play it sometimes in my class at school , and I was so addicted , my teacher was always scolding me for staying to long on the computer ! With practically a million kinds of Zoombinis , and many ways the game gets different and more challenging , I 'd give Zoombinis 4 thumbs up ! -LRB- If I were a chimpanzee , that is-they have 4 thumbs -RRB- I think anyone getting Zoombinis has no idea what they are getting into . . > -LRB- o.o -RRB- <
 I first learned of this software when I was in college ... studying to get my certification to teach math . This is the updated version for use with computers running Windows XP . It still has the appeal to draw kids of all ages -LRB- mine are 8 and 6 -RRB- in and keep them coming back for more logical thinking -LRB- they do n't even realize they are developing wonderful thinking skills -RRB- . I even find it a needed break from playing Sudoku all the time ! The user interface is easily used by my kids without much help by me , and each of my kids have their own `` login '' so they can save their own game and go back to it at any time . I would have gladly rated this game 5 stars across the board , however , I was a little dissapointed at the developers of this game . My computer background is curious as to why they did n't take a little more care in writing the code to make the program run easiest on WinXP . The program still has to change the screen resolution -LRB- you do n't have to know how to do this , it does it automatically -RRB- , which means if your computer does n't have a decent amount of RAM , the screen will appear to jump and lag at times . This `` problem '' does n't happen all of the time , but it is worth noting for users who have little patience .
 and he gets better each time . The logic just seeps in . I definitely recommend for younger kids .
 This is an excellent learning game , my 8 year old son was playing it at school and it was all he talked about , I had trouble finding the game in town and finally found on the internet . He has not stopped playing it , HE LOVES IT !!!!
 Thanks for your quick mailing . I plan to use this CD with second graders , and the game should fit their age group nicely.JH
 I grew up on this game when I was young , and I recently started looking for it again , but could n't find it ... i love it ! it 's still one of my fav games ! i ca n't believe people are selling in for .01 !! It 's worth the penny ! trust me ! i think i may have to invest in a new one ! : -RRB-
 This is very good software . It is easy to install and the instructions are simple.The story is well thought out and the graphics are excellent . I have a five year old that really enjoys it . The game makes it fun to learn . I 'd recommend it to all .
 at first , i did n't like the game , but when they had a zoombinis 3 -LRB- island odyssey -RRB- . i went back to the first one and start a new game.i loved it.the story 's about the zoombinis living in zoombini isle , i think , but the bloats came and told the zoombinis that they could help them with better life -LRB- eg : expanding trade routes . -RRB- the zoombinis agreed but the bloats were taking over everything , stealing profits , canceling holidays.so the zoombinis escaped without the bloats knowing and went to build a new homeland.far away , in zoombiniville.you get 12 logic games ,4 levels , and 625 zoombinis to carry ,16 at a time.buy this game , you 'll love it .
 This game makes math and learning fun !!! you create your own zoombinis in the beginning , and follow along a mystical map until you reach the end . Sometimes it can get boring , though , and the journey might be too hard for some kids . Before buying this , do a little more research on it .
 Hee Hee I bought this for my son and he loves it and to tell you the truth , so do I.
 As well as it being a game to home your logic , zoombini 's can also be extremely fun . In a way there is nothing so satisfying as watching zoombini 's whoop in delight after completing a whimsical and different puzzle . The game is challenging , interesting , constructive and fun . A good buy for young kids .
 The Zoombinis Logical Journey is great for kids of almost all ages . My five year-old loves to create the different looking Zoombinis . My eleven year-old is being challenged by the higher levels . The levels gradually get harder and change as you get more of the Zoombinis along the journey to Zoombiniville . We still have n't gotten all the Zoombinis to safety , but it 's been fun so far .
 My kids love this game . It really requires them to think through their steps . It is also fun .
 I first played this game when I was in elementary school in the 90 's . I remembered this game very fondly and decided to order this last year -LRB- I 'm in college now -RRB- ! After spending a long time playing it again and enjoying all the puzzles , I would say that this is one of the best children 's software programs I 've ever played . It was just as fun as I remembered -LRB- my favorite ones are the pizza and frog/lilypad encounters -RRB- . The puzzles exercise your reasoning and the difficulty setting allows for a challenge . The only downside to this game is its replay value , although again , the higher difficulty allows for more playability after the first few rounds . To be honest , I 've never ran the zoombinis to their destination more than a few times so I 'm not sure if there is an ending , but they look pretty happy in their new village .
 I get a real kick out of this . It 's abit of solitary fun on the computer , that I would rate along with solitaireor majong , but different.I know it 's for kids , but it is sorelaxing for me . Just me and myzoombinis .
 My ten year old has been playing this game since he was 5 . He loves it . We even bought a new copy when our old one broke . I even play by myself sometimes , the puzzles are that fun . The only reason I do n't give it 5 stars is that it would have been helpful to have hints for the last level of puzzles . We ca n't quite get a full set of zoombinis through on those last levels . Other than that , it 's a lot of fun .
 it was very good !! that you for this product my child likes it very much . thanks !
 My parents bought this game for us kids for Christmas . I was 10 then and still remember it like it was yesterday . With all the Technology kids have these days , the only game I want my kids playing on the computer is Zoombinis . It is so fun and you do n't even know you are memorizing and learning . The ages say 8 and up , but my 5 year old loves it . My 2 year old loves the music and colorful activities . This is a must have game and will stick with you forever .
 My family loves this game ! I have purchased 3 editions for our family and a few as gifts over the years . It had great critical thinking games that are so fun.My girls are 21 , 17 , and 15 and still want to play this !
 My 6 year old granddaughter enjoys this game , and I -LRB- the 65 year old grandma -RRB- have been impressedwith the ` thinking this through ' skills that are introduced - and both us arefascinated with the silly little sounds those Zoombini creatures make !
 The Logical Journey of the Zoobinis is a wonderful game ! I would recomend it to anyone who struggles with grids or other forms of logic in the slightest or to anyone who is a logic lover . You will meet pizza trolls , cliffs alleigic to noses , fleebs , a squirrel that runs a hotel , and the logic wiz you or that speical child in life truly is.You will enjoy this five-star game as soon as you play it.Yours truly , a wordy fouth grader
 I purchased this after looking endlessly for a decent computer game that would require my children to think while they played . I am so pleased with this program . I ca n't say enough about the growing logic skills that my five and three year old are developing from playing this game . They call this a `` thinking game . '' As other reviewers indicated this is a grow-with-me program . This is a keeper for our boys .
 I LOVE THIS GAME ! it 's challenging and it really makes little brains think outside the box . Its more than 2 +2 = 4 learning its reasoning and problem solving which is really good for young ones . They can begin to work on solving problems with their brains not their tears . Depending on the level you set the game on it challenges all ages ... and I do mean all ages . I still play and I 'm 24 ! I play with my mom & my little brother -LRB- who is 7 -RRB- he loves it !
 I first played this game when I was in elementary school . I loved it then and , after playing it again after so many years now , I still love it . I would highly recommend it for parents with young kids and for those nostalgic adults like myself out there . The puzzles are excellent and grow more complex and difficult as the game progresses to keep the player challenged . Furthermore , the graphics -LRB- while no longer very modern by 2008 standards -RRB- are easy on the eyes and the voices are clear and even rather entertaining at times -LRB- although , in the version I have now , the sound tends to skip every so often -RRB- . However , the explanations and clues provided by the game for the puzzles are not always particularly helpful , especially since the company apparently no longer makes this game with an actual manual included . If you encounter problems in that regard , I would recommend Googling for an online walkthrough or FAQ about Zoombinis.Unfortunately , with the version I bought from Amazon.com here , I could not initially get it to play after installation . Despite what they might advertise , you may still run a chance of encountering technical errors that could render the game essentially useless . Fortunately , there are possible ways to fix this awful dilemma , at least for Windows XP users -LRB- as this is the system I use ; I 'm sorry , but I do n't know what can be done for Mac users who are encountering trouble -RRB- . You can run the Program Compatibility Wizard , which a quick Google search will bring up information about and how to start . Or , you can go to the game link on your Start - > Programs menu , right-click on it , click on Properties , go to Compatibility , and select the correct setting under Compatibility mode . I set it to Windows 95 for this game , and it appears to work just fine now . But , be warned - these methods sadly may not solve every case.Zoombinis
 THis is one of the first cd-roms that has stumped my rather precocious daughter
 In my house , my brother started playing it when he was 2 years old - maybe a bit younger . Today his greatest skill is Math and thanks to this game , he has a good brain for logic and maths . My mum , who is a 37-year-old educator , absolutely loves this game . I can speak for myself
 Aside from teaching logic to children of all ages , this game also teaches self-confidence and self-esteem . Upon successfully completing a puzzle one hears `` Well done , oh wise and trusty guide , '' -- or words of the like . These magnificent puzzles build skill and character without pressure of any kind . Mistakes are just an opportunity to learn better next time.Each puzzle completed well brings praise and the reward of continuing on the logical journey . But in the instances one loses a few Zoombinis along the road , there is no cause for alarm . `` Do n't worry , you 'll meet the Zoombinis again later , '' the narrator tells players.The challenges are great for children of all ages and even for adults . I could think of much worse games with which to play of an afternoon with my kids . Even the characters and sound effects on this game are pleasant . This game is a welcome relief from mass-market time wasters . It 's fun and education packed together . -- Alyssa A. Lappen
 This game is every bit like the old one I used to play on older computers . However , it took me a while to work it out on Vista . Here 's how to make it work for all you people :1 -RRB- Go to the Control Panel .2 -RRB- Click the word `` Programs '' to open its menu .3 -RRB- Under `` Programs and Features '' , the first on the list , click `` Use an older program with this version of Windows '' , the fourth on the list just under the title.This opens the `` Program Compatibility Wizard '' . From there , just follow the instructions and set it to around `` Windows 98 '' or so . Adjust if necessary.Once that 's all done , you never have to worry about making it work again , since it 'll do this setting automatically for Zoombinis from now on.Hope you enjoy it !
 I 'm a 13-year-old boy , I loved Zoombinis ever since it came out about 7 years ago , and I still love it now . Zoombinis is a great education game , it teaches logic and mathematical skills essential to learn , and also lets children -LRB- and adults -RRB- have fun while doing it.Zoombinis is set apart from so many other logic games by adding characters that are enjoyable and funny to a 2nd grader , while not being so annoying or childish that a 7th grader can not enjoy or laugh at them as well.Another way Zoombinis excels is in the way it adjusts to the user 's ability . The game will start out easy and teach more simplistic concepts , and after the user is comfortable with that , it will move on to more complex problems.A nice thing about this game is that it will encourage someone to learn and keep going . It can all happen because the game is both educational and fun , and the child will get a sort of self-satisfaction when they accomplish something . Whenever a puzzle is completed , the user gets a little bit closer to the goal of saving all the Zoombinis , and this gives them something to work for.Zoombinis consists of 12 different puzzles for the user to go thru , and one of the factors that have made it so successful is how it makes the user actually think . Instead of letting you just guess the answers , Zoombinis has you think about why a certain answer does or does n't work , then lets you come up with some sort of practical method to solve such problems , which can later be applied to more advanced levels of education -LRB- I am currently taking geometry , and I still use many of the methods I learned here to help me solve problems -RRB- . In all , Zoombinis is one of the most valuable and fun game -LRB- educational or not -RRB- that I have ever used . It is a great product , and I would certainly recommend it .
 I grew up playing the Logical Journey of the Zoombinis . Now I 'm 20 and was recently reminiscing with my college roommates about it and decided to try to find it . I was worried that there would n't be a version that would work on newer computers , because the description only says Windows and MacIntosh . My computer is a Mac OSX 10.5.8 and it works great . Hope that helps anyone who 's wondering if it 'll work !
 This is a GREAT game ! Teaches logical reasoning and fun for the whole family!I wrote about this game for technorati.comSee the article : Holiday Gifts
 Great game . No problems what so ever running Windows 7 professional 64 bit . Installed and played without having to change any of the settings or doing any troubleshooting to get to run .
 I loved this game as a kid and was thrilled to find it on Amazon . The game works great on Windows 7 , but unfortunately I have n't been able to get it to work on Windows XP -LRB- which can be fixed with compatability mode , I am just still figuring that out -RRB- . I 've been told that it will not work on Vista either , so I would only recommend purchasing this if you have Windows 95/98 or Windows 7 . If you are tech savvy and can figure out how to get it to run on XP , then I would recommend this to you too ! Great game . I have been able to play it and it brings back many great memories !!
 My five year old grandson and I have had a wonderful time playing with this game . We learned a lot about logic , and we learned that we have different learning styles.The 2005 version which I got from Amazon -LRB- see separate listing -RRB- has a Mac OS X installer which installed this game flawlessly in less than a minute . I have no experience with the 2001 version.Gil Steil
 I have a -LSB- ... -RSB- boy and he is in the game-playing age , what I found is that it 's REALLY hard to find educational games . So between bad games and crap like `` investigative math '' from school , he is not learning much other than reading.This game really fill the gap and it 's designed to be FUN and challenging at the right level for kids . My son likes it so much , I just purchased the `` Island Odyssy '' title from Zoombinis .
 I was probably 14 when I played Zoombinis . My aunt had it for my cousins and well for her too , and thought that I would really like it . Not only do you learn and have fun it 's so addicting . The best part about it is that you do n't even realize you are learning . I am now 24 and recently purchased the game for myself . Not because I need a refresher course but because I enjoyed it so much . I think that this is a great game for the classroom . I 've encouraged many of my friends that educate to install into their classrooms .
 I bought this game for my daughter and of course I had to try it out first . It was not only addictive for me , but when my daughter started playing it I had to fight her to stop ! She played it for three days straight until she was completely finished with the game . It really made her think . This is an excellent game and I would recommend it for anyone , child or adult .
 Fabulous learning tool for your children . They have fun and learn how to use logical thinking . Thank you to the developers of Zoombinis .
 I bought this game based mostly on the great reviews here . My dissatisfaction with this software is my own fault for not paying more attention to the description of the game which says the software deals with the `` basic fundamentals of mathematical thinking as organizing information , reasoning of evidence , finding and making patterns , and systematic testing of hypotheses . '' Look at that description again . No where does anything say this software is about adding , subtracting , multiplying or division problems . Even the title , LOGICAL Journey implies deductive reasoning . So please do n't take my harsh review as being critical of the software itself . It 's a good game for doing what it was designed to do which is to teach logical reasoning and deduction . However , if you are like me and looking for math PROBLEMS like add this number to this other number you wo n't find any of that here . Let me say it again in case it is n't clear yet . I could not find one single arithmetic problem in this whole game .
 I am a grandmother , and the first time I purchased this game was actually for some children of a friend . When we bought the game , my husband and I sat at the computer and thought we would give it a go to see if it was `` hard '' enoough for the intelligent children it was intended for . Well , to say the least my husband and I was SHOCKED ! It was so good we had to purchase a copy for ourselves and now have purchased a copy also for some of our grandchildren . Oh and the first version we bought for our friend 's children ? Its years later and they still get a kick of playing it . . as do I for that matter ! I am looking forward to the other versions I have just ordered recently .
 I love Zoombinis.They are very funny . I also like the games , wheather it 's for education or not .
 Originally my daughter was afraid of the game . For some strange reason she was fine with games featuring dinosaurs , but the sneezing mountains frightened her.Anyway , now this is a game she loves -LRB- she 's 5 -RRB- . It is good for teaching set theory . The ` bubble ' puzzle is good for building thinking skills needed for programming computers .
 This game is just what we were looking for . Our -LRB- ... -RRB- daughter really enjoys it . She only needed some assistance at first and has really taken off at figuring out the patterns and logic involved to help the zoombinis travel to their new home . She even figured out the basics for helping the Zoombinis get by the fleens -LRB- something her mom and dad were slower to pick up -RRB- . I would highly recommend this for 2nd graders and helps to teach math skills as well .
 This game has been around for a long time and has finally been updated for the newer versions of windows . My children played it when they were young and now have it to play with their friends who can not believe they never saw it . Great fun for kids and adults alike . Helps with thought processing and identification , fun and educational .
 It 's a game that all different ages will enjoy . You have to think to get to different levels . I like it & so do my great grand kids
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 6 ; the first time we played it was a little too challenging . After a bit of play we `` got it '' and understood the concept at 61/2 she LOVED this game . The object is to get as many zoombinis through the journey ; each stop is a logical puzzle . To figure out a puzzle , the kids use deductive reasoning ... without even knowing it . This is not a fancy 3D realistic game , it is a simple game with endearing cartoon characters . I would recommend this for kids 6 + . -LCB- Note -RCB- My kids are now 8 and 11 and of all of our computer games , Zoombinis has remained one of the all time favorites . We use the Mac version .
 I was very impressed by this one . purchased it on a whim , and was very pleased . My two kids love it , and would play it for hours if I let them.Highly recommend this one ...
 I math when i was little we use to fight over who 's turn it was to play this game we all had a great time and it is a great game for kids i beginning math classes . I think this would be a good gift for middle age kids !
 This is such a great game . The actual learning part of it is hidden by all the challanging puzzles , games , and levels . No matter what age you are , you will surely love this game . You just seem to fall in love with the zoombinis , and that makes you want to finish the game even faster , because when you finish the game , you bring them to a happy place . This game is great for anyone and everyone !
 My almost 7-year old seems to like the game well enough . He has plenty of time to grow into it too . He 's a little disappointed that he is not able to finish the game in a sitting , but I explained that is exactly what the game is supposed to do ... it 's a puzzle that makes you smarter as you figure it out slowly.We had a minor problem . Our copy that we bought this month is from 1996 ! During installation , we were prompted if we wanted to add Quicktime 2.1 . That 's an old program , we did n't know if we needed it , where to get it , etc. , so we clicked `` no '' first . -LRB- There was a mention of looking at the list to see what programs were necessary . Problem , is , we saw no such list . -RRB- After installation , the program would n't work . I decided to unload and reload the program , this time so I could click yes to getting Quicktime 2.1 . I hoped blindly that this program was included on the CD-ROM , and that it would solve our problem . Bingo ! Program works fine , on our XP laptop . FYI for anyone in a similar situation .
 We love this game ! When I was searching for new games for my girls , 8 & 11 , I came across this game , but made the mistake of not ordering it . One day , my daughter came home from her computer class and raved about this game - I ordered the Logical Journey and Mountain Rescue ... I am so glad that I did . My 8 year old and I enjoy playing Logical Journey together - its a little more basic and easier for her to understand . My older daughter prefers the Mountain Rescue - the graphics are a little more advanced and she enjoys the games more . I would recommend these games to anyone looking for fun , safe , and mentally challenging entertainment !
 Windows XP users do not despair . All you have to do is run the Microsoft Compatibility Wizard and Zoombinis will function properly on a Windows XP system .
 This game is very interesting and very fun . We started using this program in C.L.A.S.S. I like designing the Zoombinis and playing the games along the route . I especially like the pizza one where you have to make a pizza that the trees like . It is a very fun way to learn deductive logic . It is also fun where you have to decide which rocks accept each Zoombini . I also like the one where the Zoombinis have to be matched in pairs according to eyes , nose , hair , and shoes . I highly reccomend this program for it 's educational purposes and for it 's fun purposes .
 I was introduced to this game while helping out in an elementary school computer class -LRB- yeah , I 'm technically a grown-up -RRB- . It 's an engaging way to teach logic skills , and the puzzles are a lot of fun . I agree that there are a LOT of Zoombinis to save -LRB- the purpose of the game -RRB- and that once you 've mastered the higher levels it 's a bit tedious to keep playing the harder versions of the puzzles , especially if there are any you do n't like to begin with.On the other hand , this game is wonderful for a variety of age groups -LRB- some of the younger kids may need some help figuring out the logic behind the puzzles -RRB- , for different ethnicities -LRB- the Zoombinis are blue -RRB- , and genders -LRB- most of the characters are somewhat ambiguous on gender , and the Zoombinis are all equal -RRB- . I 've seen it played solo , and in groups , with equally enjoyable results . And there are a number of resources available for educators , parents , etc. to help your kids make meaning from the games they are playing.All in all , this is a must for any elementary/middle school computer educator , and a highly recommended for parents who want their kids to use computers as a tool as well as a toy .
 While the maker suggests this game is more appropriate for older children , my five-year-old daughter and her six-year-old friend enjoy it a great deal .
 I 'm a 15-year old who rediscovered Zoombinis after it was left on the shelf for about six years . I 'm in a math/science magnet and at least half my friends played this game when they were kids . I 'm having the time of my life not only playing the game , which is still hard enough to challenge me at this age , but I 'm also trying to duplicate it in my own spare time -- figuring out how to generate and manipulate the puzzles in my own version of the program . The logical thinking is present and wonderful -- many people do n't see where the algebraic thinking is coming from -LRB- Mirror Machine , of course , where various transformations are used to make the Zoombinis appear alike -RRB- , or where the graph theory is present -LRB- Stone Rise demands that the Zoombinis be connected by similar attributes -RRB- , or coordinate systems -LRB- Mudball Wall and Hotel Dimensia , of course -RRB- , but clearly , it is present and it is very , very , effective .
 The Logical Journey of the Zoobinis is a wonderful game ! I would recomend it to anyone who struggles with grids or other forms of logic in the slightest or to anyone who is a logic lover . You will meet pizza trolls , cliffs alleigic to noses , fleebs , a squirrel that runs a hotel , and the logic wiz you or that speical child in life truly is.You will enjoy this five-star game as soon as you play it.Yours truly , a wordy fouth grader
 I purchased this after looking endlessly for a decent computer game that would require my children to think while they played . I am so pleased with this program . I ca n't say enough about the growing logic skills that my five and three year old are developing from playing this game . They call this a `` thinking game . '' As other reviewers indicated this is a grow-with-me program . This is a keeper for our boys .
 Quite simply the best computer game ever made for children of all ages . I 've been buying computer games for over 20 years and none has ever had the staying power and pure fun that Zoombinis has . Children of 4 and 5 love to set up the zoombini characters and watch it played long before they understand most of the logic . And you can watch them learn to think as they grow older and love the game that much more . Even 12-year-olds still enjoy the harder levels of play . Not even the later Zoombini games can hold hold a candle to this original masterpiece .
 I got this for our 9 year old brainiac nephew and it was a huge hit . He 's spent tons of time playing it and it 's so much fun that I want one for myself . The program seems to work very well , he 's really fast on it and loves the music too .
 All my boys 4 , 7 and 12 years really like this learning game . There is a good balace of assignments covering several basic math skills . Players really need to think along the way if they want to have any surviving Zoombinies at the end of the day . I even chip in sometimes myself .
 This game is an interesting way to teach critical thinking , but it gets very repetitive very quickly since it is pretty short , and once you finish one skill level , the next level is the same old thing with just a bit more difficulty each time . I got tired of doing the same puzzles over and over , it would have been nice if each skill level had a new set of puzzles.One good thing about this game is it works on both Windows machines and Macs , although the second Zoombini game , Mountain Rescue , does not work on Macs.All in all , a cute game , but likely to be tired of quickly .
 Before Zoombinis , I was depressed , homeless , and friendless . But this game really changed my life ! Now I am happy , I have a nice house with several husbands -LRB- and this time , they 're not imaginary -RRB- , and many friends . And they like me and I am popular because of this game . THis game seriously changed my life and made me a better person ! If you are depressed , lonely , drunk , addicted to drugs , or homeless , this game will make everything all better because Zoombinis are epic .
 I had the same problems with loading this game that many others complain about . I have Windows XP . In the end my fix was I , -LRB- 1 -RRB- loaded the game , -LRB- 2 -RRB- right clicked on the game 's icon , -LRB- 3 -RRB- clicked on Properties , -LRB- 4 -RRB- clicked on Compatibility tab , -LRB- 4 -RRB- under Compatibility Mode checked Run this program in compatibility mode for
 When I first played this game I was at a friends house . I played it and wanted it so bad ! My mom got it for me and I started to play it as soon as I could .
 This software has many brain-using games , and they are really fun!There is a story about the Zoombinis so I would recommend you to buy `` The Logical journey '' first as it is the first of the story . But , there is a problem . I have two computers , one is XP , and the other is Windows 98 . When I tried to use this game and the `` The logical journey '' on my XP , it did n't work . But on the 98 one , it worked ! So well , if you have a XP edition ... But , -LRB- here 's another but ! -RRB- XP users do n't be disappointed . There is another software named `` Island Odyessy '' that you can use.Otherwise , everything is ok . I would say it has been a lot of trouble keeping away from my computer when I have this software running . So be careful parents and everyone , because your child or you will be stuck to the computer and the parents WILL have to drag your child away from the computer . :-RRB- All of the software is games , but I think it will be good for the children AND adults because it keeps your hard brain become soft.Also , it might improve slow minds too . -LRB- I myself am a very slow person. : -RRB- I hope this will be a great help to you .
 I love to play the game . It is really entertaining and I never get bored playing far too many times . I would rate it more than five stars if I could . Zoombini Abloopa highly recommends all kids play the game and commands all kids to love zoombinis . -LRB- Zoombini Abloopa is the great king of zoombinis after the game happened . -RRB- One more thing . The kids at my school tease me that Zoombinis are really bad and stuff , but I think that the Learning Company gets sad because after all that work and trouble , to make the game they still say bad things . Thats all
 Unlike the Zoombini 's Logical Journey , this game is filled with melodrama . Every time kids finish one puzzle , they have to save more Zoombinis from another obstacle . The narrator makes the game ever-more exciting.Each puzzle is different than the last , and more important , each one changes constantly , so that no two games are ever the same . In other words , this game keeps kids on their toes , while making them believe they are actually saving Zoombinis.Another bigtime winner .
 First of all this software is okay . Unlike the 1st one I easly conquered all the levels in just 10 hours or about 10 playing days . It 's still fun , but after you win the game it starts to get a little lame . Although I did n't have any loading problems the screen froze once . The graphics were good and the games were exiting at first . Overall if its on sale you might as well buy it .
 Zoombinis Mountian Rescue is a great game filled with tons of logic puzzles . Your goal is to fill up the boolie figure with boolies , and then the mayor will come back . You get to create your own Zoombinis , or have them made by the computer . You wo n't be wasting your money when you buy it ! -LRB- It makes a great gift by the way -RRB-
 My girls -LRB- 7 and 4 -RRB- love this game . Unlike previous versions it ran out of the box with windows 7 . The only problem I 've had is that the system can sometimes get confused coming back from hibernation or suspect , navigating through the windows fixes it though .
 We play many adult and child board and online games and I am not aware of a game that is more mentally stimulating while being fun for a child . My daughter has been playing this since she turned 4 and continues to ask for this series two years later . I am not sure that one needs to have all of the games from the series , since many of the puzzles are based on the same type of logic , but I feel that every child should own a copy of one . Since the puzzles offer four levels of difficulty , most of them would be challenging for the average adult . The great replay value will help boost a child 's analytical skills to a point that many of their school tasks become trivial .
 We Got this from a friend , it came highly rated , and it did n't disappoint . My 6-yr-old son loves this . It took him a little while to figure out some of the puzzles - it took ME a little while to figure out some of the puzzles - but is very playable and enjoyable . One caveat is there is a middle part of the game where you will play the same puzzles over and over and over again . If your child is easily bored - beware . However , my son does n't seem to mind this - he just tries to get better and better at each of the little games .
 My daughter -LRB- 7 -RRB- and I had alot of fun playing this game . Teaches thinking and logic , but in a fun way with great graphics !
 We ordered this version because the first Zoombinis Logical Journey would n't work on our new operating system , MS Media . The kids missed playing the game . The kids and I found the first Journey had more levels of difficulty , thus more challenging . But the game still emphasizes logical thinking skills necessary for math . It was nice seeing and creating the Zoonbinis again .
 I like this game a lot . I have n't played it myself , but I 've watched my 8-year old brother play it for a while . I like the puzzles and sort of like how it gets harder after you complete each section a certain number of times . One of the things I did n't really like was how long it is . I mean , come on ! You have to rescue 500 + Zoombinis and the most you can save at a time is 16 ! Another thing that I noticed was that some of the puzzles take a LOT of patience.There 's one game where you have to give trolls the food they want by listening to the clues they give you . On the beginning level it was fine , but by the intermidiate level he did n't have as much patience for all the things and ended up guessing randomly . Still , I think this is DEFINITELY a good game . I would reccomend it . Also there 's several other great Zoombinis games that are also fun .
 I bought this game for my son so that i could play with him . It was having some crashing problems so I decided to take a look at what could be done . I have a nice newer laptop so I understand the compadability issues.Right click the icon and click properties . Change the compadability to win 98/ME . I turned it to Start as administrator and turned the resolution all the way down.When starting the game it will make your screen small and very ugly . It ran fine on my computer for my son and I. the sound quality was a little bad and it would lag slightly here and there when changing scenes . But it was good overall
 I love zoombinis now ; I like logical games.when I saw the game zoombinis
 the sequel to logical journey is GREAT!one thursday morning a zoombini named binky said that some of his friends are locked up in doors.you need to help them.no violence.it 's great.after you have saved your friends you need to help the boolies -LRB- that 's the second main part of the game -RRB- . you hook up with in game # 9 , the last one -LRB- in fact , there are 9 games -RRB- . the game is boolie boogle , i think.you must changed the sad boolies into happy boolies -LRB- boolies look like teeth -RRB- . then you carry the zoombinis and boolies into boolieville.carry all and the grand boolie boolie will return.can you help them ? .9 games , like pipes of paloo and magic mirrors -LRB- no , not real magic -RRB- . and 3 levels.well , it 's you choice.buy it if you want to .
 I played the old one not the one that comes out on the 10/15 It did not have the best graphis but was fun i bet this one andLogical journey will be just as much fun with better graphis.You shoul jive Logical Joureny and/or Moutain Rescue a try .
 My children received Zoombinis Mountain Rescue for Christmas , alongside Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone , I Spy Treasure , and the Sim Theme Park PC programs . Now that it is March , Zoombini Mountain Rescue is the only program that continues to challenge my 6 and 8 year old sons to think . They can not memorize this game ; it changes and requires constant problem solving . It 's humor and fun hide the fact that this is an `` educational program . '' This is a great way for kids to learn mathematical theory and logic ! -LRB- My Mother , a teacher , even used the 1st Logical Journey of the Zoombinis in her 1st and 2nd Grade classroom with much success . -RRB- We had no problems with loading , display , and playing the program . The characters and challenges in both Zoombini programs are neither violent nor simpering . Kids at 6 years will need some parent help as they progress in Zoombini Mountain Rescue . Logical Journey of the Zoombinis was less difficult for the youngest gamers . Watch out parents ! It 's fun for all ages ...
 Finally , there is another Zoombinis game . It took about five years , but I was so excited that I immediately rushed out and bought it . I was a little disappointed to see that the graphics had changed , so that all of the Zoombinis looked different . As soon as I started to play it , however , I changed my mind . Though it only has nine puzzles and three difficulty levels for each , the game is still challenging . The Zoombinis are living in Zoombiniville happily , until a storm makes some Zoombinis get trapped in a cave . They venture out to rescue the others , and find that the friendly Boolies have lost their mayor . Now , the Zoombinis decide to help the Boolies get back to Booliewood so that their mayor will return . Instead of the difficulty level rising for an entire leg , each level can now have its own setting . Once a group of 16 Zoombinis gets through a level any three times without losing any Zoombinis , the difficulty level rises . Math and logic are slyly disguised and placed in each level , without using numbers . Some of the new concepts include dimension labeling and binary addition . This long-awaited sequel to the first Zoombinis game is almost as good as Logical Journey , though I would rather have the first if I had to choose . If you like this game , try the original , Zoombinis Logical Journey , and the third , Zoombinis Island Odyssey .
 This is almost better than the last ! It is VERY VERY educational and VERY VERY fun . I could let my kids play it for hours . I highly reccomend this item .
 The Zoombinis was one of the first computer games to challenge users of any age to try math equations without any numbers . Most people think that math means numbers . Well this game shows those people that ingenius ideas like this can not only teach young children valuable learning skills , but might teach some children better than a math class would . The follow-up however , isnt as original as the first , and the fun factor drops a bit . That doesnt mean you cant enjoy this game . There are still instances where you will find yourself pulling your hair out in rage , but it just doesnt compare to the original . In terms of Gameplay , replayability , and Fun Factor . Sure , its much harder , but a hard game isnt worth playing if it doesnt have anything else to offer .
 The reasoning ability needed is said to develop in the ninth year , which we found accurate . Most children under 9.5 can enjoy it , but need a lot of help . Even then only the brightest will succeed without some initial assistance on the more difficult stages , but once they get the idea they can handle new problems on their own.One time the program hung up when we waited a long time on the pinball stage . The delays at the end of some stages are annoying ; it is not clear whether it is done.Most important , though , is that the kids love it so far , and they are probably learning something of the listed skills . Ica n't compare it with Logical Journey of the Zoombinis .
 Zoombinins Mountain Rescue may not be quite as good as the original title , only because it is a bit more challenging , but it is still an excellent game . . far , far better than most games out there ! We own the original game , and sure , it is easy to get attached to it . The truth is , this new game is enormously educational and worth every penny . The graphics are better , but that 's not as important as the fact that the logic puzzles are just as outstanding if not better than the original . This game is better for kids about 9 and up , while the original one could be played by kids a bit younger .
 In order to overcome the Unable to Set Video Mode error I followed the directions in one of the other reviews here -- I did Start > Run typed in dxdiag , then clicked on the Display tab and disabled DirectDraw Acceleration -LRB- and then I rebooted just in case -RRB- , but after that the game would open then crash when the actual game started . I got past that problem by right-clicking on the game 's icon on my desktop and on the Compatibility tab I chose Windows 2000 -LRB- I first tried Win95 and Win98 , but the sound did n't work right for those settings , I could n't understand what food the furry eating-game guys -LRB- I forget their name -RRB- were saying they liked/disliked -RRB- . The games appear to be fun -LRB- I have n't done all the levels yet -RRB- , I particularly like the feature to keep track of the logic in the eating game using the board on the wall in the game , I wish they had that for all the games of all the series , saves scribbling on paper -LRB- which I had to do a lot of with the mudball game in the Island Odyssey -RRB- .
 From the support website
 This is a very challenging game , several levels that will test your patience . Try it ... you 'll like it !!!!
 Very good product . Love the way it teaches logic to children . Felt it was easier to navigate after playing first Zoombini game .
 The kids picked it up in no time -LRB- ages 9 & 6 . -RRB- Me , I could n't figure it out but at least they enjoyed it . However they beat it in one day .
 This game is really , really cool ! I 've played this before at my old elementary school.It is really cool.You get to make your own kind of weird people and send them on a mission . If you read this I hope it makes you want to buy it.This game is sooooooooo much fun !!!!!!!!!!
 This game is fun but you have to get so many zoombinis so far so many times .
 As I sat down with my niece to `` play '' this game I was struck by how interesting it was that software manufacturers could actually use games that are fun to help teach kids -LRB- and I dare say adults -RRB- and add to the education that children are receiving . This game was fun for us both because it helped my niece to recognize patterns , follow sentence structure , taught general mathematics in the elevator and showed that in the end you can have fun while learning.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who has a child in the 2nd , 3rd or 4th grade . However , you will need to sit down with them to help them figure out what exactly they need to do . The only reason I gave this product a 4 star rating instead of a 5 is that in one part of the game , the player is required to map out routes on a computer screen and it was very difficult for my niece to grasp . I believe that they set out to teach the player something they had n't covered in school and it went above my niece 's knowledge level.Otherwise , this game is a very good educational tool and yes , we `` both '' had fun playing it .
 I bought this game as a part of a three pack for Cluefinders . AFterwards I read a review where a person had trouble installing this on an XP system . That was one reason why I bought this game as the box states `` Now Featuring XP compatibility . '' . With a bit of trepidation , I installed it in my computer , and then let my 8 year old have at it . I must say installation on the XP system went fine and after only about 3 hours of play we have n't noticed any strange glitches . This is definitely more of a learning game as opposed to a more fun style of game like Pajama Sam or Spy Fox . I saw that my child had to fill in the blanks of sentences , using words provided , and then arrange those sentences into a sensible paragraph . That provided a bit of frustration , and even the proper arrangement was n't obvious to me . Still , by randomly moving the sentences around , you can eventually get the answer they are looking for . Same with the math questions . You will get an equation to solve and about 25 different answers are on the screen , and you click on the right one . I have no doubt my child just clicks till she gets the right one if she does n't know how to do the equation . For less then ten dollars I got 3 Cluefinders games , and with only trying this one game , I am satisfied with the purchase . It seems perfect for this age group of 7-12 years where Reader Rabbit and cutesy games are too easy for them , and they want to feel like they are solving a mystery but also practicing school skills .
 This game is totally cheap -LRB- price wise -RRB- because you get one regular game and one bounus game ... It is very educational and also is fun . This is a really , really great game !!!
 This is the first `` edutainment '' software that I 've been able to install without a hitch on our Windows 2000 system . We do n't give normal accounts `` Administrator '' or `` Power User '' privileges , and it worked fine . Kudos to The Learning Company for finally updating their game engines to work cleanly -LRB- and securely -RRB- on operating systems newer than Windows 3.1 ! It also properly adjusts and restores screen resolution , and with far more than VGA resolution.My daughter enjoys it , and has played each disk several times.I 'll agree with the other review that the map section required some help at first . But she 's been able to stretch her mind to understand all aspects of it , which is great .
 I really like this . If you do n't know who the ClueFinders are , click Laptrap -LRB- the yellow floating guy -RRB- and click on the ClueFinders Club button . I used to think it was a club you join and pay money but no , it 's just an information center . You might as well know you need to get 3 of everything , I did n't know that with the spark plugs , I only got one . The spark plugs is the map game witch other reviews complain about . It 's not confusing , it 's just boring . My favorite game is where you experiment to knock down the toys but I only play it 3 times because I do n't want the ClueFinders to have any proof that they went on there adventure . Originally , I 'd do 20 . Eldon the Elevator takes a really long time on level 4 . I really liked the plot and I always make up stories where kids are in stores after they close . Ali Trap is really cute & I wish she was in more games besides Reading Adventures where she dose n't talk and is duplicated . This game is best for high-ish ages who know a lot about multiplication & division . Do n't get fooled by the box , the robo dog is actullay good by giving them a smart chip for the unshrinker . Signed , RBW
 Got product as promised , however think again if you have a newer mac , the game will not play due to New York 18 font . I was able to play the game only due to having an iMac core duo processor with a second operating system-Windows Vista . The game sometime takes a while to load . No problem with seller , product is subpar for newer generation mac , slightly cumbersome with vista .
 This game is excellent for someone wanting to learn more about history during the westward movement in the USA or anyone who enjoys history . This is very educational and challenges your decision making during your journey .
 I remember playing the game before my daughter was in school , so I was looking forward to using it when the time came this year for her to give a report on the California trail . Her teacher gave her an A + for the diary she made of the trip . You do n't have to have children to play either , just an interest in history .
 As a kid I remember playing this on a Apple II but when you have less than an hour in the computer lab at school there is not much you can do . I finished my first game with the 5th Edition just last night - a four hour game - and felt good for making it , with all the members of my party alive , four out of the six oxen I started out with , some money , some supplies , a wagon still in on piece and even 10 skill points I did n't use when I made my character . And I was a farmer to boot ! Course , I also played at the Greenhorn level but I enjoyed it . And learned a lot . Rest before going up or down hills . Go easy - do n't rush . Food is more important than anything else but keeping the wagon working and oxen healthy . I plan to pick my own supplies next time and maybe fish and gather more than hunt - you do n't waste ammo when you fish . Frankly , I may just leave the rifle and ammo behind , and just bring a few extra fishing rods . Maybe bring more salt , leave the coffee behind and so on . As you can see I am already planning my next game and that 's still at the Greenhorn level . The guide in the game seemed very helpful and you should use it as much as you can - it gives you a lot of information on certain campsites and about the trails themselves . I went slow - 8 miles a day - and made sure that everybody , much of the time , had three meals a day . Even with a lot of mistakes - selling my water keg and trying to rush through the mountains - I still made it . Because of that I would suggest it for kids also . Kids hate it when they die . But if they win , even after all the tough decisions and rough terrain , it will make them feel great.And they learn while they play . Hehe !
 I always enjoyed playing this game when i was a child so i bought for my son . I have as much fun playing it as him . Still has a lot of features as the original , but also alot of improvements . Nice clean game without the violence & profanity . A must buy for any grade school kids !
 I read some of the 1 star reviews - I feel sorry for them , but did not have any problems . Installed on both computers in our home , laptop and desktop running xp professional . No problems ever . It does take a long time to set up , so I do it and save it for my son who is 7 . He needs a little guidance , but does it mostly himself . Lots of superfluous extras , but still good . My last experience was with the original version in sixth grade 25 + years ago on an Apple . This is MUCH improved . We really enjoy the game . If you buy a second small wagon , you can carry more . Buy oxen -LRB- 6 or more for one wagon , 10 for 2 -RRB- to carry the weight . Do not use the Conestoga wagon - it is too heavy regardless of what the pictures show . Do not buy any furniture or any heavy iron items . Hope you enjoy the game . Make sure you use your skill points at the very beginning , they really help .
 I had the same problem as others playing this on my Vista notebook and my XP desktop , but one of the other posters mentioned http://support.encoreusa.com/kb.asp?id=322 and I found http://support.selectsoft.com/products/O/LLORETR5TJ.htm both of which have OT5Patch.exe which is the patch that makes everything work.Great game , I remember it as a youth on the now ancient Apple -RSB- -LSB- e -LRB- lol -RRB- , now my 9 year old daughter enjoys it just as much ! If I could only get my hands on that old Swashbuckler game , or even Black Castle for my old Mac , I 'd be one happy camper !
 I 'm a 9 year old boy and I like Oregon Trail . You learn a lot about the trail and life on it . You learn the hard life of sickness , snake bites , gunshots , fishing , double - teaming the animals , gathering , hunting , bear and couger injuries in the process of hunting , and shopping and trails . I like going to salt lake city insted of Oregon City because I can never make it to Oregon . I always die of starvation , frostbite or accieental gunshot when I 'm the captain of the wagon train . . At first I always used oxen and went hunting all the time , but after I learned to fish and gather I always did that and I swithed to horses insted ox . Thanks to the Oregon trail game , I 've learned what the hard life was like on the Oregon Trail .
 The game is really fun ! My fiance and I take turns trying to beat each other 's high scores . This was my favorite game as a kid so my fiance bought it for me for Mother 's Day . -LRB- We have a 2 yr old son -RRB- You learn a lot from this game and it 's fun to put your friend 's names on and pretend to go on adventures . Also you get to shoot animals and not feel guilty about it .
 Ah , such a great game ! Runs fine on windows 7 , at least for me , dunno why other people have problems with it . Brings you back to 4th grade when you play it ;-RRB- . So much fun !
 it is a great game , but unfortunately i can not use it with the latest model of Apple computer . I believe it is the older virsion . I still can use it in a couple of old computers in my class .
 This works great on my son 's mac computer operating OS 10.4 -LRB- tiger -RRB- . There were some reviews out there about difficulty with mac , but we have not had a single problem with it .
 I bought this to use in my history classroom ... thought the kids would enjoy it while we were talking about westward expansion . We played it on the Promethean board ... Of course , we all had to play together since I do n't have 20 something computers ... I went ahead and gave names to the characters and bought their supplies before we began . Along the trail , I let students vote on what actions to take . They really enjoyed it . Fun game ... good price ... highly recommended ! I guess my only complaint would be that the game would not show up full screen on the Promethean , but no biggie . And that may just be a problem with my computer ??!!
 I have n't played this game since it was version II when I was a kid . This had added features and worked on my Xp system . For the price and the nostalgia , cant be beat
 Oregon Trail was a favorite of our family -LRB- young and old -RRB- years ago . Bought OT V5 for Christmas for my teenager and 10 yr old . It was sort of meant as a joke but now all her teenage friends come over to enjoy the game ! It 's almost a mini-cult following !! Very educational and entertaining .
 This is a more modern version of the game I remember playing . I 'd played a different version a long time ago . I thought it interesting that there were animations along the course of the game where a guide and three kids talk about experiences on the trail . They also make historical references which are educational .
 this game is educational and enjoyable to play . i use it in my classroom , and the students love it .
 I have n't played this game since I was a kid in elementary school , but it is still good clean fun . Even my nieces come over to play after school .
 This is just what we were looking for ! It 's not the same as the green -LRB- or orange -RRB- and black screen that I had in school as a kid , but it 's definately fun ... and addicting . Both my husband and I have had our fair share of playing this game ... and the kids love it , too . Would recommend . It 's a great learning tool for money management and responsibility !
 Growing up my husband and I played this game in school and we were wondering if it was still out there , and I found it for a GREAT deal on Amazon ! It 's exactly what I wanted , and even better now 13 years later . It was shipped very quickly and just as described . As a first time user to Amazon I am very pleased .
 i loved the game . i used to play it as when i was younger and was delighted to be able to play it again .
 Excellent game . It does not have state of the art graphics , but they are not needed to enjoy the trail . Good game for all ages .
 I had to give the game to my niece , because it would n't load on my computer . The cover says it will work on XP , but it does n't . I tried it on both my laptop and my desktop , which runs XP . But it does work on Win 98 .
 I loved playing this years ago , and it was still really entertaining now . It works really smoothly on my powerbook !
 I own the II edition and now the 5th edition . They did make some improvements , like you can now go fishing and gather your own fruit and veggies any time . The hunting is the same . They added a neat story feature that provides some nice history and education with animated characters . You can click to bypass it anytime but it 's fun to listen to . They also added a feature where you can watch your wagon cross the river so you can watch and see if it gets stuck or tips over -LRB- or , if you 're fording the river , you can see it get completely flooded -RRB- . I still think there is a LOT of room for improvement in the game -LRB- better animation , more help and tips , etc -RRB- but it 's still a fun game to play . I played it on my PC with XP with no problems at all . I also have a Mac OS X and I did have a problem while trying to install . To run on a mac , it requires the `` New York '' font , which my particular Mac did not have by default . So I actually had to go on a different mac computer , copy the font onto a flash drive , and then copy it onto my mac . Then the game installed just fine . A strange quirk IMO ... why ca n't they just include the font with the game so people do n't have to hassle with it ?
 I 'm most definitely not afraid to admit that I play this game . In fact , it 's difficult to tear me away from it . The game is extremely accurate to the actual events that occurred along the trail . I do n't recommend it for young children ; but preferably for ages 12 and up . It takes an amazing amount of good judgement , whether you 're buying suppies , crossing rivers , curing ailments , or bartering with fellow travelers . Although it does seem to exclude some of the worst hardships , it is still the best interactive account of a historical event I have seen thus far in life . Kudos to the inventor -- this game is a masterpiece !
 When my Oregon Trail 2 game stopped playing audio I went with this game . I liked the cartoons of following the pioneer children along the Oregon trail which you 're not forced to watch if you 've played the game 100 times and dont want to listen to the dialogue anymore . I like the hunting , fishing , and gathering options though on hunt mode it seems as though theres more wildlife despite conditions that would dictate otherwise . All in all the gameplay is solid , but disappointingly similar to Oregon Trail 2 . I was expecting a few more options with this game . But for the price , I cant complain too loudly
 This version of Oregon Trail brings the graphics and game-play into the 21st Century . Having played the 1985 version -LRB- available for Mac II , but we played it on Tandys back in the late nineties -RRB- and the version from 1992 , this game is a sight for sore eyes in so many ways . For the time , the predecessors were great games , but of all the improvements made , the replay value is the star of the show.You can choose the month and year you set out , as well as different points of origin and different destinations -- groundbreaking compared to always going from Independence , Missouri to the Willamette Valley in Oregon . You can choose the ages AND names of your party , your occupation , you can fish as well as hunt , and you can buy specific increments of medicines -LRB- by the bottle -RRB- , all types of food -LRB- by the pound -RRB- , various textiles , even animals besides oxen . In fact , you can travel in three different types of wagons . The Learning Company obviously tried to make the experience more custom and more personal to each wagon party , which makes for a much more interesting experience.You still cross rivers , talk to strangers , set your pace/rations , and all of that good stuff , but the rivers ' graphics and hunting scenery looks very cool , and the people are realistic-looking trailgoers . The water shines and ripples , and the various landscapes change as you move through the untamed wilderness to match the terrain you 're crossing through at the time -LRB- it often looks like a collage ; I 'm very partial to it -RRB- . TLC stayed true to what works in the game , while adding new content that keeps things interesting . One of the most awesome new features I was not expecting is the gathering ability . Right next to fishing and hunting , one may gather edible parts of herbs and fruits . You can click `` look up '' and it tells you whether or not it is poisonous , and it is pretty easy to learn what to take and what to throw out , so in a few minutes , you 've gotten multiple factual botany lessons , have familiarized yourself with what these plants look like , and have acquired pounds of nutritious and healthy food to eat on the trail . Also , there is an `` automated diary '' that writes about what you traded for , who you met , news you heard , what you bought , where you rested , how many pounds of food you gathered , et cetera ; if you buy decks of cards , fiddles/banjos/harmonicas , checkers or any amusement , the party will use it and notate as such in the diary . Though it fills such details in itself , you can type your own notes and observations , as well as flip through the diary to read past entries . I like referring to past entries in the diary from time to time ; it 's nice that simple things like that do not go unnoticed . The older versions of the game spoke of a `` trail log '' and you had the option to export it and read it in a Word file , but this is a bona fide log of events , and reading them later on can be quite humorous.The storyline of Cass and her family is not mandatory and you can click through the cut-scenes if you want to skip them . It is just a companion storyline that unfolds as the same pace as your own . The first time I played , I watched them ; they are not corny , and though they are not geared towards me at the age of 21 , I am a history lover who wants to learn about a chapter of history that I do n't really know that much about ; Cass ' story is pretty universal , so I did learn a thing or two . I 'm a big fan of classic games , and having loved this so as a kid , I was bound to try and get my hands on this . I am glad I did . Every element that makes this Oregon Trail was enhanced , and the countless ravines , rivers , camps , forts and passes make no two journeys alike.I LOVE this game ! * A few tips
 After reading about how others were having trouble running this on windows XP , we decided to purchase the program directly trhough The Learning Company because , although it was a little more money this way , they do have a 90 day money back policy in case it does n't work on your system . Well , we had absolutely NO PROBLEM loading and running this program . We have windows XP Professional . The program automatically installed itself and ran great . The kids LOVE it .
 I was very happy with this game - it took the bets parts of the previous Oregon Trail incarnations and wove them together for a good overall product . I can appreciate a company which recognizes both the weaknesses and the strengths of their products and uses this information to get better . In this Oregon Trail you can once again chose how many you will travel with and name them -LRB- for some crazy reason this feature was eliminated in the 4th Oregon Trail edition -RRB- , but you can also CHOOSE the times you stop to collect wild fruit or fish , instead of these circumstances just happening randomly -LRB- which does not make as much sense -RRB- . To me , these were the biggest changes to previous games , but they were improvements.Aside from the above changes , the basics of the game remain the same , and it will look familiar to those who have played other editions . A few things have been updated , particularly some aspects concerning Native Americans and some geography , but the good times still keep rolling .
 This is , of course , a classic , and even with all the added multi-media bells and whistles added in this version , the game is fundamentally the original Oregon Trail concept . I enjoyed watching my kids learning about the game and the trail ; it particularly caught the fancy of my fifth grader . Overall , it is a user friendly , educational game that is easy to use . The `` violence '' is neither graphic nor gratuitious , but just an illustration of the historical difficulties of life on the trail.One of the game 's biggest advantages is just how familiar many of us `` old '' folks are with the game , since that can be the basis for good conversations and interactions . I 'd particularly recommend this as a good game for less computer saavy adults with computer saavy kids.This edition did seem to use a moderately high level of system resources , and worked best on our more up-to-date PC . While the `` system requirements '' do not seem particularly high in the program 's technical details , I 'd recommend avoiding this version if you have an older , slower computer system .
 I have Windows XP and the game downloaded fine on my computer.This game is very accurate . It does a great job of gently reflecting the racism during the time . But by no means does it encourage racism ! It mentions people buying their way out of slavery , the California Gold Rush , etc. . It even has the Chinese building the transcontinental railroad ! All these details show that the people who developed this game really knew their history.The game also gave great realistic information for anyone who wanted to survive the Oregon trail . The player can learn about the variety of animals to pull a wagon , how to cross a river , about different species of fish and plants , etc.The game was a lot of fun . But it was actually pretty short . The increase in features from older versions may have led to decrease in playing time.I would definitely recommend for any parent to buy this for his/her kid .
 This game offers a fun learning experience for boys and girls . They do n't realize they are learning math , geography , and history because it is in game format . The graphics are good . The game is easy to understand . I would recommend for ages 8 and up .
 My 23 year old loved this one when he was younger , so when I saw they 'd updated it , I got it for my 14 year old . He plays it a lot and really enjoys the challenging obstacles the pioneers have to overcome . I love that he 's playing a game that involves problem solving instead of splattering alien guts . It 's a good game for his younger brother and sisters to play & / or watch , too .
 This game is one of the greatest !!! I played this in my school and it was only the 3rd version but so wat it 's still very good . You will get to be whatever you want to be and this will all impact your trip . You will pick your own supplies and tools . For parents who want a game which teaches history , provides choice-making problems , and is all fun at the same time , This is your game !!!
 The Oregon Trail is no disappointment to people who want a challenging , fun game ! The graphics are solid and the begginning is fun , but the middle is the best . If you want to relive the Sims mixed with problem solving geography , and also even history involved , this is the game for you . Highly reccomended !
 I purcheshed Oregon Trail 5th edition to long ago to remember the exact time , but it is a really great buy . In this game , you are a pioneer that gets to set out on the oregon trail to make a new life for yourself . The game starts off by you filling in information about yourself like your name , what year you 're leaving , where you 're starting and going -LRB- depending on the year , you may have different choices -RRB- , and who 's coming with you . Then , you much purchace all the sublies that you need . I reccmond getting the basic subbly package and adding on to that . And the the hardest part is over ! Now you can set off on the Oregon Trail.Just like our pioneer ansesters , you get to hunt , fish , collect plants , and trade as often as you like . You also need to check your supplies often to know when you need to do these things . Also , one of your party -LRB- people coming along with you -RRB- may get sick , and you 'll need to treat them as well as you can.Along the way , you 'll see landmarks that our ansesters also saw , and you 'll have to think quick when crossing rivers so that you 're wagon doues n't tip over . Also , you 'll periodically see video clips of the Mogramy Family 's journey . These clips will give you history , insite , and tips about the Oregon Trail . And sometimes , they 're just quite fun to watch!You alos have a diary . It fills itself with a little information almost every day , but you can make small entrys , too.Overall , DO NOT rent this game . It is too good for that . Instead , buy it right away . ~ S.J.M.
 I was very pleased with the product and the quick delivery time . Thank you very much !
 If u bought all of the other Oregon trails you 'll already know how fun this one is going to be because i bought all the games they are excellent . Many people at my school were talking about it . My teacher thought the third one was the best.I hope this one is the best of the rest.And please order it.Thank u !
 Fast shipping-very , very , very fast . Get doing business with , look forward to dealing with this company in the near future . Thanks
 I am homeschooling my boys while we are overseas . I was looking for something to teach my 3rd grader about the Oregon Trail . My 6th grade now fights over time on this game . They both love it , I hope they are learning something !
 I was worried that this game would n't be the same one , but it is ! I do n't know what goes on with the other versions , but this one has some cut scenes that you can easily skip if those are n't your thing . It has all the basic gameplay , with some people challenging you to races to the next town and all that good stuff . Overall , highly satisfied with this purchase .
 My son has had a ball using this product . It 's interesting and allows for a lot of creativity and funs .
 I LOVE PLAYING OREGON TRAIL ITS SO MUCH FUN I PLAY IT WITH MY FREINDS ALL THE TIME
 This is a wonderful game . It teaches more valuable lessons while learning about the historical oregontrail . In addition it 's fun . Any child or adult would enjoy this game .
 I played it in school and I 'm getting it real soon!Don ' t miss out on buying it NOW !
 A fine buy , but a high shipping cost , considering the price of the item .
 I love this game . It 's different every time !
 I do n't have this game yet but I 've played other versions -LRB- I II -RRB- . I do n't know what to expect but I think it will be just a good ! If not , better !
 This is n't the same as the original game -LRB- Oregon Trail 1 -RRB- . It is the same game as Oregon Trail II . That is where some people are getting confused . Many people think that Oregon Trail II was the first one , but it was n't . Anyway , this is the exact same game as Oregon Trail II .
 I 'm a 9 year old boy and I like Oregon Trail . You learn a lot about the trail and life on it . You learn the hard life of sickness , snake bites , gunshots , fishing , double - teaming the animals , gathering , hunting , bear and cougar injuries in the process of hunting , and shopping and trails . I like going to salt lake city insted of Oregon City because I can never make it to Oregon . I always die of starvation , frostbite or accidental gunshot when I 'm the captain of the wagon train . . At first I always used oxen and went hunting all the time , but after I learned to fish and gather I always did that and I swithed to horses insted ox . Thanks to the Oregon trail game , I 've learned what the hard life was like on the Oregon Trail .
 I purchased 2 of these games to give as prizes . They camed within a timely manner , however the jewel case on one was cracked . Otherwise , I 'm pleased with the purchase .
 My 8 year old son , who is in 3rd grade , played it in school . He wanted it so we bought it . We had him read the guide before he could play it . I read it also and I learned a few things also , such as the advantages and disadvantages of various draught animals , the pace of travel so as not to overwork the animals , the type of wagon most suitable for the trail , etc. . One of the minuses is that `` OT5.exe '' file on my copy was old and had a bug in it -LRB- the file was dated 2001 -RRB- . It would n't run until I found a newer file over the Internet and used it instead .
 I first played this game years ago and loved it . Lost my game and have been searching for a replacement ever since . I was very happy to find Oregon Trail , and even happier with the price . My game was delivered qucikly and in good shape . I recommend Amazon to anyone .
 Great learning game , but also fun ! My five-year-old plays it with help , my 8 and 9 year olds play it together , and I must admit , I like it too ! This edition has a lot more options than the last one , and the graphics are considerably better . And it 's now one disk which is really nice . We did this as part of a homeschool lesson plan , and the only reason I rated it 4 stars is because the learning application was a little limited , but as a safe , family-friendly , fun , and somewhat educational experience -LRB- hey , my daughter is now quite the big game hunter ! -RRB- , it 's five stars all around .
 My kids were driving me crazy about buying this game . When we finally received it , we had a problem with the New York font on the Mac but we finally were able to get the software to work on one of our older PC 's . It 's a little bit of a dose of the harsh realities of the lives of the pioneers , but fun all the same . It 's hard to stop because you really want to make it to the West coast.My son is eight and pretty tough , but I would n't recommend it for kids who are much younger .
 I have used this game , and enjoyed it , for many years , but needed a replacement recently . By the time I got the replacement , my computer had crashed , and I got a new HP PC , with Windows 7 ... and ca n't use the game I just purchased , because it needs to be a 64-bit game . I really hope Oregon Trail 5 will come out in 64-bits , soon !
 It 's a fun game to play if you have , I do n't know , about 45 minutes to do nothing with . Hunting is fun , and you get a real sense of accomplishment once you win , so you should get it . Definitely meant for kids aged 8-10 .
 Purchased this game for my husband who had positive memories of playing it in grade school . He enjoyed the chance to play it again , this time with more realistic graphics in the 5th version .
 Loved this game as a child and still like to play . This game is a little different from the one I played years ago , but enjoy this game too .
 Game is fun and Challenging . Always something new , and there are a variety of Items Events , and so on . Easy to play , as well . Fun to Keep Diary entries .
 I really liked this game , because it was E-Z to play for begainers and then got really hard , so it made it fun to play again and again . The game was sent to me very fast and was just what they said it was .
 My son -LRB- 7 yrs old -RRB- and I play this game and we love it . It is alot of fun and very educational . We studied about the Oregon Trail and I bought this game afterwards to help him better understand what he was learning . He now knows more than the lessons we discussed .
 I have been looking for this game since I was a little kid and I played it at school . I absolutely love this game for some reason . It was way ahead of its time . Kind of like an early traveling `` sims '' game . Anyways , I got a good deal on the cd and the quality was great . I even found a mac version for my girlfriend because I knew she would love it too , being a `` sims '' fan . Great purchase , cheap price , and good quality .
 This game is fun and reminds me of elementary school . It 's really cheap as well . The game plays out like it used to , you buy supplies at independence and then you hit the trail and try to make it all the way to Oregon .
 I was very satisfy with the order but the game was kind of so so . The old version was a lot better .
 Wow , when the reviews I 'd read said it was an update of Oregon Trail 2 , they were n't kidding . It is almost exactly the same , with a few great updates -LRB- the fishing and gathering options , as well as the story of the Montgomery family -RRB- . I really enjoy this game , and always have . I think they probably could have done a bit more improving on the old version 2 , but I 'll still play with great enjoyment very often .
 I was very happy with this game - it took the bets parts of the previous Oregon Trail incarnations and wove them together for a good overall product . I can appreciate a company which recognizes both the weaknesses and the strengths of their products and uses this information to get better . In this Oregon Trail you can once again chose how many you will travel with and name them -LRB- for some crazy reason this feature was eliminated in the 4th Oregon Trail edition -RRB- , but you can also CHOOSE the times you stop to collect wild fruit or fish , instead of these circumstances just happening randomly -LRB- which does not make as much sense -RRB- . To me , these were the biggest changes to previous games , but they were improvements.Aside from the above changes , the basics of the game remain the same , and it will look familiar to those who have played other editions . A few things have been updated , particularly some aspects concerning Native Americans and some geography , but the good times still keep rolling .
 This is the same game that many of us enjoyed in middle school . This version is just a more updated version.I just wanted to let people know that this version DEFINITELY works on Windows XP . I use that operating system . The only thing I had to do was download a quick fix patch , and it worked perfectly . I got the information from the manufacturer 's website . Here is the link to it
 It seems to be true that they did n't put much money on this game , but money is n't everything and I disagree when people talk about lack of creativity . In spite of being `` just an upgrade from version 2 '' - BTW , the best version so far , the new version brings movies that are great . They enhanced the game enormously with a huge amount of historical content . My son loved it , he is playing it all the time , and I know that he is really learning with it ; after all , every time you play is a different story!Although some of the art looks kind of old , the game is much bigger and better than most of the games being released now , its new interface functions very well and have some new activities too - besides hunting , you can fish and gather plants ! In my opinion , it was money well spent !
 We have windows XP Pro and have only occasional problems running the game . When we have problems , we reboot the computer immediately before we play the game . Do n't know why , but it works . We love this game so much that we play it as a family ... the little one hunts and fishes , the older one buys supplies and treats diseases . I love it that my kids are REALLY learning about history , geography , problem solving , botany , medicine , even some math ! The game has given us a springboard for learning and talking about so many of the issues related to westward expansion . Highly recommend it .
 I played this game with my niece about a year ago . It 's a wonderful update of OT2 , though I miss a few features of the classic , e.g. , the versatility of the trades . I like the ability to fish and gather instead of hunting all the time . That is esp important for kids who have coordination problems . The only downside -LRB- if you do n't like `` cheats '' -RRB- is that you seem to be able to catch an unlimited amount of fish and gather an unlimited amount of fruit and vegetables . But gathering helps teach kids to recognize different plants and look up which ones are edible and fishing allows kids to learn about the different fish along the trail . It 's a fun way to learn.My niece liked the cartoons and the Montgomery family . Reading their journal and keeping her own added a lot for her.You can save the game but have to leave the town , just like in earlier versions . If you do n't really want to leave , just `` leave '' , save the game , and return to your starting town -LRB- e.g. , Independance -RRB- . Losing a day is rarely significant.One significant problem noted by other reviewers is that you have to load some older software or reconfigure display options in order for this game to run well on many computers . At least that was true a year or so ago.Another problem is that the documentation is sparse . E.g. , You learn that you can save your shopping by trial and error
 I 'm just putting in my 2 cents to contradict the previous reviewer ... this version is totally different than the earliest version he is remembering . Quite sophisticated , teaches history and some natural science in an engaging video format .
 I am a 12 year old girl and I dont really like history so when I played this game last year in school I thought it would be boring . I was by far wrong . It does have realistic events -LRB- like the wagon tipping over , choices on how to cross a river and go down hills etc -RRB- but it is mainly action and trying to make it to oregon -LRB- or where ever else you are going -RRB- . I was pleasantly surprised with this game and bought it . You can choose the names and ages of your passengers as well as your wagon , job , year and destination . I played an earlier version in school and they arent very different but this one is a little more updated and you can also hunt and fish . It is easy to download and it only takes a few minutes . This game is the best computer game I have ever played and I hope the producers come out with a 6 ` th one .
 I grew up on this game , and the fact that I found this version which still works on some Operating Systems -LRB- I think I have VISTA -RRB- is pretty awesome . It 's got all the great features of the originals , with some added graphics and a cool story line . Also you can choose where to begin your trip , where to end it , so you might take the oregon trail , or the santa fe trail , or even the mormon trail , there 's alot of cool options , so if you have kiddo , or if you played it as a kid , your going to enjoy it .
 The Oregon Trail , 5th EditionThe game is really cool and my kids like it very much . The only disadvantage is , that when you have only newer Mac 's -LRB- do not know with windows -RRB- that you wo n't be able to play the game , as even the fifth edition is an older version , because the New York Font , that is required for the game is no longer available in the newer Mac 's . Downloading did n't work either .
 I bought this game for my son because he remembered it from elementary school . HE loves it and plays it all the time . Great game and lots of fun .
 I purchased this product for my 8 year old granddaughter for her birthday . She was delighted . I 'm 73 and was introduced to this game while visiting other grandchildren . I think it 's the best game out there for children ages 9-12 . They 're learning about history and making choices about their virtual lives - sort of like an 19th century Sims family . People dying abruptly while on the trail is a bit of a shock the first time it happens but it is quite realistic and we know that did actually happen . It was fun setting up the game with this child and I 'm sure she 'll have many interesting hours on the trail . I still play this game myself - most of the time I take family along but sometimes I take celebrities . Sharing a tent with George Clooney and Robin Williams for three months makes all the hard traveling worthwhile ! Last trip Robin died of dysentery near Chimney Rock but we gave him a proper funeral and went on ... I do wish The Learning Company would come out with a new edition , though . I 've gotten so I can avoid most of the hazards of the game over the years .
 As a former Oregon teacher , I used this game many times over the years . It was so much fun for the students , they did n't realize that they were gaining critical thinking skills and learning about pioneer life.Now I have given it to my grandchildren and they are enjoying the challenge of getting to the end of the trail . My 10 yr . old granddaughter just called to tell me she was doing great buying supplies until she realized she had no money left to buy oxen to pull the wagon ! The fun continues !
 We received Oregon Trail within a few days of ordering it . My children love playing this computer game .
 I used to play an older addition of this game years ago . Loved it then and totally love it now ! It is a great deal of fun and I love the graphics of this addition .
 My college student daughter wanted it for Christmas . She played an older version -LRB- 3rd edition -RRB- when she was in elementary school and wanted to bring back old memories . She was thrilled and has really enjoyed playing with it . She said she had more fun playing with it than anything she did while home over the holidays . I am so glad I got it . It was an excellant price and I am ordering another one for a neighbor .
 My daughter is enthralled with this game . She enjoys making the decisions necessary to successfully navigate the Oregon Trail .
 This is a great simulation that teaches kids about life on the Oregon Trail and decision-making skills . I highly recommend it .
 We had the original version of this game , and it was one of my kids ' favorites . We upgraded to get a copy that runs under Windows XP . My kids also love this version of the game . There are more options for play than in the original version of the game , and everything seems to work well . I feel it was well worth the purchase price .
 I love the game ! It 's very realistic and fun . But sometimes when I play it , I never get past the original city to get my supplies . DO NOT follow what your trail guide says about getting suplies . You always end up getting too much . When your out on the trail , make sure you have a gun and the stuff you need to work it , fishing gear , and plenty of vegetables . When you run out of meat , you 'll need to hunt a lot . Be sure to gather a lot too . Especially right before winter , you ca n't gather then .
 Great game for anyone who is interested in pionerr times . And it 's fun too
 I was very happy with this game - it took the bets parts of the previous Oregon Trail incarnations and wove them together for a good overall product . I can appreciate a company which recognizes both the weaknesses and the strengths of their products and uses this information to get better . In this Oregon Trail you can once again chose how many you will travel with and name them -LRB- for some crazy reason this feature was eliminated in the 4th Oregon Trail edition -RRB- , but you can also CHOOSE the times you stop to collect wild fruit or fish , instead of these circumstances just happening randomly -LRB- which does not make as much sense -RRB- . To me , these were the biggest changes to previous games , but they were improvements.Aside from the above changes , the basics of the game remain the same , and it will look familiar to those who have played other editions . A few things have been updated , particularly some aspects concerning Native Americans and some geography , but the good times still keep rolling .
 My son absolutely loves this game . It is a great break from the same old video games . He actually learns as he plays .
 I find this to be a great educational game for children and well as older people . It provides a simulation of what life was like in search of land on the west side of the Mississippi River . I recommend this as both an educational game and allows you to plan strategically .
 I love thiw game . It is challenging and teaches history and practical skills as well . Beats shoot ` um up games .
 Did n't mind buying this game for my son . He loves it , and has learned more about the Oregon trail than I thought possible from a video game .
 Product was shipped right away . It arrived even before I expected . Great transaction , would not hesitate to use them again !!!
 My fiancee and I ordered this game because we remembered playing it as kids in school . The ordering process was easy and we recieved our product quickly .
 Excellent game . The whole family loves it . Not only fun , but very educational as well . Every time you start , it 's an entirely different experience . I would recommend it to everyone !
 Great game played it as a kid myself but it 's evolved to be a better more exciting game for my 2 boys I 've even played it myself . WONDEFULL CHOICE For YOUNG KIDS
 I bought it for my boyfriend , and he could not be happier . If you liked the original , you will like Oregon Trail 5th Ed .
 Great game for kids and adults alike . History , Geography and fun all wrapped into one .
 My kids ages 7 and 9 have learned more by playing this game than they would have in a book ! They LOVE it ! Warning
 Oregon Trail 5 is a refreshing change from the violent computer games . It 's a lot of fun , and challenging too .
 The kids and I had fun playing the game . It 's educational and fun at the same time . It makes you try to think and plan ahead . There are some tough choices to be made in order to survive .
 This was purchased for my son . He would play this game all day if we would let him . He loves the way he is in charge of the group of people and that their fate is in his hands . He says it is like the people are real , they can become ill , get bitten by a snake -LRB- if not careful -RRB- , drown if not careful when crossing streams/rivers . It 's the next best thing to being there . I would highly recommend this game to anyone and for the price , it 's a great learning experience for kids of all ages .
 Great game , gives real life situations and consequences and every game is a new learning experience with new opportunity to learn and grow on the Oregon Trail
 I had to search the internet high and low to find the New York 18 font for my mac . While searching I found out that I was not the only one with this problem . So it seems this is a problem with the product and not your computer . They did not take into account people who have updated computers . Once I got the font loaded onto my computer the game was great ! It 's a great product if you have the font .
 This is a classic game that was created for computers much older than we use now , give it a break . The reason i purchased was a trip down memory lane and so my little one could experience it . It has a few problems here and there but it was $ 8 .
 We enjoyed this game with our kids and have reordered this update in duplicate for grand kids studying the westward movement ... . an enjoyable way to think , interact and learn !
 I have Windows XP home edition and this game works great ! I have all versions of this game from verson two on up , and I love them all ! I must have played this game 100 times by now ! The batering system is also very neat . I ca n't understand why people think this is hard , I am 14 and can do it perfectly .
 Some discussion online about compatibility with Vista . Worked first time out of the box . Continues to work well . Great delivery from seller .
 I love the game ! It 's very realistic and fun . But sometimes when I play it , I never get past the original city to get my supplies . DO NOT follow what your trail guide says about getting suplies . You always end up getting too much . When your out on the trail , make sure you have a gun and the stuff you need to work it , fishing gear , and plenty of vegetables . When you run out of meat , you 'll need to hunt a lot . Be sure to gather a lot too . Especially right before winter , you ca n't gather then .
 When i bought this game i absolutely ADORED it . It was hard to get to oregon city , but it was so fun ! the tunes were catchy and it was n't very boring . I hated when it would say `` starvation '' and then i would get PLENTY of food , and it would say `` a turn for the worse '' and my people would die -LRB- and sometimes including me ! -RRB- but it was still a really good game . But then ... i wanted to play it SO BAD so i put it in the computer and it said it was too old to play on my mac computer ! I was so mad .
 This game was purchased for one member of the family but quickly became the families favorite for time spent on the computer . My 13 old son even gave up Star Wars for awhile to make the trek to Oregon several times . The mix of history and forcing the player to plan the trip made this game fun and educational . This was well worth the small cost of the of the game .
 The kids love playing it at the public library so when I got it for our home they were excited . They love playing it and my husband does too . It teaches them strategy , economics , budgeting and alot more without `` gory violence '' like in video games .
 I remember playing this game in school !! I loved it then and the newer , interactive version is very nice too .
 I like the game because of the suspense and the game play . But every time you play it literally it is the same . It is a very fun game but I think the learning company should mix up the route you travel or whatever to make it more suspenseful .
 This game brings back a lot of memories thanks so much for the item I bought from you ttfn laters
 Loved this classic , got it for family play since parents need to be teachers more and more these days and I always enjoyed this game as a kid myself . Hated need for disc at every use -LRB- one disc not enough for more than one computer -RRB- and auto internet spamming . We have to use the company 's opening program that seems set up to use all their programs , so since we only have the one we have to sift through ads for all the others to get to the only one we have . Upsets me its not just the game you download but have to take all the promos for the company too but the game was still worth it . Same as the classic but has a storyline now too which you can click past if you want but the little ones like to hear it.New way to fish , and the gathering option -LRB- as in gathering wild edibles -RRB- has helped me teach a new aspect of the oregon trail
 My daughter really enjoys playing this game and we enjoy playing with her . It really teaches alot of valuable life lessons . The only problem we had was with the journal . When we clicked on the journal we got stuck inside of it . We could n't find the option to back out . We finally decided to go back and start all over again .
 I got this game because Iremembered how much fun it was to play it ... I got it to take me back down memory lane ...
 I wish there were more history games like this . My kids love it . It is buggy . The trick is to save the file often so you do n't lose all your hard travelin ' work .
 This game is exactly like the one I remember playing in elementary school . Game was in perfect condition and working order .
 Some aspects of the game were better . My 11 year old beat it pretty quickly , but had a lot of fun with it . I still like the 3rd edition better , but it was something new and it was fun ! No regrets !
 My family , old and young , enjoy this game very much . I recommend this game .
 My fiance was talking about how this was her favorite game as a child . She does n't play many computer games and I do , so I installed this for her . She absoultely loves it : -RRB- Great memories of playing it in elementry school . Great for all ages
 Great game for elementary/middle school students . Lots of fun with options to gather food or hunt . Teaches money management when you need to purchase or barter goods , and decision making when you need to rest for the day . Fun events come such as a new town , a river that has to be crossed , or someone catches something , and you have to find a cure . Very fun for those ages , not recommended for anyone older .
 I am very satisfied with this product . It arrived on time in the mail . The disc was in perfect condition , and installed easily on my old PC . I recommend this to anyone looking for a copy of Oregan Trail 5 .
 I purchased the game recieved it today to learn that not only does this not work on my computer or any computer older then 2008 but There is No Customer Service it went out of bissness in 2005
 I got this game a couple years ago for Christmas because my parents knew how much I love pioneers and the Little House series . Well , I still think this game is the greastest ! Hope The Learning Company make more of these !
 I was very happy with this game - it took the bets parts of the previous Oregon Trail incarnations and wove them together for a good overall product . I can appreciate a company which recognizes both the weaknesses and the strengths of their products and uses this information to get better . In this Oregon Trail you can once again chose how many you will travel with and name them -LRB- for some crazy reason this feature was eliminated in the 4th Oregon Trail edition -RRB- , but you can also CHOOSE the times you stop to collect wild fruit or fish , instead of these circumstances just happening randomly -LRB- which does not make as much sense -RRB- . To me , these were the biggest changes to previous games , but they were improvements.Aside from the above changes , the basics of the game remain the same , and it will look familiar to those who have played other editions . A few things have been updated , particularly some aspects concerning Native Americans and some geography , but the good times still keep rolling .
 Both my son & I started playing Version 1 -LRB- which is great for kids -RRB- , but the graphics are n't great . Version 2 gives you more options , and I get to shop and keep a budget . Shooting food & steering down the rapids is more fun also . Versions 3 & 4 were more complicated because of more choices -LRB- who will you chose to be in your wagon , fishing , trading & plant gaithering -RRB- . There 's 3 disks with 3 & 4 and NO LEGEND -LRB- highscore list -RRB- , but you do get to chose what you want to trade . VERSION 5 IS 1 DISK , but you can FISH , HUNT , GAITHER PLANTS , SHOP , TRADE -LRB- their choice -RRB- & log your high scores . Start out as a green horn ; continue as an expert trailguide . If you 're a farmer you do n't have much money & must budget your supplies & money , but your score is times 4.5 . While a banker has money , but really has to avoid the temptation of over loading his wagon . You can have 1 to 5 people ride in the wagon with you and you can name them or the computer will . When my son was under 11 , he had me start the game by buying the supplies , then he 'd take over . He loved the hunting and fishing . When I played the game I 'd call him over to finish it by `` riding the rapids '' -LRB- with his fast reflexes , better than me -RRB- . If you like making choices in a game this may be the game for you . Remember when gaithering plants the bright red berries are poisonous . If you have them for supper you die , game over . It helps to save your game before that happens , so if a mistake happens , you can exit and return .
 I was very happy with this game - it took the bets parts of the previous Oregon Trail incarnations and wove them together for a good overall product . I can appreciate a company which recognizes both the weaknesses and the strengths of their products and uses this information to get better . In this Oregon Trail you can once again chose how many you will travel with and name them -LRB- for some crazy reason this feature was eliminated in the 4th Oregon Trail edition -RRB- , but you can also CHOOSE the times you stop to collect wild fruit or fish , instead of these circumstances just happening randomly -LRB- which does not make as much sense -RRB- . To me , these were the biggest changes to previous games , but they were improvements.Aside from the above changes , the basics of the game remain the same , and it will look familiar to those who have played other editions . A few things have been updated , particularly some aspects concerning Native Americans and some geography , but the good times still keep rolling .
 As much as you can call a CD-ROM game a classic , Oregon Trail is such . It was one of the first extended play CD games to make good use of the computer over the video game console . So far , it has been through five versions . The second was such an improvement over the first , that users may have had extremely high expectations for the next several versions of the game , but there has never been the leap in graphics or play options since the jump from one to two.However , the smoothness of play , and the speed of the game have improved with each version . While five does n't have the options that four had , and is in some ways a rehash of the second version , it is still the best . Four had too many bugs and glitches . If you have never played Oregon Trail , or have played only one of the first two versions , I would reccomend five over the other available versions -LRB- all are available used through Amazon.com -RRB- . If you have never played Oregon Trail , at all , you are missing out ; OT is a simulation of the journey made in the 1840 's by so many Americans from the Mid-West to California . Even though the game is simple , the harshness and difficulty of the journey communicate unmistakably . It is a wonderful simulation . Kids will play it over and over without realizing it 's `` educational , '' and adults wo n't care.This is a great game .
 amazon was the only retailer that had a listing for this program that included a mention that it would run on Vista . Even the manufacturer told me via email that they could n't say if it ran on Vista or not . Given Amazon 's good return policy , I decided to order it and give it a try . There are a number of different `` versions '' listed , all 5th edition but this one on Amazon said `` Vista '' in the write up . Sure enough , the disc came and the jewel case blurb only mentions XP . But , I went ahead and tried loading it and it loaded and now runs on my Dell Inspiron Vista operating system computer without any problems so far . Hope it works for you !
 Although it says it will run on Mac OS X , it really does n't . It requires a font called New York 18 that is only available on Mac OS . -_-
 This game definitely brought back memories for me . I remember playing this game in 5th grade ! Though I would prefer the original version with the Apple Computer , this game holds up its name . The graphics are a lot better and it 's interesting to see the characters talk and give advice . I 'm glad I got myself a copy again . All my friends were excited and wanted to play it too !
 Good for ages 5 -LRB- with help -RRB- to adult . Yes , you cought me , I have traveled the trail many times and loved every minute of it . It is a good game to play with the kids .
 I have Oregon Trail 1 , 2 , and 5 . Version 1 was wicked boring and you could not treat anyone who got a disease . Plus u never made it to Oregon . It almost crashed my friends computer ! -LRB- She has Windows 98 -RRB- Plus the music was just ... depressing . I recommend this for someone who ddoesnt mind losing all the time.Version 2 crashed on my computer -LRB- I have Windows ME -RRB- , and my friends computer . If it ever started , everyone would die like right away . And it played really creepy music when someone died . My sister cried and it gave me the shivers . Of course , you would never make it to Oregon or even Great Salt Lake City before you die or get fired . This one , maybe 14 and up?Version 5 is the best . It was a lot more stable on both of our computers -LRB- mine and my friends -RRB- and was really fun . I could make it to Great Salt Lake City and Sacramento but not Oregon . It did n't crash , everyone would just die before you even got to Fort Hall . My younger brother could make it though . Ages 7-107 .
 If you have a MAC with OSX or newer ... you will need to download a font to make sure that the program runs . If you can not get the font , you will be unable to run this program . I searched and hunted for a download of this font and finally found it here :[ ... -RSB- Make sure you are able to download font
 My children played this game in school and wanted to bring it home . Although some of the characters you create face adversity along the way and some may perish the game shows kids and adults what it was like to travel west in the early days .
 I love this game , it is an updated version of the one I used to play in Elementary School . It is more animated and much more fun .
 If u bought all of the other Oregon trails you 'll already know how fun this one is going to be because i bought all the games they are excellent . Many people at my school were talking about it . My teacher thought the third one was the best.I hope this one is the best of the rest.And please order it.Thank u !
 I want to buy this for my kids new computer , but I need to know if it works with xp thank you
 This is a great game that provides hours of entertainment for people of all ages .
 WHAT A WONDERFUL GAME PEOPLE DIE YOU HUNT YOU FISH YOU TRAVEL YOU GATHER YOU TRADE BEST GAME EVER BUY IT IF YOU ARE COOL
 My 6 yr . old and I have enjoyed the game so far . It is a difficult for him as he is a visually impaired child . But with my assistance he is doing ok . James is very much a Scooby fan . It was all I could do to talk him out of naming the new dog Scooby . We did name her after the Golden Retriever on Alian Invaders . I was very glad to see this game on the store shelves at Christmas and the price was good as well . We have yet to find a coin to play the game in the Pizza Parlor but I am confident we will sucseed . Thanks for the chance to voice my opinion .
 This game is one of our favorites of the Scooby Doo Computer games . My son has played this one repeatedly over and over and now his little brother -LRB- age 5 -RRB- is playing it.This game is probably good for children starting at about age 5 with an adults help to understand some of the puzzles and on up to about age 9 . You child will have to catch Scooby snacks , solve puzzles ; such as matching rugs , and run from monsters . It mirrors what a Scooby Doo Show has in it and yet it is interactive.Well worth the money for mystery lovers who are between the ages of 5-9 . Enjoy .
 We borrowed several of the Scooby Doo Case File games from our local library . I was trying to decide whether to purchase them . My son is a HUGE Scooby fan , so I figured if the games are easy enough for a 3 year old and can hold his attention then I 'd buy them.First , the graphics and voices are true to the tv show , so this game really holds my son 's attention . I like that there are 3 levels of difficulty . We stuck to the `` spooky '' -LRB- easy -RRB- level.The main menu screen puts the gang in the middle of Egypt . They can basically go in 3 different directions to explore
 We have had the Jinx at the Sphinx for a year now . My 6 and 8 yr old sons both still enjoy it ! There is some learning , a mystery to solve , and three levels of challenge to choose from , so the game grows with your child . I 'm very pleased with it , and I am going to buy another Learning Company Scooby Doo game as soon as I 'm done writing this review!Scooby - Doo
 This is so cooooooooooool ! I just played SCOOBY DOO JINX AT THE SPHIX for the 100th time and it rocked me out ! I love SCOOBY DOO a lot !
 AWFUL AND NO EDUCATIONAL VALUE FOR YOUR CHILDREN
 I purchased this game a couple of weeks ago for my daughter , who is almost five , and she loves playing it . It has different levels of difficulty and she is ecstatic that she has been able to solve the first level mystery so far . She needs a little bit of help with the reading parts , but she loves the matching games and the ones for scoring scooby snacks . She often plays with her Dad and they enjoy trying to solve the mysteries together . The only negative with the game is that the animation is a little jerky ; but , at her age , she does n't seem to mind .
 I bought this game for my daughter when she was six years old . She 's seven now and still loves it and the other Scooby games ! She especially enjoys the carpet matching game and the machine in the pizza place . I had to help her some with the math game at first , but now she is really beginning to understanding fractions !
 I got this game for my granddaughter who is almost 4 and a real Scooby Doo freak ! She loves it even thought some of it is beyond her understanding . Even at her level she can play with it and be totally entertained for a long time . She loves the graphics and action .
 Another outstanding learning software for youngsters ages 5 to 10 that is as much fun to play as it is instructive and skill building , Scooby-Doo Jinx Of The Sphinx takes the player on a trip to Egypt with Scooby and the gang as they visit the pyramids in Giza and find that Velma 's Egyptologist Cousin Thelma is missing -- and a mysterious mummy is frightening all the tourists away ! Players direct Scooby-Doo and his friends by telling them what to do and with whom to talk . Along the way there will be ghosts , puzzles , and thrilling adventures ! Featured are ten different puzzles and mystery solving activities that build critical thinking and research skills . The game can be played independently and offers three levels of difficulty . The mystery changes each time the game is played including new clues , different villains , and alternative outcomes . Scooby-Doo Jinx Of The Sphinx is strongly recommended for both family and classroom learning software collections .
 My kids ages 5 and 8 loved this game . It flows just like the cartoon show on TV , as we follow Scooby and the gang as they search for clues to solve the mystery . My kids had it completely solved in an hour or so , then played it a few more times to see the different clues and villains , and now they 're done with it -- not 24 hours since we brought it home ! They want to play the next two Scooby games now . `` If it had n't been for those meddling kids ... ''
 This was bought for my 4 yr old . He loved it . He needed some help with simple math , on the fishing boat , and reading some signs . Other wise he is independant with this game . He has all the Scoobydoo CD-ROM games and he plays with them all equally .
 I did n't pay close enough attention to the product description before ordering ... I needed it for my Mac OSX . As soon as I saw the Windows logo on box I went `` oops . '' Gave it to my Son-in-law , I 'll let him dub the old home movies to DVD instead !
 As someone who owns a lot of video tapes of TV shows and home movies from over the years , I can easily say it was time to put a lot of these things onto DVD and get myself updated to the latest media formats before time does a number on all of the tapes I have laying around . I did n't own anything but a video capture card and a lot of tapes to convert so once I started my search I saw there were many options out there much to my surprise . But most were less then great to put it lightly.I searched and tried out a lot of other programs that promised to convert VHS -- > DVD easily and all claiming that the process was easy to do and with little trouble . Yeah right . If only ... I went through various programs and devices all with very sub par results . Some programs would n't even work with the capture card I had , some were just down right confusing and another just had no options at all to alter the video you are putting into the program . It was quite frustrating and annoying going through all of these would be programs with very little meeting for satisfying results.Finally I decided to try something that sounded too good to be true . Using the USB port and a hub that would allow you to plug in the video and audio ports from a VCR into it and convert it for you simply in real time onto a disk . I really could n't believe it would be that easy . Other programs which were much more expensive promised an easy process and were n't able to do it . But I figured it was my last chance to get rid of all of these tapes I have and to give it a try.Well , finally I found the real deal . This not only makes putting VHS onto DVD a breeze , it does it with no middle steps . While the video is playing on the screen it is loading onto a DVD processing at the same time . So while you have the data you want transfered playing it is already being burned on the disk.And the quality is at your control too . If you want to fit more of the tape on you can lower the quality a bit but even at the lowest quality setting the picture is very clear and accurate . There are also custom menu selection screens you can add and music options to add into the menu 's before you even process the disk . Everything is already set up and fine tuned before you push that final process button . It could n't be easier.Finally something that is the real deal . If you have a lot of tapes or a video camera that has tapes just waiting to be put onto DVD this is the device to get . The price is reasonable and the ease of use is better then anything I have ever experienced . Never would I have imagined that using the USB port would give such an in sync processed DVD.The only drawbacks I can see is that you pretty much have to pre scan your tapes and know how long the moments you want will be and have everything ready to go before you start the process . There is a point of no return policy in place here that once you start the program and put the DVD in , you are commited to using that DVD to finish the movie . So if you make a mistake and did n't have all you wanted on the disk or tape then you pretty much have to start over with a brand new DVD making the processed one worthless . This is all real time so what you see and process is what you will have . No pausing and no editing after the process starts . So have the tape sorted through before time so you have an idea of what and how much will be going onto the DVD you are making . The moment you stop the process or the time limit you set ends that is it . The DVD will be made exactly like that . So there is a draw back to the real time method that you will have to work around if you are used to editing things and having time to make changes to the mpg before final process.Overall I have been very pleased with this product . It makes the transfer situation I had to deal with a joy and already I have gone through a dozen tapes to DVD with out a problem with any of them . This truly is the simplest and easiest way to get your video libraries onto DVD or to get those 2 year old camcorder tapes processed once and for all . Pinnacle has produced a fine product here and I thank them for making it so easy and affordable to do.Say good bye to those VHS tapes now thanks to this easy to use product . This is 5 stars all the way easily .
 I recently transferred all my VHS tapes to my laptop to burn . It was great and a whole lot cheaper than paying -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks per cassette.When I first got it , I had trouble getting the driver off the website -LRB- I have Windows 7 BTW -RRB- . But I just called the support number that was on a card that came in the box and the guy walked me through setting it up . He also emailed me the link to the driver for Windows 7 since I had trouble finding it on the site.After that , it was smooth sailing . I inserted the cassettes into my VHS player on the TV and connected my Dazzle thing to the TV on one end and USB to laptop on the other . Then I played the VHS tapes and hit `` record '' on the laptop and just let the whole video play . I did this for all my VHS tapes . I also had some footage on those camcorder tapes so I connected the dazzle to the video camera and recorded from there as well as the mini tapes played.The process was really easy for me . The annoying part of the process did n't even have to do with anything related to the product . editing on Windows Movie maker was annoying and saving as DVD took forever . Actually burning to the DVD -LRB- I used Windows software for this as well -RRB- took even longer . But now that I 'm all done converting , I 'll let all my friends use it for their tapes and such and then see if I can sell it.I would definitely recommend this product ! I went around looking for quotes to get my DVDs made by sending them out and the prices were ridiculous . This process took a long time -LRB- Around 2 days per cassette if I really sat down and worked on it -RRB- , but I saved a lot of money . Just remember the DVDs will look just like the cassettes did , the quality will not get better.FYI I bought this at OfficeMax . I had a card that was $ 15 off a purchase of $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and this cost $ 49.99 , so I got it at about 35 bucks plus taxHere is link to driver for Windows 7
 This is a great seller . We had a problem with the DVD Maker that he sent , so he shipped us a second one immediately . It turned out to be a problem with our computer . We have returned one and happy with the other .
 The product arrived as promise . The product meets my needs that I could not find in the department store.Thank you .
 i 'm very satisfied with it . i was able , with the help of the online manual , to set it up just the way i wanted it .
 The latest version of AutoDesk 's winning software has several new features that make upgrading a must for current users . Improvements in file size and manage-ment , file sharing , and in the user interface make AutoCad more efficient to use for drafting and collaboration with the various members of your project team . -LRB- full review @ bytesector.com -RRB-
 I love this program . It was easy to use straight out of the box , and unlike other programs I have purchased -LRB- the print shop , and printmaster -RRB- the clipart is on the cd and can be put on your computer , so your computer is not constantly dialing up to get clipart from the web . This is great for those of us who still have dial-up and ca n't wait 5-10 minutes for all the clipart to decide to download.The downfall I see -LRB- I really miss American Greetings CreateACard and still have it loaded -RRB- is that you ca n't select multiple clipart items at a time . You have to pick one then re-open the library , and if you found the last piece by using the search , you have to reenter your search and pick the next one you wanted . It would be so much easier if you could hold the control key down and pick as many as you want in one shot.Overall , I think it is great .
 After using Deluxe Version3 for some time , we upgraded to 6.0 . There is a lot more stuff to enable you to produce very professional-looking cards . The reason for not giving top marks , is that the program still crashes occasionally when doing sizing of imported images .
 Great program ! You can export anything you work on as an image file so you can actually do scrapbooking with this product ! Cards & verses are excellent .
 This product has as in the past editions show to be an excellent product . I am very pleased to have it . I love to be creative .
 Works like a charm ! simply thats what i can say , i now manage my office macs remotely via vpn , very cool
 If you have more than one mac on a network , you have to get this . It allows for remote use of the mac . You can watch , teach , control , etc. . It also allows remote installation of programs . Any PC running VNC can also be accessed and controlled .
 This Deluxe Edition is the best than ever since I used several softwares from different company . Featuring two years worth of robust curriculum , Learn to Speak -LRB- tm -RRB- French Deluxe offers a convenient , comprehensive language study solution . Whether you 're planning a vacation , traveling for work , or just brushing up your skills for fun , the award-winning Learn to Speak -LRB- tm -RRB- program brings your goals within reach . Download lessons to your iPod -LRB- tm -RRB- or MP3 player and learn on the go!Features : * Over 50 lessons and hundreds of exercises representing 2 years ' worth of curriculum * Sophisticated speech recognition * Audio CD featuring coordinated lessons * IPOD -LRB- tm -RRB- and MP3 lessons for learning on-the-go * Printed reference book for learning away from the PC * PDA Dictionary with over * 15,000 translations * Printable grammar exercises * Flexible curriculum structure to customize your learning experience * Simulated conversations , cultural movies and games
 Filemaker Mobile was simply in the right place at the right time . While on the pc side , you can sync your palmos device with outlook , unless you buy Office 2001 , you can not do that on a mac with the provided software . Which did n't really matter , all our client records were in our filemaker database anyway . Filemaker mobile provided us with a way to take our contact infomation with us , versus manually imputing 900 records . Installation was simple , all it requires is that you specify what fields you want echoed on the mobile device . The next HotSync takes a bit longer , but worked well . 900 records of general contact infomation plus the app itself took up under 300k of memory.On the negative side , apparently , updates only work one way . So if the main database has a change , and the palm has a change , you have to duplicate a record and then manually re-edit . One-way updates work fine , either way you pick , although you do have to specify which database is the correct one . Also , because of the size of the screen , records in list form are centered , in that the title of the field is cut off on the left side . Minor problem , but can make reading similarly titled fields difficult.Altogether a nice application , with just minor issues .
 Premiere is EXTREMELY powerful.If you are new to video editing , do n't buy this program.Stability is completely based on the system you install it on . If premiere crashes , you bought cheap RAM or you have too little RAM or you bought your -LRB- ... -RRB- computer from someone who uses -LRB- ... -RRB- RAM because they know that you ca n't tell the difference.If you have problems with Premiere crashing , check adobe 's online problem solving data base . They offer something like 27 solutions to every crash there is.I solved my crash problems in 3 steps.This program is extrememly powerful and is worth every penny .
 It is true that Premiere does have some problems in crashing and other bugs that need to be fixed . But overall is is a very powerful and helpful program for video editing . And about the comments `` do n't get it if you 're a beginner '' , it 's all -LSB- bad -RSB- . Adobe has a very friendly interface . Of course you ca n't expect to have never used a video-editing software tool and become an expert as soon as you open it . You have to play around with it a little.Concerning the program , Premiere has exelent exporting encoders . There is virtually no decrease in quality if you do it right . Also there are numerous edit facilities in transactions , video and audio effects . And remember that there are many plug-ins for this video-editing software , so you can always buy more and expand your Premiere.About the system requirements , you have to ask yourself just how much of a profesional are you . Yes you can use a Pentium II with the minimum of 128 MB RAM , but then you 're talking about editing small things . Having tested it on a Penium III 800MHz / 256 SDRAM and an Athlon 900MHz / 256 SDRAM , I have come to realise that this is satisfactory for small edits such as home videos and video clips . But if the concern is about low-budget movies , you either need a very powerful computer system , or a video-editing card ... Also when editing video , it is usually edited in DV format for minimum quality loss . This means large amounts of HD storage.The upgrade 6.0 offers web facilities and better fire-wire capturing , which brings the program one step above what it was , as capturing in particular is perhaps the most important aspect in video editing.Wraping it up , I would recomend Adobe Premiere to any beginner who wants to become serious , as well as to the profesional who has a relatively low budget .
 I tried this product and it 's absolutley great . Premiere needed an upgrade and this works , the webpage features are great .
 This product works on many other OS 's besides 3.x . For example ... 95 , 98 , NT 4.0 , 2000 . FYI . This site does n't know what their doing !
 With this application and a suitably powerful computer you can create sophisticated videos that not too long ago would have taken about thirty thousand dollars to produce with tape machines , a vision mixer , and sundry peripherals.Premiere 6.0 can handle all the cut or transition edits , apply rolling titles / credits , and add soundtracks . The resulting production can then be exported to tape or a variety of computer files such as AVI , MPEG , QuickTime , and RealMedia . Premiere 6.0 can also work directly over fireWire with a DV machine for importing and exporting video . Very handy.The RealMedia export option is worth pursuing , since it &#8217; s the fastest to render out . On my Celeron 500 with 128 MB of RAM , a six minute clip takes about forty minutes to render an RM file , all the others taking about two hours and forty minutes . The RealMedia option does require a little bit of setting up to avoid disappointing video quality if you stick to it &#8217; s default selections ... My only real gripe is the sketchy help guide , with many pages too large for the viewing window . Why can &#8217; t the purveyors of PDF do a decent Acrobat manual like they do with that application , instead ? Go figure .
 Oh , i so wanted to give this program 5 stars . However , the glaring weakness that is the helpfile chops off a whole star . Considering my utter frustration as i plodded and plunked away trying to learn the program , i could have chopped off 2 stars for the aggravation . But I am not going to chop the whole tree down because of a few mushrooms growing on the side . Once you learn the program , it is a lot of fun . For us guys just trying to edit the family videos , its got more than enough features . If you want to go further , it has lots of other stuff though I will admit , im just in it to make cheesy little horror films with my buddies and edit the family videos . I ca n't speak for the professionals who do this for a living.But really , adobe , make the dam help file usefull . I had to go to some guys webpage to find out how to do cuts within individual clips . As it turns out , it is the easiest thing to do once you know the program but for someone new to the software or technologically challenged , you had better treat us with kid gloves and that means spell it out for me . I dont want to know all these long winded ways to get the job done when theres a one step solution to the problem . Dont get all wordy and hide the answer in a menagerie of techno babble ! For a begginner , all this jazz about in and out points and their ilk is nonsense . Just tell me where that razor button is and lets cut this clip.For someone new to digital video editing , this program can seem daunting and confusing . But stick with it . Once you get going , you 'd be suprised what you can do to the family videos . You can add music , adjust its volume in relation to the main audio , add effects , transitions , text , re-arrange parts of the video and compress the end product down so you can share with all your relatives who will marvel at your creativity.How much better or worse this is than other packages out there , I do n't know . This is the first one i got and i am happy with it ... now .
 I 'm not a techie , but I was disappointed that my DV camera was not fully supported by several other competiting video editing programs.With the release of Adobe Premiere 6.0 I was blown away at the DV camera support . It is way more extensive than any other product.With Adobe Premiere 6.0 , my DV camera and any generic IEEE-1394 -LRB- FireWire Card -RRB- I can grab DV files . With SpruceUp I can go from DV to DVD . Great product , great fun .
 Adobe Photoshop took me a while to get used to when I first got it , but learning to use Premiere was a lot easier though I 'm still learning . I would use it more often if it did n't take up so much RAM . After I upgraded my OS to Windows XP , I 've used Windows Movie Maker for my basic video editing needs . Recommended only if you 're in need of professionalism .
 I jut purchased my first editing program adobe premiere 6.0 and it 's really fun but ... . I was amazed that if you owned a pc that I could n't import music right off of a music cd . I have another program that came with the computer I purchased and it imports music cd 's just fine with out having to covert them to a wav file . I paid how much for premiere , and it ca n't do what this free program can ? Ca ` mon premiere lets step it up and add this wonderful feature .
 i use this program all the time , it is wonderfull , easy a/b editing , with tons of effects and lots of transitions !!!!!!! 1
 I really like this product!After using it for about a month now , I can truly say it has saved me a lot of time paying bills , doing payroll and creating invoices . Its simple , one-screen , tabbed layout makes learning and working with it fast . It has a surprising number of features for a product in this price range . I can assign line items of a check to a particular account and job ; payroll can handle hourly , salary and bonuses ; I can setup pre-tax and post-tax payroll deductions ; it calculates federal , state and even local withholdings . It handles recurring bills ; has a bank account reconiciler and you can setup budgets . The invoicing has options for three basic types of invoices and the receivables function can handle partial payments.Being an ex-QuickBooks user , I can say that for my small business , this product wins hands down . It 's straightforward , does n't cost alot and has a well-rounded set of features . From what I understand , the tax table updates will be just as reasonable priced .
 I bought this product and figured for the price it would n't be great , but boy was I wrong . This packages is easy to use and lets you do everything the big software packages do but is much simpler . Entry is easy , reports are detailed , and its so easy to learn . You can set up your company and be entering invoices in no time . Definately get this if your in need of accounting software for your business .
 Disney at least has a good idea behind `` Monsters , Inc. . Scream Team Training ''
 what a cool game . It was fun . I bought it initially for my daughter ... she obvioulsy loved it - but then I sat down to play it too . There are 10 games inside - all start off pretty easy - but on the harder levels , its hard even for me.My favorite is the flag-map game ... its a hoot.Of all the MONSTERS games out there ... this is the one to buy - Characters looks great - voices are great - its funso what are you doing ?? ... stop reading this and BUY IT !
 This game was bought for my 5 year old and he loved it . My 3 year old is getting through some of the games as well and my 7 year old plays it for AGES . Unlike some games , you can move onto the next game -LRB- get a pass into another room -RRB- after a fairly short amount of time so the kids can get through the initial game quickly , then go back and play the mini games they like the most -LRB- which get harder and harder and harder ... -RRB- so there is no tears or cries of `` this is too hard for me '' I think this is a great game for preschoolers and lower grade schoolers too . There is no need to be able to read either which is a HUGE bonus for the 3 year old : - -RRB-
 Monsters Inc. was a great movie.Disney and Pixiar always have made super motion pictures.Then one day I thought of getting this C.D.Now the monsters will be right in my computer !
 Great Program for giving outlines . I use it for several rental property agreements.Be sure to put in all the clauses you want as landlord .
 When I recieved this software I can not figure out how many disk contain with the different features that made a lot of possibilities in the graphics world , really satisfied and Iam going to get the DVD version because the package only contain CD 's -LRB- 10 -RRB- and I prefer not carrying to much . Enjoy
 I bought this program after talking to a speech therapist about my daughter 's learning disorders . My daughter has ADD and dyslexia . She loves to read , but writing is almost painful for her . She does n't know where to start or where to go from where she starts . The speech therapist told me I should try Inspiration software , so I bought a copy to try out.The first thing I did with my daughter was a movie project she wanted to do for a film class . Inspiration made it easy for her to get her ideas down in one document and then put those ideas in order . I had to help her , but she did a lot of the work on her own.Hopefully this program will make it easier for her to overcome her fear of doing all sorts of projects with several parts . It is n't glitzy or anything , but it does what it 's supposed to do , and that 's a wonderful thing for the kids who need it .
 I needed to run some old , but very important VMs that were created on Workstation 3 . I made several attempts to upgrade the VMs including new versions of VMware Workstation and VirtualBox . I had no success . Then I found a copy of Workstation 3 here.It is now running on an old XP machine and I have access to the older VMs that I needed . I spent quite a bit of time trying the alternatives . I wish I had tried this approach earlier.One note
 Para aprender un idioma , recomiendo elanguage . Es facil de entender , hay muchos ejercicios de conversacion y principalmente se puede comprobar si se habla como `` extranjero '' o `` nativo '' . La entrega fue rapida y en excelentes condiciones .
 This Deluxe Edition is the best than ever since I used several softwares from different company . Featuring two years worth of robust curriculum , Learn to Speak -LRB- tm -RRB- French Deluxe offers a convenient , comprehensive language study solution . Whether you 're planning a vacation , traveling for work , or just brushing up your skills for fun , the award-winning Learn to Speak -LRB- tm -RRB- program brings your goals within reach . Download lessons to your iPod -LRB- tm -RRB- or MP3 player and learn on the go!Features : * Over 50 lessons and hundreds of exercises representing 2 years ' worth of curriculum * Sophisticated speech recognition * Audio CD featuring coordinated lessons * IPOD -LRB- tm -RRB- and MP3 lessons for learning on-the-go * Printed reference book for learning away from the PC * PDA Dictionary with over * 15,000 translations * Printable grammar exercises * Flexible curriculum structure to customize your learning experience * Simulated conversations , cultural movies and games
 I bought this because the Microsoft OS is not supported at all when used in virtual machines . I have never personally owned anything other than Macintosh , and built my own virtual machine using this version from Microsoft . I was concerned this version would not work , but it works well as a virtual machine under these circumstances . It is cheaper than buying the full version , and since I 'm building my own system , it meets the terms of the End User Agreement .
 despite the license agreement -LRB- which is posted as a warning quite adequetly by Amazon and product company OEM sleeve , informing customers -RRB- this is essentially Windows XP full editon with only one difference , a slight rigidity to different configuatins beyond the retail . In the retail you have a marginal bit of difference in the tollerence of new components , namely a new hard disk in this you do not . otherwise , it works the same and can be installed on a partition numourous times -LRB- if it is the same partition ! -RRB- . If you are a `` system Builder '' that , I assume includes amatures like me who build for themselves too . This is also the edition given at the PC retails -LRB- if you are lucky to get anything at all from the schebs -RRB- but legally , they are supposed to issue you a full copy !
 I have been using this for almost a year now . I run an Asus A8N-SLI , 1GB , AMD 4000 + . I use it to store and use all media . Pictures , videos , ripped DVDs , etc. . I watch and record Live TV every day and also own 2 v1 Linksys extenders that are used often . One wireless and one wired . This OS is stable and very functional . I use nVidia 's pure platinum codec and that is all you need . OTA HDTV functionality works and looks great . I have 3 analog tuners distributed to the extenders also . I could n't be happier with the entire setup and will not move to Vista until forced in a few years .
 It did NOT Work , , , But I am NOT Shure Why?I am familar with my original Software , Used years ago , , , it worked very well.But NOW with this repacement Software , It DID NOT Work , , BUT I am NOT Sure Why NOT?Thank You , Jerry Barton , Sr. .
 Dear other buyers , When you write `` avoid this seller at all costs '' on a GENERAL product page -LRB- i.e. one note specific to a given seller -RRB- , it shows you are not paying attention to details or even how the very market you are shopping on -LRB- Amazon.com -RRB- works ! If you buy from a certain seller and that seller messes up , sends the wrong product information , wo n't give explanations , etc. , then YOU HAVE TO NAME THAT SELLER
 Spreadsheet Professional is compatible with Excel and is a great product for people that do not want to spend the money for Microsoft Office . The list price of Spreadsheet Professional is about $ 35.00 .
 I have the original DragonNaturally Speaking . Although it worked fairly well , I found I spent as much time and effort - through keyboard and mouse correction - as I would in typing text . Version 6 is easier to use , makes fewer errors , and requires less correction . As a wannabe novelist , I find any voice recognition program inhibits creativity , especially when there are others within hearing range . As a person with a disability , I find DNS-v6 very helpful in letter and e-mail writing . Version 6 definitely requires less keyboard and mouse correction , although that is still a concern . I like the correction boxes which present corrections in bold print . This definitely reduces correction time .
 I bought version 6 rather than 7 from the comments of Amazon customers.In years ' past , I was a rapid 10 finger typist . But a year ago , I sustained a spinal cord injury causing numbness to my fingers.With this software , I can type with an accuracy approaching what I could do when healthy . What I find remarkable is that , being Canadian , I tend to talk fast and slur a bit . Still , I find I can consistently achieve close to 90 % accuracy.One warning
 I 've been using computers for over 30 years now and the speech recognition of Dragon is one of the best , innovative ideas that I 've seen for the industry in a long time.When I have a lot of word processing or data entry work to do , the ability to just talk and have the text appear on the screen at 150 + wpm is very effective . Sure there are a few errors , but I make typos often as well , so its about a push.Speech recognition will be a big factor in our future lives in many , many ways , not just for entering text . Commands to cars , cell phones , appliances , etc. will all come to fruition in the next few years .
 I bought this software recently and was pretty skeptical about speech recognition capabilities in general . After using Dragon 6 I really changed my mind . Not only the speech technology is very efficient but the software also has a lot of functionalities to drive your computer by using speech.When you buy the software do n't get confused with Dragon 5.0 which is the old version and which has nothing to do with the capabilities of Dragon 6.0 . Dragon 6 is also way better that IBM Via Voice that I tried at a friend 's place . Anyway , Scansoft the maker of Dragon 6.0 is the leading speech software company so you ca n't be wrong . One thing
 I was not sure of the quality of this software when I first bought it . I used other voice-typing programs in the past , and I have to tell you that nothing measures up to Dragon NaturallySpeaking Essentials 6 !!! It was easy to install , not too difficult to master , and had great results . The speech formatting software-to recongnize indiviual speakers - was great ! I think that overall , it was a great buy ! I recomend it to anyone with some free time and a little bit of patience !
 5 days ago I opened the package at 5:00 p.m. By 6:00 p.m. the program & mike/headphone had been installed , I had begun to train the computer by reading several short paragraphs and , hands-free , I created a document in WordPerfect . This was before I opened the manual . Since then , using the program , I have opened and closed programs , saved files , chatted on Yahoo , read and sent email , surfed the net , modified web pages and created handouts.Initially it takes time - since it is best to correct as you go - but the more I use it , fewer corrections need to be made.Every time that I use the program it gets smarter about how I speak . The Quick Reference card is clear , fairly comprehensive and easy to understand.I was recently diagnosed with carpal tunnel syndrome and was told that my use of the computer would have to be extremely limited for some time to come . After researching the various voice-recognitions programs available I chose this one because it appeared to be no-frill and was reasonably priced . I figured that it would be a good place to start and that I could upgrade or go to another program if this did not work out for me . I am looking no further . Though I have n't finished the manual yet , using the computer is almost completely hands-free . Now I can use the computer more than I did before ! What more could a gal ask ? Next week I am thinking of asking it if it can do my windows.I highly recommend this program .
 When I decided to try a voice recognition program , I first bought IBM ViaVoice 10 . It would not launch on my PC - turns out that if you have any sort of firewall -LRB- or related utility -RRB- installed on your computer , it will interfere with ViaVoice 10 , which uses the TCP/IP protocol . -LRB- Earlier versions of ViaVoice apparently do n't have this problem . -RRB- After returning ViaVoice , I tried Dragon NaturallySpeaking v. 6 -LRB- Essentials -RRB- , which I 'd heard was actually superior to version 7 . My expectations were low , but I was pleasantly surprised . After five minutes of training , I achieved reasonably good results . After an hour of training , results were excellent - especially when the program was used in conjunction with MS Word 2002 , as opposed to DragonPad . Does Dragon make mistakes ? Sure . But they are easily corrected , and in most cases not much worse than the typos you might make if you 're a poor typist -LRB- like me -RRB- . Besides , dictating to your PC is fun - and a welcome change from typing . The program also comes with a full-featured , printed instruction manual written in plain English by somebody with a sense of humor ! This is a real rarity in these days of `` online help '' documents apparently translated from Japanese . I recommend this program to anyone who has the patience to train it , and a willingness to put up with some errors .
 I was a satisfied user of version 6 -LRB- preferred -RRB- and thought I would be even happier with version 7 . Bix mistake ! As far as I am concerned , version 6 -LRB- preferred -RRB- is excellent.I made the mistake of assuming the version 7 would upgrade the existing version 6 on my computer . It did n't . It installed version 7 in a different directory . Worse yet , error messages appeared . Reinstalling the program did not help . Uninstalling version 6 was no longer possible after version 7 was installed . Manually removing version 6 did not help . Fortunately I had a backup of my harddrive . I was able to return to the way things were before . I then uninstalled version 6 and it did a clean install a version 7 . That solved the error messages . However , other problems with the new software remain.I would have thought that some attention would be paid to grammatical structure when it would automatically insert a period or a comma . It does not insert comma 's or periods in a very consistent way . This makes this new feature essentially useless.Aside from this , unlike version 6 , version 7 has caused some instability in my XP home edition system , leading to repeated crashes while executing `` select that '' and `` correct that '' commands . Fortunately , with Windows XP , the computer reboots after a crash . But you lose information in the process . My computer crashed three times while trying to write this section with Dragon version 7 . I am now typing instead of dictating.When doing a `` correct that '' command , new bugs became evident . It sometimes inserts the correction for the highlighted phrase into the middle of a previous word in a sentence . When I paused , it sometimes did not leave a space between the previous word and the next phrase . So some words remained connected likethis . Very irritating!It would have been nice if there had been clear directions how to transfer custom words from the dictionary of version 6 to version 7 . Now I have lost all the work I put into version 6 . I subsequently put in hours of work inserting special terms into version 7 's dictionary . However , with all the new problems associated with version 7 , unless I find a solution I think I will go back to version 6 , necessitating new work again.Moral of the story as far as I am concerned
 I HAVE USED DRAGON SINCE ABOUT 1989 . THEY WERE MAKING IT FIRST FOR PEOPLE LIKE ME WHO CA N'T USE THEIR HANDS , I 'M PARALYZED . IT TYPES 180 WORDS PER MIN . THEY ARE THE FIRST SO THEY ARE THE BEST BUT GET THE DRAGON DICTATE PREFERRED EDITION IT IS FASTER AND MORE FLEXIBLE . IF U DONT LOVE IT - DONT BUY WHAT I SAY ANYMORE ... IF U DO SEND ME A THANK YOU BY GIVING A DONATION TO CCI . . MY DOG HELPER ORG . CANINE COMPANIONS FOR INDEPENDENCE.JIM KISTNERJKISTNER@NYC.RR.COM
 I 've used the DVD Workshop Trial Edition for about 20 days now and it seems to be a great value ... I 've produced 2 DVDs with it from my home movies . It 's highly customizable , allows video backgrounds for menu screens , supports background music , and makes setting chapter points a breeze . I 've had a few problems with the Trial version and like many other Ulead customers I ca n't say their customer support is very good - I think they are overwhelmed . That 's not to say the product is buggy , just that the few problems it has are n't intuitive to resolve . DVD MovieFactory , also from Ulead , is their entry level version of this product ... I do plan to purchase DVD Workshop when my trial expires .
 I produced a Video CD within 2.5 hours with this software on my first go . My Video CD included 4 photo album slide shows -LRB- 20 pictures each -RRB- , 3 video clips , and 3 menus - all with background music . I ca n't believe how easy it was . The interface is simple to use . At first , I thought it may not be very flexible because of its simple interface but what it provides seems to be all that one needs . This is a great all-in-one application that replaces all my previous VCD authoring software , such as the Philips VCD toolkit , the endless media conversion tools , and the CD-R burning application .
 I love this software ! Having consulted with 3 friends using AutoCAD -LRB- 2 ACAD 2000 , 1 ACAD 2002 -RRB- I can find nothing that they can do in AutoCAD that I can not do in TurboCAD . This tells me that either TurboCAD v8 does everything ACAD does , or the features additional to ACAD are so esoteric that no-one uses them ! TCAD will be readily learned by an ACAD user , but is , in many respects simpler to use , particularly with respect to viewports . The toolbar default arrangement is handier -LRB- IMO -RRB- , and portability tests -LRB- ACAD to TCAD and vice vs. -RRB- have been 100 % successful . If TurboCAD lacks anything it is documentation . The documentation that comes with v8 is good -LRB- as opposed to what it was for v7 -RRB- but still not comprehensive , and comprehensive documentation is not as readily available as it is for ACAD . If you want to do floorplans -LRB- in 3D -RRB- or draw cool pictures , there are documents available -LRB- for extra $ $ -RRB- from 3rd parties , but books on technical illustration and mechanical drafting are scarce . Overall , for those with anything but a limitless budget , I think TCAD is the hands-down winner !
 I bought the software because I can not type for very long . Dragon 6.0 is much easier to use in dragon 5.0 . The most useful upgrades in 6.0 are `` spell mode '' and that you can talk directly to DOS and Telnet applications . The telex headset that came with 5.0 is a very LO-FI and inaccurate . I have a Plantronics and it works a lot better . Both dragon 5.0 and 6.0 or excellent for surfing the Web hands-free . Speech recognition is not nearly as accurate as typing . However , it does work . I am dictating this message without correcting too often .
 I type fast but not very accurate . Also , my hands get tired quickly . This software is the answer . After training , it recognizes my voice at about the same accuracy of my typing . I have to go back and make corrections , but I have to do that wiht my typing also . Plus , the correction process lets me proof my document to make sure I am happy with it . Now if you are a professional secretary , your typing accuracy and endurance would be better than the speech recognition in this program . But if you are n't , it 's a time saver.The only knock I have against it is that it does n't work in Outlook Express . I just got a flier for version 7 , and it is supposed to work with outlook express , so I 'll purchase it for that purpose .
 I bought this software recently and was pretty skeptical about speech recognition capabilities in general . After using Dragon 6 I really changed my mind . Not only the speech technology is very efficient but the software also has a lot of functionalities to drive your computer by using speech.When you buy the software do n't get confused with Dragon 5.0 which is the old version and which has nothing to do with the capabilities of Dragon 6.0 . Dragon 6 is also way better that IBM Via Voice that I tried at a friend 's place . Anyway , Scansoft the maker of Dragon 6.0 is the leading speech software company so you ca n't be wrong . One thing
 I 've been using computers for over 30 years now and the speech recognition of Dragon is one of the best , innovative ideas that I 've seen for the industry in a long time.When I have a lot of word processing or data entry work to do , the ability to just talk and have the text appear on the screen at 150 + wpm is very effective . Sure there are a few errors , but I make typos often as well , so its about a push.Speech recognition will be a big factor in our future lives in many , many ways , not just for entering text . Commands to cars , cell phones , appliances , etc. will all come to fruition in the next few years
 This is a breakthrough product . I had Dragon version 3 on a Pentium 2 , and it was so frustrating that I gave up . I think that was most people 's response to earlier versions of voice recognition software . Part of the problem was processor speed and memory . Now , with a 1.7 GHz Pentium 4 and 256 MB it is at last a reasonable and workable software.However the training described in the advertising is optimistic unto misleading . The user files continue to accumulate corrections and understandings of the user 's speech . It is after several hours of dictating and making corrections that it becomes reliable . The longer one uses it the fewer edits one needs to make.By pronouncing clearly and rapidly the user can get very high accuracy . It is counter-intuitive that it should be more accurate for more rapid , more continuous speech , but that is how it works.The integration of the Preferred version with Word , Excel , Access , and Internet Explorer makes it useful and convenient , and keeps it from being a novelty . For instance , I am dictating this in IExplorer and it has required very few edits . I expect that dictated documents will always require some edits but it will save tremendous amounts of typing and time.For people who do large amounts of typing this product is invaluable - a real breakthrough . The few hours spent training the software will be rewarded amply by months spent dictating instead of typing.I strongly recommend using a USB microphone . With an analog microphone the user-trained files are dependent on the sound card . With USB they can be copied to other computers , such as laptops . -LRB- And you thought cellphone users were annoying - just wait until people are dictating to laptops on airplanes . -RRB- If one uses Microsoft Outlook for correspondence , be sure to select Word as your editor because Dragon does not work with the default editor . -LRB- Tools -- > Options -- > Mail Format -- > Use Word as Editor -RRB- . Downsides : This is billed as protecting one 's hands from wearing out from overuse . But bear in mind - voices wear out too.If one sets Dragon to maximum accuracy it becomes somewhat frustratingly slow . This is not caused by insufficient memory as I thought -LRB- I added 512 MB - did n't help -RRB- . It is a processor speed limitation . Which I take to mean that the glory days of voice recognition lie ahead of us . When Intel 's and AMD 's marketing wars will have brought us 10 , 20 , or 100 GHz processors , we will be able to turn to our `` Scotty '' computer and say , as we always dreamed of saying , `` Beam me up , Scotty '' - and it will do it .
 Having used an earlier version of Dragon NaturallySpeaking , this product is a great improvement both in accuracy and functions . You will probably need lots of memory -LRB- ie 192 MB or more -RRB- but I have got reasonable results with this software even on a 500 Celeron . Being able to save user files is useful , particularly if you have a USB microphone .
 When I went to high school -LRB- circa late 60 's -RRB- only girls took typing . When I got my first computer in 1987 , I still did n't learn to type correctly choosing instead to do a two finger dance on the keyboard . Dragon NaturallySpeaking and I go back about 4 years to 3.X I think . I even transcribe with a digital recorder . My two finger pace of about 30 words a minute is about four times faster using Dragon products . There is a learning curve that I think people who already type 50 + WPM will have to have patience for to get to the 100 + WPM payoff . I 've read some of the negative reviews and this program is n't like some game you plug in and take off with . It will take time for the program to learn your way of speaking and for you to learn how to speak consistently one day to the next . Plan on at least a week or two to not feel like you have wasted your money and a month or two to be downright impressed.This program has always needed a very powerful computer . My Pentium III , 600 Mhz ca n't do it justice . I have to close all other apps . The digital recorder transcription process is an even bigger power eater .
 I just got this product today . It only took a few hours for me to program my voice . I still have a little ways to go but , is a lot easier than typing . It is very well worth the cash . I would recommend this product to any college student , business associate , or anyone who uses a computer for type . I am using this product right now to fill this format . I bought this product because , I my not a good speller . This takes it all a way . Thank you
 Admittedly , I only use the program to input voice into Word . I am an author , so I have to enter a great deal of text in a short period of time . Forget about cheap mikes . They simply do n't work . You need to purchase a USB headset , mine is from Plantronics ... So if you 're going to input a LOT of text , and have the money and high end equipment needed to use the product efficiently , this is an incredible buy . Training , once I got a good mike , took less than an hour . I can see why users who do not use the product regularly might think it is a bad buy -LRB- and it probably is ! -RRB- . But if you believe there is a right tool for the right job , this is it .
 this product has worked wonders for me . I can now create documents and e-mails much faster , actually about 4 times faster , than typing . The accuracy is excellent , and I was able to add new words like proper names quickly and easily . My sister recommended it to me because she has carpal tunnel , and this allows her to use her computer pain free . I 've tried IBMs viavoice product and it was n't as good . Dragon works with more apps and operating systems , and is really easy to use .
 I bought this for Diamond Drop for my wife , thinking it was similar to a Tetris-like online game she likes . But now we are both addicted to the `` extra '' game , Aqua Bubble . Lots of fun , colorful graphics . Unfortunately , bought a new Windows Vista PC and ca n't find the software , and it did n't transfer over from our XP machine . But it works on Vista as far as I know . Fun game !
 I have no idea why another review here marks this program so low.I was just reading a special article from Computer Arts and they were reviewing the some of the worlds best Illustrators . I got it the article because the cover caught my attention the art was very detail and just phenomenal . As I read inside , on each artist review they all comment on what program they use mainly . The guy they featured on the cover did his in Free Hand . . well . . that was no surprise cause when I saw it I said to myself . . I could only pull this off if I had Freehand MX if I was to attempt to do it . And yes he stated thats all he mainly uses in his review . I said it before and I will say it again . . if you dont know how to use this program it will be useless to you . If you can draw and if you have a tablet -LRB- which helps -RRB- this progam is AMAZING ! . There is alot of things you can with FH MX that you ca n't with other CG programs .
 This works well with XP I know . I do NOT think it will work with Vista . For Vista you will need # 18 or so . When I bought a new computer with Vista , I had to scrap this program and purchase 18 . THEN I found how HORRIBLE Vista was at NOT being able to use MOST of the older programs ALL MY FILES ARE IN . I finally GAVE AWAY my Vista and purchased a refurbished office computer with XP - Pro . - - and now , all is right with the world.Broderbund needs to take note about COMPATIBILITY . They seem to just want to SELL NEW PRODUCTS .
 I have used this old version of Printmaster for years . All of the graphics are loaded on your computer and you do n't have to be on the Internet to retrieve them like the newer versions . I lost my disk and ordered this in case I run into problems with the software .
 I love this program ! It is so easy to use and has so many cool options . I have my own business and I use this program for everything .
 very simple . explains things in understandable words . A big help
 AE OMNIFORM FILLER V5 .0 - W9X/NT/W2K / WME/XPPerfect . Thanks for making it available
 When I first became interested in identifying the birds around my property , I knew little more than robins , cardinals and blue jays . I was initially inspired by some unknown cheerful soul singing me awake each morning . I purchased two well respected bird sounds books with CDs but each was limited to only a few species . I trolled the Internet , but found that tedious . My third attempt to identify my morning friend was this software and I 've never looked back . Everything I need is right here -- songs , multiple pictures , descriptions , even videos for some . There are many , many birds included . They can be searched in either alphabetical order or by species type . If you find one that might be a hit , but you 're not sure , you can display similar birds in several different formats . You can make various custom lists which can be displayed with picture and sound for you to pick and choose which to read full detail about . That 's only a fraction of what 's available in the software package . While I still occasionally listen to the original CDs which include many different calls for each bird , this is where I find them to begin with and then return to time and time again . I now know over 50 types and enjoy hearing their familiar calls . The software itself is easy to install and use without problems . You ca n't go wrong with this package to build your bird knowledge .
 This is great software and easy to understand and use . I have Dreamweaver and Adobe GoLive and I easily use NetObjects Fusion 7 over 95 % of the time ... it is simply faster and easier to use than the latter and a much MUCH better buy . Product support is excellent and there are several sites where you can find all sorts of components and add-ons for free or very inexpensive . In the time it takes to just START to learn Dreamwever or GoLive you can have your site up and running with Fusion 7 . Fusion 7 is also a great improvement over Fusion MX with the ability to change site styles within limitless pages of your site for different and customized looks . The Photo Gallery builder in Fusion 7 is far superior to the one in Adobe Photoshop 7 ! Before I purchased Fusion I was just a photographer and graphic designer . Now I can offer my clients web design as well . You will like it and actually USE IT !
 This is the very best web-design software I have used . Very easy to understand visual system with great tutorials for the most basic beginner . I had a preliminary `` practice site '' done in a couple of hours and a 20 page completed site published to the web the next day.I have since published numerous sites with NetObjects Fusion , the largest of which contains tons of photos and over 200 pages and I manage it with ease with Fusion 7 . The Photo Gallery builder is great - and you can use lots of included SiteStyles to build your site . You also can edit these Styles to create your own unique styles with your own custom buttons , menus , etc. . Changing colors of objects and backgrounds is a breeze - done with a click of the mouse!The support system for this software is the best of any I own - There is a message board staffed with professionals with answers to just about any question - but if you do n't find your answer there just post your question and most questions are answered in depth with links to more info . or tutorials in 20-30 minutes , usually an hour tops.What Photoshop did for photography , NetObjects Fusion 7 has done for web design - only Fusion 7 is 100 times easier to learn and use.You will not be disappointed and you will not outgrow NetObjects . I have just previewed new features in 7.5 and it looks like it will just get better and better.Don ' t pay an overpriced web-designer - Build Your Own site - you will be much happier .
 NetObjects Fusion is a mature product . It is designed for people that think visually and business/family sites that can be done using one of near limitless styles.NOF is not fun when coding HTML although as a program it is getting better for coders to read an write . Still , this is for the fun side of your personality.If you 're the kind of person that sees what they want and do n't want to be bothered with anything except the most necessary data entry NetObjects Fusion 7 is for you . Beyond it 's simple interface there are many improvements in NOF 7 over previous versions . It creates smaller pages , has stellar support and integrates higher tech features like applets and scripting including several components that can be purchased or found free.The interface can look confusing at first and the manual while good could do a better job of explaining in specific detail how to do things . On the other hand that could be said about 90 % of the software on the market today.If you want simple , visual , non-programming sites that look professional this is the program for you . It 's not as intrusive and heavy handed as FrontPage . In fact , I find it hard to believe anyone considers FrontPage a visual development program.I have sites with hundreds of pages that are managed well . That 's helpful in NOF but in the end you the webmaster have to put the time in.Also , NOF is reasonably priced . Highly recommended .
 I 've been using NetObjects Fusion since version 3.0 , and have built a lot of sites for a lot of people . Version 7.0 is much better than all previous versions and you can get up and running quickly and produce very professional web sites . There are lots of add-in components , and this software has survived a corporate bankruptcy , sale and continues to evolve despite some difficult times . If you purchase this package you wo n't be disappointed . . .
 I have never used Dreamweaver or Frontpage , and I have never before used any Net Objects software . Before this , I had used page builders from sites such as Geocities . I installed Net Objects and started playing with it before reading any instructions , or going through any of the tutorials . I already have several pages of a new web site done , complete with photos , buttons and other objects . I have referred to the book and help sections only twice . Everything else was easy to figure out without a hassle . I would definately reccomend this software for beginners as well as more advanced users . This software is fun , easy use and understand .
 I am an absolute novice , what I do n't know about computers is frightening . Still , with NetObjects , I was able to get a 32 page website up and running in no time . It is extremely simple to use , the instruction is very easy to understand , and the tech support is stellar . If you are looking for something basic and easy to understand , this software is for you . But do n't be fooled this is n't something you 'll use once or twice and then outgrow . My one complaint is the inability to change site template colors . And , you may want to pick up some graphic software to go with it . If you want to build a website , but do n't know if you can - get NetObjects - if I can do it , so can you .
 With only a slight knowledge of HTML , I purchased NetObject MX and have since upgraded to version 7 . I highly recommend it.It supports the novice by providing easy-to-use menus and functions that do not require the user to learn coding or programming . It provides a range of built-in templates and it loads and handles graphics much more quickly than other , more expensive packages - so you have good functionality from the start . Then as you learn more about web site building , it supports additional functions and sophisticated coding and scripts.However , one of the best features is the online users ' group - which is staffed by professionals as well as users of all levels - that provides quick responses to questions ranging from basic , getting started to highly technical coding issues.The only reason I awarded 4 instead of 5 stars is the lack of a printed manual . It installs on the computer . However , being new to web building , I found that I frequently did n't know web building jargon sufficiently to be able to define a problem . Had I been able to browse illustrations would have been helpful in bridging my knowledge gap . However , the users ' group has been extremely helpful in crossing that bridge .
 I have been using Homesite , Dreamweaver , Frontpage for a while.This software has been enhanced . This software is good from novice to professional . I built a 14 page website in a day.A easy to use web site generator . Cascading style sheets , great layout tools , organizational chart style page links , animated buttons , etc.You 'll need graphics software to go with this product
 - and a minor one for new features . I started out with Fusion MX a couple of years ago and upgraded on the day I got the offer.The user interface is greatly improved , as is stability . In fact it is an effective package for creating AND maintaining even complexly structured web sites . My two primary sites are 150 and 50 pages , and changing the structure is easy and effective.The few downsides are un upload -LRB- ftp -RRB- - feature that does not allow only to upload truly changed pages , and that large clunks of Excel data will make the files unstable . Or maybe I just I have n't found the way to do it right . The database-facility is rudimentary . The final point is that the html files produced should have been leaner.I actually enjoy working with Fusion 7 because it is heavily focused on getting the job done , and it does it , and very nicely , too!Much appreciated and heavily recommended .
 NetObjects is a great product . You really can have a site in about 30 minutes . This upgrade , however , was a disappointment because no significant features were added.Pros . You can design a model site quickly . NetObjects is a menu driven system that is easy to use . No need to worry about initially designing graphics because NetObjects provides templates for your border and navigation bar . You can easily change from one template to another . Add a new page and NetObjects automatically changes the navigation bar and links . You can do rollovers , hotspots , ticker tape , form buttons and more without coding . I very rarely have to refer to a manual.Cons . The upgrade feature I was most interested in was the multi-level navigation bars . They have little flexibility , however , so I still rely on other sources , such as ... components , for extra functionality . Product support is poor , as I have emailed NetObjects but never received a reply . The 40 new sitestyles -LRB- templates -RRB- are not very original . ...
 This software is the best yet since the earlier version of Fusion MX !
 I HIGHLY recommend this product . I was a Fusion MX user and upgraded to 7.0 3 months ago . This is hands down the best web-design tool . I learned web design the NetObjects way . Now I have Dreamweaver and Adobe GoLive and I almost exclusively use NetObjects Fusion 7 . It is FASTER , EASIER to understand , and LOGICAL . Easily the most logical web-design software I have used . Fusion 7 is way more than adequate for 90 % of all individual , small business -LRB- and most large business -RRB- websites . The best thing is virtually anyone can learn to use it almost immediately and after using it for a couple of weeks you will be a virtuoso . Of all software I have used -LRB- not just for web design , but across the board -RRB- this has been the most pleasant surprise ever .
 This is by far the best web editor I 've ever used . I 've tried just about all of them , including Adobe GoLive . I 've made numerous personal & business websites with this software with ease ! So few clicks to get the results you need . You literally , could have a site up & running in minutes . I 've upgraded NOF many times and have been extremely pleased with the software and support . A beginners dream ! Easy cheesey !
 When I began looking for webdesign software , of course I considered `` Frontpage '' and `` Dreamweaver , '' but both were not within our budget . Not only is NetFusion less expensive than them , but , I ca n't believe why this is n't a more popular web design program . I have a very basic understanding of html , but , you do NOT need knowledge of html or CSS to design cool -LRB- or , if you prefer , `` kewl '' -RRB- pages.The interface is intuitive and simple . Take a few minutes to tinker with it ... and you 'll see that you do n't need to read the entire manual . If you have any trouble with the program , which I doubt , the online support has the answers , as do a few books about earlier versions of the program.This is one of my favorite software programs . Bravo , NetFusion !
 As a long time user of NetObjects 4.0 I found the 7.0 version much improved and more user friendly manual wise . You do n't have to be a rocket scientist to understand the 7.0 version , merely a novice web designer . I 've been designing websites since 1999 and would n't think of using anything but NetObjects for my projects .
 even though it is a much earlier version i was able to build a great company website from it . i got everthing promised in the package and it arrived a day before i actually expected it so thumbs up to the seller .
 I have been using this software since it was first released . I upgraded from version 3 to 5 and then to 7 . Even though it is out of date now , I am still using it and it has been great for my site . I have more than 150 pages at my site , with downloads on many pages , links to hundreds of photos and graphics , and even videos . It took me awhile to learn how to use it and I am sure there are features I have not yet explored , but I am glad I purchased it .
 As an OmniPage Pro 11 user I was wondering what more ScanSoft could do to make my life easier . I 'm glad I upgraded.First - the OCR is even better -LRB- though OP 11 was almost perfect for most of my documents . -RRB- The page layout is way better too - a lot easier to edit in Word and Excel.ScanSoft always seems to do things first in OCR . They added PDF support before anyone else last time around . This time they 've added a bunch of cool features , some I am already using , a few that my IT people are keen on.If you have an MFP or want to do network scanning , the new automatic network batch processing is a must have . You can set it up to grab images from the network , and even put converted documents into other folders . I can use different scanners now from anywhere in the building , and do n't really need to upgrade by flatbed scanner -LRB- again -RRB- . Grabbing graphics off of documents and PDF reports is great now , and it does a better job at tables than OP 11 . Tables and spreadsheets really require perfect OCR , which is why I really upgraded . No disappointment here.Install went smoothly , and works great on my Windows XP system -LRB- 64MBRAM , mostly for my graphics program.I work in a company that uses high-end scanning -LRB- we actually use the OCR from ScanSoft in our high-volume system , that can process 500,000 pages a day . -RRB- The power in OP 12 is hidden in the simple interface , but if you need it - buckle up .
 I 've been using OmniPage since version 6 , and this is by far the best version ever . I was n't going to upgrade this time , but I saw the PC Magazine editor 's choice + 5 star award and figured it would be worth it . It was . The formatting and accuracy are nearly perfect , and the PDF conversion is a great step forward from version 11 . The time savings associated with those conversions more than paid for this product .
 I have to deal with lots of incoming PDF documents during the day at the law office . I used to edit all of them manually , but now , I convert them into Word and edit in Word ... saves me 6-8 hours per week . I 'd recommend this to anyone that needs to convert PDF files .
 Do n't hesitate Omnipage is excellent ! and you will save a lot of money compared to Adobe 's products .
 Excluding email and Internet browser software , word processing , spreadsheet , and presentation software is probably the most needed or used on the average personal computer . Enter ThinkFree Office , a Java-based office suite that takes care of almost any `` office software '' task the average computer user will need.ThinkFree Office is comprised of `` ThinkFree Write , '' a ` Word ' like word processor , `` ThinkFree Calc , '' an ` Excel ' like spreadsheet application , `` ThinkFree Show , '' which is very similar to ` PowerPoint , ' and `` ThinkFree Folders , '' a handy file manager application.In my experience ThinkFree Office has been a powerful , easy to learn package that incorporates a well designed user interface and a majority of the most important features of MS Office . The toolbars and functional layout in ThinkFree Office are highly inspired by the Microsoft Office suite , and you 'll feel nearly at home if you 've used Word , Excel , or PowerPoint . ThinkFree Office can open and save the most common Word , Excel , and PowerPoint file formats , and it also makes a great HTML editor , clean and free of the Microsoft `` gunk '' tags that accompany a `` Word '' file saved as HTML.The help files in ThinkFree Office are clear and easy to follow for the most part , but could be improved with more detail . The interface is easy to manage and there are pop-up descriptors for each item in the program 's visible anatomy , and the icons are similar to other application 's `` standard '' icons , so it 's easy to determine what each toolbar item or button will do.For all of its features and ease of use , ThinkFree Office is a bargain at -LSB- the price -RSB- . The fact that ThinkFree Office is written in Java , in my opinion , offers more advantages than disadvantages to the end user . For example , ThinkFree Office is available for nearly every significant computer platform , so it 's a simple matter to work on or exchange files between Macintosh , Linux , Windows , etc. . A particular feature that makes ThinkFree Office stand out is something called a `` CyberDrive , '' which is a secure online file storage space that makes it easy to mirror files written to a local drive , or to create secure online backups . When you purchase ThinkFree Office you are given 20 MB of `` CyberDrive '' space free , for 1 year , and up to a gigabyte of space can be purchased , at an additional cost . This is a good idea , and is as easy to use as saving any file on a local drive . I expect this idea will catch on with other software publishers , and it will become a popular feature . As someone who works both at home and at an office I have found the CyberDrive to be really useful.I am very satisfied with my purchase of ThinkFree Office . I feel as though I 've been given a lot of value for the money , and I feel better supporting a worthy smaller company than the MS juggernaut for my `` office '' needs . If you 've been waiting for a powerful cross-platform MS Office alternative , I would suggest giving ThinkFree Office seriouis consideration .
 I just downloaded and installed the trial version . First it hanged on installation but after killing the process and installing again succedded . I do not mind that . But the main thing is the software is excellent , all useful features of word and excel are there . Price is comfortably cheap -LRB- Below $ 50 -RRB- . Cyber drive is a wonderful idea .
 PC Backup is great . I 've decided to stay away from all Norton products after Norton System Works completely destroyed my registry . A co-worker recommended Stompsoft 's PC Backup as an alternative to Norton Ghost and it 's been a joy to use . I 've had two hard drive crashes in the last 6-7 months and I 've been able to restore the system to exactly the way it was each time . Turns out we had a defective hard drive.I have PC Backup backing up data from 8 network drives on my office 's network to our main backup server . Full backups run over the weekend and we have daily incremental backups running every weeknight . We have n't had a single problem yet .
 This is an older backup program that replaces one lost with a bad hard drive . It is functional and easy to use . I was able to successfully restore files backed up with this software , which is the ultimate test of any backup system .
 We have been using Backup MY PC for many years , and we recently upgraded to the new PC Backu UP program . The program works well , but the distribution cd is packed in a cardboard holder which compresses the cd side to side and after being in storage before shipping , it gradually bows the cd so it is n't flat . I had to download the program from their website to get it to install . Amazon gladly replaced the cd for us , but the replacement was also bowed . We are presently waiting for a good cd to be shipped to us so we have a proper backup cd for future use .
 I sympathize that some people here have had frustration with an aspect of the software , but I honestly have to say that I can not relate at all to what they 're saying . I 've been using StompSoft PC BackUp for quite some time now and I 've never had a single issue with the software . It does everything it 's supposed to and never crashed my system . It does take about five or ten minutes to finish the backup , but I do have a lot of stuff on my computer so I 'm not surprised . Based on my personal experience , I would highly recommend using StompSoft 's PC BackUp .
 The layout is simple and intuitive . Roots Magic integrates with new family search very well and makes it easy to identify work needing to be done .
 User-friendly ! Easy to figure out how to start entering your family into a genealogical database . In addition , there are a lot of multimedia features
 The product -LRB- RootsMagic Genealogy Software -RRB- that i purchased was well represented , I was well informed before i purchased it.The product was deliveredin the time period promissed and in good condition . After installing and previewing the software i am pleased with its ease of operation verseitility , with a simple GEDECOM i was able to transfer all my information from my obsoleteprogram to the new program.The only problem i had was the wrap around on some of the notes in my old program . I am well pleased with this product .
 I had use an older program several years ago -LRB- Family Tree Maker -RRB- and this is much easier to use , or I 'm just older and more literate . Anyway very good program .
 Easy to load , import information , and presents information nicely and without unnecessary glitz . The program does not , or I have n't figured out how to , revise the data into the Roots Magic format . Thus far each entry must be revised individually .
 I have n't installed this product on my computer yet but a relative of mine who is really into genealogy says that it 's the easiest one to use . She has tried many of them . Since I just retired , one of my projects is to delve into the lives of my long lost relatives . I hope both you and I have lots of fun searching through our pasts .
 Again , as in the past , received prompt service from Amazon and the vendor , got the purchase in excellent condition and am using it . . very well satisfied with the experience and the product ...
 Great Product , vendor was very responsive . Disk was dirty and would n't run but a quickl cleaning and all was well ...
 I discovered RootsMagic -LRB- v3 .0 -RRB- fairly recently . First , some background ... I 'm working with roughly 2000 names , and my goal is to research and publish the data , along with personal stories . I started with Family Tree Maker several years ago , but I did n't like the lack of citation capabilities with that earlier version . So , I switched to The Master Genealogist -LRB- TMG -RRB- which provides great source management but has a clumsy interface . The newer release of TMG has not improved this . Because you spend a lot of time entering information , the interface needs to be fairly painless and transparent . So , then I looked at Legacy , GenBox and RootsMagic , which have the necessary functionality but are also easy to use . It was a difficult choice between Legacy and RootsMagic , but I chose RootsMagic because I felt that it had a slight edge in its source management and that this feature was comparable to The Master Genealogist.Installation was easy . After I exported my old TMG database files to a single . gedcom file , I used RootsMagic to import it . It was fast and the data loaded quite cleanly . RootsMagic lets you import GEDCOM files , Family Origins database and backup files , and PAF database files . Also , for anyone working with LDS , you can create and read TempleReady files and handle ordinances.The interface is easy to use and it provides three views
 I 've tried 'em all . This is clearly the best genealogy software I 've used . RootsMagic is the most intuitive software on the market . My database has over 50,000 names in it and this software handles the load effortlessly and quickly . It can create very nice charts and web pages . The publisher listens to the users and continually upgrades the software to meet their needs . He stays on top of the changes being made by the LDS church 's Family History library system and updates the software to work seamlessly with the library 's systems .
 When I first starting looking for family tree software I noticed some of the other software packages were companies that would try to get you to subscribe to online programs or heavily tried to get you to buy additional products . One thing I liked about RootsMagic was that this company does not do that . They let you buy the product and then leave you alone.The tutorial was quick and simple . I immediately started entering data . It was extemely easy to learn . I was worried there would be limitations on the amount of data that could be entered and also did n't know how certain things would work such as re-marriages , divorces , and step families . The program exceeded my expectations on being able to adapt to most all family situations.I would recommend this program to anyone interested in documenting a family tree or family history . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I have been doing genealogy for over 15 years , and started out with very rudimentary versions of Family Tree Maker . I was never happy with FTM 's management of sources -- it seemed to be much more interested in how to make things `` pretty '' and sources , the heart and soul of real genealogy , always got short shrift.Then , some years ago , I switched to Heritage Family Tree . I loved this program , even though it could be quite klunky in many ways and the charting software that came with the program was always cumbersome and often crashed . However , its source handling was the best out there , able to format and sort sources in such a way that source information could be entered completely and formatted well . It had other good built in features that I really liked.However , they stopped supporting it , and although it was supposed to work with Windows XP , I experienced so many crashes with XP that I knew I had to start finding an alternative . The death knell came with Vista , and HFTD would n't even boot up under Vista . And then it turned out that their GEDCOM exporter dropped a LOT of information out of the source material I 'd so painstakingly entered.I had kept up with Family Tree Maker , and they came out with a new version . I decided to try to salvage what was left of my old family tree -LRB- over 2500 individuals and cannibalized source material that dropped half the information , cry ! -RRB- . However , this version -LRB- FTM 2008 -RRB- is absolutely awful ; the interface is about as far a departure from logical data entry , it does n't do a lot of basic charts , and it is just so terribly bloated with crap I will never use that I knew I had to find an alternative . On someone 's recommendation , I decided to check out RootsMagic.After downloading the trial version , I was hooked almost immediately . It 's simple , streamlined , and has fantastic source handling . When you enter a source , you 're given the option to choose Source Wizard ; normally I hate wizards , but this one gives a nice interface for inputting different types of sources -LRB- census , death/birth/marriage certificates , books , interviews , etc -RRB- in such a way that they are uniform and formatted for footnotes.One feature I really like is the ability to add a married couple in a census together as `` Census -LRB- family -RRB- '' . This eliminates the need to enter identical census information on two people in a family . I do wish they would extend this to the ability to select multiple members of a family , so you could enter both parents and children with one click . I realize that children did not always appear on a census with parents -LRB- I have a lot of cases where teenage boys worked on other farms -RRB- , but a dialogue that would let you choose other members of the family to add to a census would reduce input errors and time . However , there is a handy `` Memorize '' function for sources , so it 's easy to paste the same source into multiple entries . It 's the next best thing.It has built-in to-dos , so as you 're entering family members and need to remember to do something , you can input a to-do related to that individual or family . This feature includes prioritization , date opened , date last worked on , date closed , and a place to add notes.Like any new program it takes a little getting used to , but I find myself able to move easily among individuals and families . The Search feature is particularly nice because it includes not only the name of the individual , but also the birth and death dates so you can see which one you are selecting before you do so . This is handy in cases where you have more than one person with the same name and no middle initials to distinguish them.Backup is simple ; it archives a ZIP file of your day 's work onto any external media you choose . Instead of overwriting the whole file every time , it only overwrites an existing file if you 've changed it on the same day . Otherwise , it saves them incrementally , so you have the version you worked on last week archived as well as the one you are working on this way . This way , if something disastrous happens , like you discover that the 200 relatives you spent the last week painstakingly putting in are actually not related to you at all , or you accidentally replace all instances of `` Gary , Lake , Indiana '' with `` Inverness , Citrus , Florida '' , you can roll back to a version without the mistakes.The program is simple , straightforward , great for the historian . It 's not as cute and sexy as some other , more bloated genealogy programs , but it does everything a serious genealogical researcher needs it to do and a little more besides . And you ca n't beat the price .
 Genealogy has been a hobby of mine for many , many years however , I have n't had much time over the past decade -LRB- really -RRB- to work on it . Part of the problem has been that I 've had so much data stored on old programs that when I 've tried to transfer it -LRB- yes , using GEDCOMs -RRB- things become a real mess . Not only that , but I 'm extremely neurotic about citing my sources and , as unbelievable as it may sound , most genealogy programs do a terrible job when it comes to ensuring that data entry follows strict guidelines - instead , citing sources consistently has been left up to the whims of the hobbyist . As a result , I 've had all of my data sitting around and did n't feel like spending the rest of my life reentering all of it , which has resulted in putting genealogy on the back burner for far too long.Periodically , I review current genealogy programs , just to see if someone has finally realized that consistently citing sources is absolutely ESSENTIAL for constructing a good genealogy and someone finally did ! I 'm now in the process of converting things to RootsMagic and am absolutely THRILLED ! Not only is it now possible to enter data , from a large number of sources , consistently but templates are provided so that a specific format can be adhered to -LRB- such as the methods supported in the book , Evidence ! Citation & Analysis for the Family Historianby Elizabeth Mills -LRB- I 've used that book for a very long time -RRB- . In the past , I 've served as a beta tester for two very well known genealogy programs and had SCREAMED for a consistent manner to clearly and easily document sources . The other programs -LRB- which shall remain nameless -RRB- always agreed that this was an essential feature but never did anything about it -LRB- other than , `` Oh , we plan to add that feature in the future '' -RRB- . If nothing else , computers should be used for maintaining data in a consistent manner and the gross lack of attention to the topic by genealogy programs has been a disaster . No more thought ! RootsMagic finally done did it!Most importantly , RootsMagic is intuitive . Over the years , genealogy programs have taken one of two routes - the programs are very intuitive but lack sufficient features -LRB- esp . concerning how citations are entered -RRB- or they are so complex that one needs to be a rocket scientist to figure out how to use them . At the moment , I 'm in a state of bliss as I 'll now be able to work on genealogy again - it 's going to take a bit of time to make sure everything has transfered over but the task is going to be a lot simpler that it has in the past -LRB- I 've already spend some time doing so and am thrilled with the results -RRB- . Another feature that I like a lot is that RootsMagic will allow you to use your own catalog numbering system and will keep that data attached to each individual -LRB- this is another extremely important feature that , to date , almost no one else has done -RRB- . When I first began with genealogy a few decades -LRB- ugh ! -RRB- ago , I organized my documentation using a numbering system I had previously read about -LRB- essentially , I give each document and number that consists of the first three initials of the primary surname , followed by a number -RRB- . This has worked very well for me , however , most genealogy programs do not have a separate field to store that information . As a result , that number had to be store elsewhere and then manually removed when printing out reports or sharing data with others . No more ! RootsMagic has also solved that long standing problem ! I am now a very happy person and , time permitting , maybe I 'll get to enjoy genealogy as much as I used to .
 I work in IT and I purchased this product for my mom as a gift . She has only owned a computer for about 1 year , but she immediately caught on after going through the fantastic tutorials . She was entering data in no time . It is wonderfully organized and I would recommend it to anyone . We love that you can scan photos and documents , etc. into the software and attach them to people or events .
 I have used most of the major geneology programs , but when I want to enter a lot of material as quickly as possible , RootsMagic is the program I choose to use . It has all the `` bells and whistles '' but the thing I love the most is the ease of moving around in the program . I inherited my mother 's 8 file cabinets of unfinished work . I was able to quickly input major facts and copy her text files into the `` Notes '' . RootsMagic helped me organize the materials as I went along . I am now scanning and entering family photos . RootsMagic has features I have n't even needed yet , but it 's good to know that when I need them , they are there ready for me to use.M . Hansen
 This is my first family tree software and it was easy to figure out right from the start . I was getting way too many people and family names to keep organized on a regular spreadsheet . I was literally getting lost in generations . With Rootsmark it is easy to keep individuals and families in order . I now have nearly 900 people and 450 family names listed . It is easy to navigate back and forth between any of them . It is simple to add photos and documents to individuals . There is lots of help on the software and at the Rootsmark website . Check out their tutorial video online for a good basic idea how the familytree software works . The only problem I have is transfering data from one computer to another . I get it done , but I think there is an easier way .
 I have been using the RootsMagic Family Tree Genealogy software for about a month and I really love it . I have been entering family information that I have gathered throughout the years into the program and it is very user friendly and I love the fact that you can upload pictures and other written data into the program . The reports are also very easy to use and I have been e-mailing these to family members to have them proof and add additional information so they can send it back for me to enter into the program . I would recommend this program to anyone who is interested in tracing their ancestors .
 I have used an earlier version of this software and this revision is an improvement both in detail entry and ease of use . With its GEDCOM compatibility , this program is sufficient for the average person to trace ancestral lineage and record details including photographs and relevant documentation . It 's capability to track details encourages users to obtain information from elders before they pass on , including who is who in the box of old photographs commonly found in homes .
 I purchased this item for my husband as a gift . He is so happy with how easy it is to use . He has been tracing his family 's background for awhile and really had no way to organize , compare facts , and arrange dates until he starting using this program . I did a review of other products and decided on RootsMagic4 because of other feedback and the ease of using this program . My husband loves this program and feels like all the paper , notes and newspaper articles he has been working on are now organized and located at his fingertips with this wonderful program . He always remarks to me what a super job I did in finding such a great genealogy software . I love the fact his office and work area are now neat and organized . : -RRB-
 Seems to work fine . Was able to load large pre-existing genealogy file . Some trouble between GEDCOM file codes used by Family Tree Maker , but not recognized by Roots Magic . It will take some hand editing to fix that . Caught by Roots Magic , but another good reason to abandon Family Tree Maker which has tied itself to unacceptible , unwanted , uneeded , Internet connections . Quick delivery of the CD directly from the source company .
 i began with genealogy software when Roots Magic was Family Origins , and DOS-based . It was wonderful , especially in its ability to enter verified sources of information . When Family Origins was discontinued and the creators offered Roots Magic , virtually identical , I was very happy and continued to build my family record using Roots Magic . I have fewer than 2000 names , mostly because the offspring of 2nd and 3rd cousins is n't a priority for me , but do like the chart printouts , which I 've mailed to interested cousins . -LRB- Both ancestor and descendant charts . -RRB- My only complaint ? I 've recently switched over to a Mac laptop and RM is not available for the Mac . Can I say `` Wahhhhhh ! '' please ? Now I have to switch to some other program , probably FTM , which I 've already tried and did n't like as much as RM and which is way more expensive . Sigh . One more `` Wahhh ! '' seems to be in order.In other words , if you are beginning to create a family tree , you ca n't do better than Roots Magic , IMHO .
 This is an easy to use program . I like the fact that you can enter pictures and text of individuals .
 I have no experience with Genealogy software , but I can attest to how easy this program is to use . I 've had it about 3 weeks and I 've already entered about 1000 people . I love that I can create my own facts , and the search is so convenient . I have n't even used all the features yet , but it 's going to make my task much easier than I feared . I have over 900 pages of data to enter . It will take a while , but I wo n't be frustrated with the software while I do it.I 'm looking forward to the Internet search and report building features .
 I 've been obsessively using this software for a month . I 've explored it all and I am extremely impressed and pleased . It does everything . I love the easy to keep TO DO note linked to each person . I love reports and charts . I love the ease of entering information . I love being able to link one fact to many people without having to retype it . I love that it handles all kinds of families without having to take extra steps . I love the built in web interface . I have n't found anything yet I do n't like . Thank you !
 RootsMagic is very robust , it keeps a great record of your family tree . I like being able to burn a CD of everything with just a few key strokes . Being about to create a Web Page of your family tree is great too ! It is very easy to use as well .
 www.rootsmagic.com lists all the specs , there is a mail list and a forum besides your F1 key and Book available to help with this software . I will not use another software package , as the developer monitors the mail lists and does fix the software if there is an issue . Handles large amounts of data , sources , pictures , and works great with GenSmarts software for finding additional research possibles . Genealogy is a hobby that you need to do yourself . This software is easy to get up and running very quickly .
 I was advised to purchase this program by a seasoned genealogist . It has a multitude of features , some of which I have not had experience with as of yet . It can sort a large number of people to unique data bases . Overall , I am very happy with the product , however , if you need to call the tech help for this product good luck ! The support is surely , grumpy , and rude ! They expect everyone to be IT savy ! He was impatient when I asked him to guide me through my problem step by step . I do not have a computer background and their help screens often do n't clarify how to solve a problem that I am having . It is a great product for the price ... just do n't count on having tech support !
 I 've had this software for quite a while now and find it to be the best genealogy program that I have used . I abandoned Family Tree Maker in favor of trying this product . It 's a meat and potatoes program that you will not regret trying .
 This software is quick and easy to learn and use . It has all the information and tools needed to keep track of your family records and findings . I highly recommend it .
 The software is completely compatable for uploading into the various genomic projects and preserving a pedigree record of your family tree . It is fairly straightforward . However the audio tutorial part is quite boring . The instructor 's voice will put you to sleep and he digresses quite often into minutia when all you want is the simple path to loading data onto the pedigree . I would recommend fast forwarding his instructions only going to the parts you are interested in .
 I have just started using this product but I like the way that the screens are laid out as well as the reports and other pages . I like this product . It is very simple to use . I dont think that the extra money spent on FTM with the free time on Ancestry.com is worth it .
 I saw the review below and could n't help from laughing at this so called `` Network Administrator - Lead Help Desk Technician . '' In the review he stated that Microsoft found a problem with a file made by BullGuard . This statement should instantly raise a red flag , as BullGuard is a well know Security Software company . More then likely there are 2 conflicting antivirus or firewall programs trying to run at the same time and attempting to control each other . This is basic troubleshooting never run more then one antivirus program on the same computer , which just spells disaster . I feel sorry for the users that have to deal with this guy for their computer support . I have used BitDefender for years on my home PC and company computer and I have never had a virus infect my computer , BitDefender has detected many and taken care of each and everyone . But after all is said and done this is just my opinion . When I recommend an antivirus program , its usually to a novice computer user that just wants to be protected from viruses and other junk on the internet a.k.a -LRB- Spyware/Adware -RRB- . For this type of user I always recommend BitDefender and SpySweeper both are great programs that will keep you safe on the internet . The programs are from 2 different companies but both play nice when installed on the same computer.Here are a few Expert reviews that test them side by side . Always BitDefender is # 1 or right at the top . As of March 2006 , PC World ranks BitDefender as # 1 . As of February 2006 , TopTenReviews ranks BitDefender as # 1 . The AV Comparatives website gave BitDefender an excellent ranking , in addition to that BitDefender received the Virus Bulletin 100 % , and the list just keeps growing . Many will argue which is the best antivirus , but in all honesty as long as it 's in the top of all the reviews it 's a pretty safe bet .
 I 've been using this software for a few days now . I am using the antivirus only ; not the security suite . -LRB- I 'm using a 3rd party firewall . -RRB- I have had absolutely no problems with BitDefender , and as a matter of fact am very impressed with the antivirus so far . I uninstalled a major security suite due to the fact that it was not allowing me to configure firewall settings -- scripting errors would n't let me access the pages I needed . Anyway , BitDefender installed flawlessly , and I manually updated it immediately . After using the huge suites , it was disconcerting to have an on-demand file scan take only seconds . My start up time has improved significantly . BitDefender flagged 3 infections in a Thunderbird . sbd file that ca n't be removed -LRB- not BitDefender 's fault -- Thunderbird 's default should be set to allow antivirus to delete files singly instead of saving everything to one big file -RRB- . These are legitimately viruses ; but , are not hurting anything since they were never opened and are currently just occupying space . BitDefender has denied access to the infected files , even though it ca n't quarantine them -LRB- there must be a way to get rid of . sbd files , but I ca n't even do it manually -RRB- . The other big name security suite I had did n't even alert me to the fact that these viruses existed -LRB- nor presumably was it denying access -RRB- , but BitDefender did.After years of screens of options on the big names , BitDefender seems a bit sparse . This is turning out to be a gigantic plus . It does n't take forever to load , it scans individual files in a shockingly quick time and folders in an almost unbelieveably quick time when using the context menu -LRB- no screen comes up ; it just adds a `` rotating '' icon to the system tray -- only if the file is not good to go do you get an alert -RRB- . When an on-demand single-folder scan is initiated through the console or when a folder is dropped into File Zone , scan times are closer to what you are used to them being -LRB- complete with screen detailing -RRB- . What does this mean about the context menu scans ? I do n't know . In general , I have n't noticed any kind of system drag at all so far . In fact , using the combination of the 3rd party firewall and BitDefender , it almost feels like a new machine is in front of me.BitDefender Standard 9 has been rated best buy at pcmag.com and BitDefender 8 was rated third best antivirus at Consumer Reports , albeit in a 9/05 rating -LSB- one was a 2005 suite that is n't rating so well in 2006 and the other was an antivirus that begins with `` Kaspersky 5.0 '' that just did n't play nice with my machine , although I wish it had . :-RRB- -RSB- . If the context menu feature is actually working -LRB- its almost too good to be true -- it did n't notice the 3 . sbd infections in a folder , but maybe this is because it had already caught them and denied access to them -RRB- this may be the single best antivirus I 've seen in years -LRB- it will catch the infections every time during a console-initiated scan or when you drop folders into the File Zone -RRB- . The only other real minus I see to the software is that a full scan takes a very long time -LRB- I have a lot of files and an extra external hard drive -RRB- -- about 2-1/2 hours for my machine . The upside to that is that you can schedule the scan for late evening with a pc shutdown at the end , so it 's not really that big of a big downside . An annoyance I experienced was a problem with sending email , but this is because I had other email protection software running . As soon as I turned off one or the other outbound check , everything was spiffy . Another annoyance is that in trial mode , this software nags enough to qualify for an award in `` outstanding nagging . '' If I could be shown that a context menu scan is doing its job , then I 'd upgrade BitDefender 9 to 5 stars in a heartbeat . All minor complaints aside , really nice software !
 In searching the web , BITDEFENDER came up in comparisons as top of the list in most respects . It is easy to set up and easy to use and runs very well in the background .
 My son loves this game for PC . It has been great for him to learn to use the computer as well as animals , spanish and things about the rainforest . He was almost 3 years old when he first used it on the computer and now he is 5 . It was great help in getting him familiar with the computer , typing his own name , spelling , reading , learning animals , shapes , spanish , some songs , and more . He still loves this game and it is very educational as well as entertaining .
 My 4 year old son adores this game . We use it whenever we want to console him when he cries or treat him for learning his ABCDs properly.The game is very easy to use even if the boy/girl is using computer for the first time . My son learnt how to use the mouse effectively after playing this game . The mouse icon is quite big and intuitive . It raises the curiousity of young minds and they start clicking on all over the computer screen and slowly learn to click it effectively.My son also learnt quite a few English words after playing this game . He found that he has to abide by the rules to win a game.The game taught him so many things which would have been difficult to teach otherwise . I definitely recommend this game for all parents who have kids between 2-5 years of age .
 I bought this computer game for my 3-yr . old niece . She caught on very quickly since she is familiar with the computer and the mouse . I also purchased this for my friend 's son , who has n't used the computer as much . He struggled a little with the mouse since you have to point the mouse on specific features and then click after it is highlighted . If your child is n't familiar with using a mouse , you will have to help them until they get the hang of it . But since kids catch on rather quickly , it should n't take long . I recommend this game for beginners and kids who like animals . I have only explored the first level , so I expect levels 2 & 3 will be just as fun , but at a higher learning level .
 WE 've had this game for at least a couple of year 's now & my son still enjoy 's playing it occasionally . We got it when he was 3 or 4 , and now he is almost 6 ! He has quite a few PC games to choose from , and I think sometimes he just wants something familiar rather than a new challenge ... anyway , he has always loved this & it is a great game !!
 My 4 year old niece loves this game - it 's like the TV show with the gigantic mouse pointer to find objects on the screen . It helps with learning the mouse .
 Five stars for Dora from my four year old ! She has been playing , learning and having fun with it for a whole weel , and she came to me and said , `` thank you for buying Dora !! '' She just loves it !
 I bought this game for my three-year-old daughter . For the first three days this was all that she wanted to play . Within a day she could start the game herself and even figured how to feed the animals , selecting the amount of the different foods all at once instead of one-at-a-time . She really liked being able to play this game by herself . She really got a kick out of being more independent .
 I bought this for my 3 yr old granddaughter . She loves to play with Dora.It is easy for you to get from site to site on . She loves to print out the pictures that she has made with it .
 This game seems to be easy for 4 yr olds to navigate . Graphics are fun and interesting , instructions are simple and easy to follow . I think any 4 yr old would like this game very much .
 I got this game for my grandaughter for her 5th birthday . I wanted a game she could do herself without constantly having to aske someone to help her . She really likes this game and is able to do most of it herself without help .
 My daughter learned a lot of skills since her age 2 to count , listen and repeat dora stories as the stories are adventerous and simple for her to follow through each of them.This software edition is making her enjoying playing with it on computer
 I am happy with this game . Not only does my son enjoy playing it , it works on Window 7 program .
 I purchased this for some users who needed a refresher course . They thought it was a great aid .
 When I found out that I had to learn how to use Crystal Reports , I knew that I wanted to learn it either in a formal classroom setting or by video . When I saw this CD-Rom was available and at an amazingly reasonable price -LRB- let 's face it , if you buy a book , it would cost the same price or more -RRB- , I was n't sure what to expect , but I was pleasantly surprised . The lessons assume that you do n't know anything about Crystal Reports -LRB- literally nothing -RRB- and starts off by introducing you to the Crystal Reports environment , its menus/toolbars/windows and then goes into how to create data connections and a basic report in easy to follow and logical sequence . While I agree with one reviewer that it does n't go into real detail in the instruction , it does however , go into it enough where you could feel comfortable to at least begin to use the features of Crystal Reports to build a report . Completing all the lessons definitely wo n't make you `` an expert level '' user but it does take quite a bit of `` the edge off '' of the intimidation of learning what a number of my co-workers described as a difficult program to learn . Also it will teach you enough to become at least a competent user which can be enough to encourage you to become an expert through experience and additional instruction from other sources . You 're probably wondering if I felt so positive about it why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 , it was because I felt there were a few instances where the instructor explained something where I wished he could have explained it either differently or have a visual example of it.Even so , I highly recommend this product if you are a complete novice and learn better from video media than text media . One comment about Crystal Reports for the complete novice
 This tutorial is great . it is setup to train the very beginner to the advanced . someone that has not used a lot of windows applications will be able to follow the tutorial very well.for the more advanced windows application person , the first part may be a little boring but you can advanced ahead until you get to your knowledge base level . great training material
 I was somewhat intimidated by Crystal . It is a great program and is very powerful . This tutorial worked me through learning the program in and easy and methodical fashion . It is a lot of hours , but well worth the effort .
 Being a young musician , and not knowing very much about playing bass , this program was very usefull to me . I was pretty much looking for something that would allow me to plug my bass into my computer for recording purposes but I also learned a lot from the lessons . A great buy .
 This product does what is otherwise impossible
 Just got this from Best Buy , looks great so far . I am an absolute beginner and I was worried it would be too advanced for me , but it really does start at the beginning . A lot of information , but it is presented well . I highly recommend .
 Good product ... a ton of information on guitar playing and styles ...
 We are quite impressed with this product . My son is 6 years old and is doing very well . My husband , who is not a proficient typist has begun using it and is also progressing . This product is good for the young and old.Its the best product we 've seen in our search for typing software .
 Best typing tutor software I 've had , not only has great lessons , has fun games to help as well !
 My daughters are 4.5 & 2.5 yrs . They play this game together . They needed some assistance in the beginning but quickly caught on . My older child navigates thru the rooms very well . My younger child is able to point out objects and is learning mouse skills ! They do very well as a team.Each screen has a box of text with the objects to be found . There is an ` ear ' to click on if your child is n't able to read that will read the entire list of items , or you can click on each item individually to hear it what it is . The items change colors when they are found , so that you can see which ones are still left to find . Every now and then my girls require assistance finding a few items , and there 's been quite a few times I wished there was a hint button because I could n't find the item , lol . BTW , there is NOT a hint button . The game saves itself so you can stop mid-game and come back another day to play.My age range for this is 4.5 yrs -LRB- depending on your childs skills -RRB- up thru elementary school . I enjoyed it as an adult , but went thru it quickly . There are 3 difficulty levels to each game .
 A + on this ISpy game . It is easy enough for the 4 yr old to play with some assistance and the 8 yr old can play solo . I 've even enjoyed it and found it fun.A definate buy and worth the money !
 Adults in our family fight over this game !! Even tho it 's rated for children , it sharpens your mind and challenges your thinking . I hope Scholastic will make more .
 ALL of the I Spy games are wonderful - Fun , Educational and are great Learning Tools . My granddaughter -LRB- age 61/2 -RRB- has a learning disability and can not yet read . After downloading I Spy Fun House from a game site - she fell in love with the I Spy Series . We now own 6 of them and just received I Spy Fantasy . What I like about the games is that even though she can not read - she can simply place the cursor over the text portion of what she 's searching for and it reads it outloud for her again . Since she has been playing the I SPY games - she has learned many new words and is learning to recognize the alphabet and numbers . Her concept skills have improved since some of the items she searches for may say - `` I see three `` fours '' - she 's learned that this can be the actual number `` 4 '' or it can be four dots on a dice , etc. . So , her skills of observation are improving daily . Because of her learning disability - she often feels frustrated and gets upset with her work but the I Spy games give her a real sense of accomplishment and pride . She 's so very happy when she completes a level and collects a game piece or a token or an ingredient for making `` shrinking soup '' to escape from the Spooky Mansion - she then puts all of the clues together and solves the game for each level we play . I highly recommend these games - all of them - for plain old FUN for the kids , but also for a great educational tool . I do n't think you would be disappointed with any of the game titles but we especially love Spooky House and Fantasy - and , now , I SPY Mystery .
 My kids love playing this game ! It is fun for my six-year-old and his sister , who is three , loves to spy things too . The game includes three levels of difficulty for three different themes
 I got this pc game when my grandson was 3 . He is now almost 6 and he still digs it out when he comes over . His 3 year old sister now enjoys it too . Of course she needs help but she loves the mermaid adventure and the princess adventure . I also have I Spy Spooky Mansion and they love that one too . I even find the games fun to play . My 10 year old granddaughter enjoys them , as well . This is great quality time for parents or grandparents and I highly recommend it . I am looking into buying more Scholastic CD games -LRB- maybe , Math Mission -RRB- as they are very educational . Money well spent !
 We love all the ISpy games , books and computer games . My son has been doing them since he was 2 . He is 6 and never gets tired of them . This game is worth it .
 Sorry , we have n't actually opened it yet , it is a Christmas gift for my son . We have played the game elsewhere and that is why he wanted it from Santa Claus . Happy Day to you !
 This is one of the most mentally challenging games for children . I bought the game for my 5 year old and he loved it . I will caution parents however , that if your child is a nonreader or an emerging reader as my son is you will need to be present while they play . There is a feature that enables the child to scroll over the clues to hear them verbally but parents still need to guide their very young children through the game . There are no hints in the game so young kids could become frustrated and quit if left to their own devices . I love the game as a learning tool . It is very educational unlike the video games that promote shooting and killing . That being said , I do recommend still limiting the time that your child plays -LRB- mine is allowed no more than 20-30 minutes -RRB- . Any video game can become addictive . Free , natural play is still best for children . I say this as an educator by trade and an involved mom . Educational games are great but do n't neglect to turn your child loose in the backyard to run wild and have fun !
 Lots of fun ... economical too . If you have more than one child , each one signs on with his or her name , so a different level game is played with each particular child . I play this with my grandsons and we have a great time . If you keep playing it , there are more cleverly hidden clues and again it is great fun !
 My 5 year-old grandson absolutely ca n't wait to play this whenever he visits . It goes on forever and is a great way to spend time with him .
 I am pleased with the game and how quickly it arrived . I bought this game to use as a `` reward '' for completed work and appropriate behavior in a life skills special education class . The kids enjoy it and request I Spy when a reward is offered .
 I was n't sure about a subscription service , but the downloadable images are well worth the cost -- the images and other items that come in the package are worthless .
 I 'm downloading like crazy and it 's worth every penny ... so much to choose from !
 We received this game for our almost 3 year old son this Christmas . He adores it ! The graphics are fabulous and the screen can scroll to the left and to the right , which increases the game 's play area . There are about 5 games to be played , and my son is able to navigate throughout all of them without any help from me . After completing any game , you receive a `` prize '' which are all collected in another area of the game . There are a couple of reading and matching games which are a little old for him , so the game will grow with him . Even in the game 's `` home '' area , you can go to different objects in the workshop which will animate when clicked upon . It is really cute , I even enjoy playing it with him !
 I bought this program for my daughters after I read that it received an excellent review in the Children 's Software Review magazine . I was expecting it to be good but it surpassed my expectations . The graphics are amazing and simply the best that I have ever seen on a children 's software program . Playing the game is like watching a high-definition movie ! The characters are sweet and lovable and the games are so creative . My girls actually fight over who gets to play it . This is a fresh , fun entertaining gem of children 's software !
 I would tell you how happy I am with this product , but it would be easier just to tell you that both of my kids still play the little games in Wizmo 's Workshop over and over even though they have probably played them a 1000 times ! The world and art of the game are colorful and beautifully created , and the characters fit perfectly . A must have if you like to look for quality , fun games for your children .
 This game is great ! Not only can kids play and learn different skills ; like naming colors and shapes , and being creative ; it is also just fun to play . You can shoot arrows at different objects , catch all kinds of bugs , match patterns , draw pictures , and match cards -- but the player is also part of a bigger picture.Each time the player finishes a round , they earn a special prize , which in turn helps the characters build a special machine . The game is top notch in every category.It 's also fun for adults -- there 's some hilarious prizes and hidden jokes ... look out for that dancing turtle or that laughing rock !
 This is a wonderful program full of fantastic graphics and wonderful characters . The voices of the little dragons are wonderful . I would agree that the game is more suited to 3-4 year olds but my 6 year old loved showing his little brother how it was done . A very worth while purchase in a difficult market .
 Wismo 's Workshop is an excellent childrens game ... The game teaches the children numbers , abc 's , colors while still letting them have fun ... It has match games , and also lets them create their own pictures . You can tell the people that created this game knows about children and dedicated their time and talent to prove it ... Way to go guys ! What are you waiting for , go get this game !!!
 What a cute game ! I got it for my 3 year old niece and she loved it ! She was clicking and laughing the whole time . Great characters and fun games . I do n't know about the 3-6 year age thing , it might be a tad young for six year olds , but it is good for kids to practice their computer skills too , clicking on things and moving the mouse . The graphics are very good , especially for a young children 's game . I hope to see more from this company . The only reason I did n't give it five stars isI wish there was a little more to do . There are four game areas and one drawing area , I think they could have added one or twomore game areas or had more than one game in an area .
 I was able to see the pre-production version and it is filled with cute characters and things to do . As an elementary teacher , I can recommend this game for k-2 students to help inprove their matching and math grades . It will keep them occupied in a learning environment for hours . Great start for this company .
 This software ranks on par with Giggles and Kid Pix Deluxe 4 . Supreme graphical animations of baby dragons and smooth movement in a detailed background make this game a serendipitous experience for both a three-year-old and her dad . Excellent puzzles make the experience challenging and fun .
 After trying different fonts from other manufacturers I find that this product works best and it has a high a variety of different styles shapes and forms of fonts . These fonts have improved my writing Steeles by making my dictation look more professional . I highly recommend this product to anyone that is looking for a CD with abundance of fonts .
 I was not disappointed in this group of fonts . I have had trouble in the past getting them to install and this was easy and worked like a charm . I would recommend them to anyone .
 Tousands of great fonts ! And you can choose to explore the CD and copy them all to your pc -LRB- 170MB -RRB- .
 Many more fonts to choose from -- an excellent value .
 I found some good fonts to add to my collection . It defintely is a superior product with very cool fonts for the money .
 I just got this and I 'm very happy with it . The program installed easily . It has a preview screen and you can pick and choose which fonts you want to install . It has a terrific variety of fonts -LRB- 2,600 of them -RRB- plus 300 handwritten fonts and 15,000 alphabet and headline images . It 's exactly what I was looking for .
 I received fast delivery and great service and it was the Broderbund collection of fonts which is about as good as it gets . Nicely done , highly recommended .
 For the past few years my digital camera memory cards were full , then I used this product and was amazed how easy it is to create great slide shows with music , text and transitions that made sharing my photos fun . Even `` outtakes '' are great because you just add text and a bad photo makes the slide show even more enjoyable . Highly recommend this product -- you can have your slide show done literally within minutes . Adding music , transitions , text , pan and zoom can all be done by simply checking a box . The music can even be timed to last as long as the photos . You can burn a DVD then even create and print a custom label using wonderful templates included . My first attempt at creating a slide show was easy , fun and rewarding using this product -- best price value . My family and friends are all using this product now too .
 I bought this for my 17-year-old daughter . She considers herself to be quite the photographer . This product is wonderful ! -- With this , she can even make ME look good !! -- You can custom crop , change colors , contrast , backgrounds , borders , add captions , effects , etc. . You can even change your eye color -- crop out one person and add another -- take that ugly shadow off your face . -- zoom in on your child on the football field + actually SEE him/her CLEARLY !! -- For most home photographers , or even those semi - `` pros '' -LRB- like my daughter -RRB- this is ALL YOU NEED !!
 I liked this package for what it is . Good practice in comprehension . The first CD really does a good job of teaching pronunciation . It goes through vowels , consonants , and combinations . Lots of examples are given . Then , the course goes through all basic vocabulary
 Most of the self teaching material out there is books.This one has no book , as said by another reviewer.This is a good way to supplement your beginning French reading material with something that has audio.As with learning any language or skill , there is no `` one product '' that does it all.If you need a beginner level audio program to go with your beginning French reading material , this is a good selection.An easy way to get your French off the ground.This is for beginners , it is not for those who already have a solid grasp on French .
 I just loaded all 12 disks with no problems . I just completed Human Anatomy in college and bought this software to keep the things I learned in my memory fresh . This set is awesome . The content is current and the graphics are detailed . Buy it .
 This is another great item , my girlfriend loves it.It helped her allot with her nursing course.This was money well spent.It says 12 CD set , but it really was a 2 DVD set.Don ' t buy any of the bonus CDs , they 're junk -LRB- not worth the $ 5 s/h you must pay for them -RRB- .
 This 12 CD set has been upgraded by the company and conveniently placed on two DVD 's . The company offers to send you the 12CDs absolutely free if for any reason the DVD format does not work for you . I have had no problems with this software in its DVD presentation.Overall , I find `` Human 3D '' an excellent , interesting and comprehensive software program for quick reference to medical terms , anatomy of the body , and human physiology . It is filled with guided tours making body systems easier to understand . Its medical dictionary also contains important anatomical references in the Latin and its Physiology `` Systems Guide '' would give even the novice student a good understanding of the body 's biological processes.Human Body 's definitions and exegetical comments are well written and easy to read . It 's X-Ray Viewer and its 3D tool makes the study of Anatomy and Physiology fun and interesting for the whole family . A bargain at the price .
 As a medical student I found it to be very helpfull with my study
 AS I HAVE TWO NURING STUDENTS IN THE FAMILY , THIS IS A GREAT TOOL FOR THEM TO USE !!!
 Great product ! I liked the size of the workbook ... even though I was expecting it to be bigger or of at least normal page size . No biggy ... you just zoom in when your copying ! Speedy delivery . Excellent condition ! Have used it a lot .
 Freeway 3.5 is super great ! I 'm an artist who was tired of pestering my web designer to update my site ... and got tired of paying for it too ... I have a decent design sense , so I did some research and found Freeway . I now do the website for the architectural firm I work at too . It really is super intuitive ! There were a few bumps along the way ... but overall I 'm thrilled . Email the company that writes the program softpress.com to see if they have any online user group coupons to get the program cheaper !
 I searched high and low on the internet to find Mac OSX software to develop my website , and am I glad I found Freeway ! I had first tried using Adobe GoLive . What a headache ! I slogged through their incomprehensible manual and I could n't even figure out how to set up a new file . And I even had a 16-year-old computer whiz helping me ! Dumped that program off my computer fast!With Freeway , I did the two or three tutorials that came on the CD or that I downloaded from their website , and I was well on my way to developing my own site . The program even comes with a full-feature printed manual besides the `` getting started '' manual that has the tutorials in it . Call me old-fashioned , but I just ca n't get used to pdf manuals on CD . I find it so hard find anything in them , let alone find it again!My background is in graphic design for the print industry , and using Freeway is a lot like using a print-based design program like CorelDraw or QuarkXpress . I did n't have to worry about html encoding or any of that . Freeway does that for you . If I had a question and could n't find the answer in the manuals , I was able to go to the website support documents to find the answer . There is also an email discussion list to which you can subscribe.I do n't have alot of bells and whistles on my website , -LRB- ... -RRB- but I 'm able to update and maintain it very easily myself . If I had more time , I 'd like to learn more , but being a sole proprietor of a fiber arts store , time is scarce . I must say I 've gotten many compliments on the website . And it was all possible because Freeway made it fast and easy to do.If you 're looking for a Mac-based program for web design , look no further . This one will do you just fine !
 great game ... its really fun to play this game with other people on Gamespy ... because you can meet people from other parts of the world who love to play the same game as you do ... its a must buy ... Bought it for 11 dollars tho ... just do n't play with the PC alone ... that 's boring no matter how the game creator made it ...
 Monopoly is always a good game to play . But I wish the software was faster during the game . The waiting time between actions can be boring
 This game is totaly cool . It is based on the original Monopoly but it is like for computers . It has boards for most of the major north american cities . The tokens like they talk man . It is really cool . You can also adjust the rules such as the amount paid for passing GO and the level of income tax . Each city has totally cool pictures of the properties man . Like I said this game is way cool .
 What can you say about Monopoly ? It is quite simply a classic board game . But board games do n't always translate well to the PC . A monitor is not a game board , and keyboards sometimes get between a player and the game . However , Monopoly , with its reliance on strategy , translates pretty well to PC.My first Monopoly PC game was originally written for DOS , and I played the Windows 3.1 version . I decided to buy this new version for my Windows XP machine . The multimedia effects , while better , are n't as cutting-edge as the older version was . The only people who 'll be amazed are those who have been living in a cave for the past five years.What is new are the voices . The older version had lots of sound effects - sometimes just to make noise . In this version , not only do the tokens make appropriate noises , they talk as well . What they say is appropriate . The dog , for example , when landing on a property he owns states that it `` smells like home . '' However they only have so many phrases to repeat , and it does n't take long for them to become annoying.There is also a narrator doing play by play , including reading the Chance and Community Chest cards drawn . The narration is complete enough that visually impaired folks may actually find this to be an acceptable game . It certainly is better in this regard than it 's previous version , but you still ca n't feel the board projected on the monitor , nor can you do things like count your money out loud , so not all the challenges have been overcome.The animations in my older version consisted mostly of little clips that played during the token movements . They added nothing to the game play . While they were fascinating , and fairly advanced for the time , once you saw them each , there was no reason to not turn them off . This version is different.In this version during game play the board is rotated , tilted , and zoomed in and out of to allow you to see what 's going on . But it can be a little disorienting at first . Imagine playing the low-tech board version of Monopoly without a chair , moving around the table while you play . It 's easy to loose track of which side of the board you 're looking at ! But it does allow you to see what 's going on , and who owns what better than some of your other tools.Speaking of tools , there is a calculator available that can do things like estimate your potential earnings , and other statistical functions . But if you 're really into that sort of thing , you 'll find it 's a bit limiting in what it can do , and ca n't handle the `` what-if 's '' the strategist may want to know.The biggest drawback is the speed of the game during trades . You need to think fast , and you do n't get much opportunity to gather more information when a trade is proposed . I would suggest not worrying about the time . Let it expire . Take your time , and then go back and propose it as a new trade.If you like playing Monopoly , and either want to play against computer generated AI players , or on-line against opponents far away , this game is a must . If the only way you play Monopoly is with live people surrounding a table , the multimedia effects of this game wo n't replace that social interaction , but you might find this game to be a fun way to practice between parties.The bottom line
 If you love Monopoly you will love this game . The graphics are very good . Players have the options of playing one of many North American cities , such as Atlanta , Boston , Dallas , New York ect.There is only one city outside of the United States and that is Toronto . They could add Montreal or Vancouver or even Mexico City . Of course the original Atlantic city version is also available.The properties on the board have images that show these city specific properties . But , the chance and community chest cards reflect the original Atlantic City version . So if a card says take a walk on the Boardwalk the token moves to the corrosponding property . On the New York board `` Boardwalk '' is `` Fifth Avenue '' . `` St. Charles Place '' is `` Central Park '' . Other properties are the Staue of Liberty , Wall Street and the Empire State Biulding . The Los Angeles Board has properties from around the Los Angeles Area.The game has a toggle button where the player can switch from the main view to the status view . In staus view , all of the players assets are seen . This is useful for trading . Also this game has a Game Calculator where players can determine the net value of themselves and other players , tell the probability of landing on a particular property on a single roll , as well as other statistics.The tokens have speaking voices . And yes , they can be repetitive and annoying , this feature is good for children but you can switch it off in the options menu . The `` horse and rider '' token does a really bad immitation of Clint Eastwood . When it lands on another players property it says ; `` Now do n't make me mad ! '' The cannon is funny , it sounds like a Confederated Civil War Officer.The computer version allows you to adjust the rules . Such as setting fines and taxes as well as adjusting the salary for passing `` GO '' . You can not create your own board but that is trivial . It is still fun with the city options that are available . It would be great if they added cities such as London , Paris , or Rome . I am originally from New York State so my favorite board is the New York City Board .
 Monopoly is a classic boardgame , and most families will have played the game and probably had plenty of fun . Monopoly 3 takes this to a new level.The game is very easy to get to grips with
 Much better than the original online version and I really like the cities board additions as well as the camera views and animations . My only problems with this game is the sickning music and voices that only say 1 or 2 differnt sayings each time . They also needed to add the starwars board and all other versions of monopoly remakes into this as well . Other than that I give it a thumbs up
 The graphics are so cool and the game is totally addictive . Nice .
 My wife and I are avid adventure gamers and , to help pass the time until `` URU
 Your friend , Richard , a Chemistry buff , has discovered a strange amulet that , combined with certain experiments , allows him access to another dimension . You are supposed to meet with him to discuss his findings , but discover he has disappeared . It seems the denizens of this other dimension are n't too pleased ! They think Richard 's visits have upset the stability of their world and are holding him prisoner . Now you must cross the dimensions and prove your friendship by restoring a mysterious `` Transmitter Molecule . '' _ Chemicus _ is a first person game very much in the style of MYST
 This is great game but it is NOT easily solved . It has Myst like elements where you find puzzles and solve them to move around . The game has a twist where you keep an inventory of items you will need in other areas of the game . The hints that came with the game were helpful . . I hated to use them but after getting stuck and not making progress after a few hours I had to take a quick peek to continue . At first I thought it was too easy but then it got hard . If anyone writes otherwise they are not being truthful . I took many chem classes in college and not everything is intuitive in the game . Infact , sometimes you know what to do but the game only lets you do things in order to perform a task and you think that you are wrong -LRB- but you 're not -RRB- . You only switch CD 's once ever and then you are done . I copied the help file to my computer so I would not have to reference it off of the disk . The only part I did not like was the navigation . If it had not been for that I would have given it 5 stars . . All in all I have zero regrets getting this game . I had just finished playing Myst III and I wanted another same type game . great buy
 Beautiful graphics , and really hard . This game is not easy , and that 's the way I like it ! -LRB- If you are n't like me , the makers of the game put a walkthrough on one of the CD-ROMs in case you get stuck . -RRB- This game is a first-person point & click in the style of Myst . There is a lot of area to cover and a lot of hard puzzles . It ran smoothly , and was hours of fun . For the length of time this game will take you it 's also a really good value for the price . I liked it more than it 's two predecessors -LRB- also good ! -RRB- , Physicus and Bioscopia .
 This game was challenging , I enjoyed it almost as much as myst . There were no glitches , the graphics were intense !! I would recommend this to everybody !
 I have a good time playing this game and got frustrated many times . I used to be good in Chemistry in school , but after so many years without it , I had to really pay attention to see the point . Although it has a computer with all the information you will need . It 's like a library you can rely on anytime . The story is intelligent and well done . And you feel like you are in a classroom inside a simulator . Really good . It 's a family game . And if you are good in Chemistry , you are my hero , because you will be able to solve the game faster than me . If you are not , just give it a try . It 's very cultural and fun .
 Chemicus was a great game , very educational , but it should have been split into two parts or something , because that game dragged on and on and on , and stuffed you up with so many facts and education that you ended up forgetting them all or getting them mixed up by the end of it . The graphics were amazing.There are two drawbacks to all three games :1 -RRB- It is virtually impossible to find one 's way around them without a walkthrough . Bioscopia and Chemicus provided excellent walkthroughs on the installation CD , but we had to Google one for Physikus .2 -RRB- The endings of all three of them were lame . Of all the endings , Physicus 's was probably the most impressive , which really is n't saying much . The endings are a real disappointment.Of the three games -LRB- Physicus , Chemicus , and Bioscopia -RRB- , I would say that Bioscopia was the best , though Chemicus would have achieved first place if it had n't been for the length.But , probably if you 're going to play one of them , you should play them all . They 're kind of `` sister games '' .
 This game is based on a story book . Stripy , the little Raven , is the main character . He borrows Bear 's trike and crashes it . Along the way the child makes choices about what to do . For example to begin with the child has to decide whether to tell the truth or a lie about how the trike got broken . Kids learn about consequences and how their actions affect others in this game . Too many wrong choices and you end up in the Time Out Cave . It 's pretty boring there , so the child helps Stripy make the right choices , then they can join in the game again.Stripy acts like your typical toddler/preschooler . So do the other animal characters . The folks who designed this really knew kids . The children really identify with the characters and situations in the story.As for restarting the game , you choose a picture at the beginning , and remember which one you chose , and then go back to that one and the game is supposed to start where you left off.I love Tivola games because the graphics and music are so soft . It 's a lot different than the majority of children 's cartoonish software out there.This program is based on a picture book.It 's a lot of fun for the kids . My two -- 3 and 6 love it .
 This game is very sweet ; something that moms will be happy to let their kids play . It teaches little ones about cooperation , and about making responsible choices . I love that there is a Timeout Cave for when The Little Raven chooses to do something less than nice . Overall , it is a very cute storybook-type game , that should satisfy young kids and parents .
 This game is sooooo cute . I bought it for my daughter and I and we just loved it . I personally loved the Time Out Cave ! This game is adorable .
 Have you ever seen a 3 year old addict ? Buy this game and you will . No more Reader Rabbit . No more Mickey Mouse Toddler . No more JumpStart . Thomas , Thomas , Thomas ! And it has n't stopped with software . He 's moved on to videos and books . He 's recently begun playing DIRECTLY with the trains . We 've tried to get him into rehab but they 're all full .
 My son started playing this when he was about 2 , and he still enjoys it over a year later . There is a good variety of activities posing challenges at different level so that it keeps the child 's interest over time . One added feature that would be nice is if the game changed with each new play like some of the other kids ' games -LRB- like Putt Putt -RRB- do .
 We gave this game to my 2 yr old , who loves trains . The game looks and plays well , my 41/2 enjoyed it , but my 2 yr old was unable to play it , due to the dependance of pointing-and-clicking . Once the kids master hand-eye-mouse control , then they should enjoy it .
 I work with autistic children and thus far this game has been worth its weight in gold . It 's simple enough for the younger children to operate with a bit of demonstration and for a couple of my kids is the only thing I can motivate them with .
 My son started playing this game when he was about 3 years old and just loves it . He 's almost four and he 's still playing with it . He 's now at the point where he does n't even need help and manage to play on his own .
 We 've just had this game a couple of days . My 4 year old likes the game pretty well so far . I 've installed it on two computers now . On one that never had anything older than Windows XP on it , it runs fine . On the older one -LRB- the kiddo 's computer -RRB- that is running XP , but had Windows NT on it long ago , it would tell me that the OS could n't run the game . It seems that a title for the OS , including the string `` Windows NT '' , is coded in somewhere on the hard drive , even though the machine is now running XP . In that case , setting the compatibility mode to Windows 95 let it run successfully .
 I run windows xp home edition on my PC and the game worked fine , I just clicked on the compatibility tab to have it run in windows 98 format like the other reviewer suggested . A few error messages come up about not being able to print -LRB- no big deal since my little guy is n't too interested in printing the stuff out anyways , might be a big deal to other munchkins maybe ? -RRB- , I just hit the enter key a few times to make the error messages go away and the game loads and plays.My 5 year old little guy , who is a huge thomas fan , absolutely loves this game and plays it all by himself without needing any help or assistance . The actual games are a bit simplistic so not a huge amount of `` replay '' value but on the other hand they are n't likely to frustrate little kids either . Cut scenes showing the trains and sir topham hat are fun to watch my little guy loves the 3D graphics .
 Kids 2-5 love it . But you already know that from the other reviews . I wanted to comment on compatibility.I believe we have this edition - it 's fairly old , and it has the Hasbro brand.It appears to work fine on both XP -LRB- SP3 -RRB- and Vista Home Basic . I installed it on XP a long time ago and do n't remember if I had to do anything special , but I do n't immediately see anything . I just now installed it on Vista , and it appears to work fine immediately.Printing does switch away from the window , and you have to switch back manually . -LRB- That 's why it only gets four stars . -RRB- BTW , this game is great for teaching mouse-eye coordination .
 My son is a gamer - he loves anything on the computer or game systems !! Was a huge Thomas fan - enjoyed the games !!!
 My grandparents gave me this game when I was 4 years old , and I was having a good time with it . It was fun to play and I never got tired of it . if you have a young child who idolizes Thomas , buy this game and other Thomas software ! They 'll enjoy it for hours and hours !
 My son loves this game . One part of the adventure is to help Cranky the Crain match colors and shapes .
 Was using the previous version , when one day I noticed a banner display on my Spyware X-terminator program display that mentioned a free update to version 2005 . So I jumped on the deal.I like the updated interface design.The program found several items that other scanners had missed.The new version adds colored dots -LSB- buttons ? -RSB- that indicate the severity of the item it found , from LOW to HIGH , and also an UNKNOWN.I 've only tried it a few times . Since the 1st run through one 's pc really cleans things up , it 's hard to compare it directly to another anti-sppware cleaner . -LSB- What I should have done was to run it ONLY to DETECT the `` mal-ware '' and then ran my other anti-spy programs and compared -RSB- : - items found-items missed -LSB- if any -RSB- - etcBut I did n't . All things considered , my 2 favorites are :1 . Webroot spy-sweeper2 . Spyware Xterminator 2005
 Hmmm ... I 've been using this product for a couple of months now , and really like it . Got me set up quickly with it 's templates , and is pretty simple to use . I bought it because I 've used their Submit Wolf product to get other sites submitted fast , and used their other services for the `` pay to play '' engines . The checks for last month alone paid for everything ... Works for me ...
 Well , I gave this a four star because of the hidden plays . They are plays when you do something very good . You ca n't turn them off , that is why I gave it a four . All the rest is fun and adventous . You can make up plays . Another thing that is good is that it has all of the NFL teams plus made up ones . You pick all eight players , then you play Football ! There are three modes , single play , season , and trophy case . If you win the playoffs , you get to play in the Cereal Bowl -LRB- Like the Super bowl -RRB- !
 My son plays this all the time . It is hard to get him to quit . He plays football and it also helps him with his game .
 Because it 's fun that you get to pick the players . And there kids.I like to read there stats.i think it fun to make a team.Then i like to practice . Games are really fun.I think the teams in the Chamhpionship should be even harder then ever . I like really ever thing about it .
 ... It scans fairly quick , has simple directions , and sends the pages to Claris Works . It picks up drawings well and is a really great OCR program .
 Having been a user of Textbridge and Omnipage , I was never impressed with OCR and the `` hype '' of the `` supposed '' 99 % or 98 % accuracy . Such numbers seemed like something from a snake oil salesman . -LRB- Never attained in the `` real World '' -RRB- . But ABBYY Fine reader Pro 5.0 really blew me away with it 's ease of use and it 's accuracy.Coworkers that saw my copy of ABBYY Finereader 5.0 Pro in action immediately wanted the software on their pc too . -LRB- Sorry folks , you have to wait until next fiscal year to get your OWN copy/license -RRB- . Fast , accurate , easy to use.A software product that actually is WORTH the $ 100 pricetag .
 After strugling with the Intellisync trial for about four weeks , I was happy to find this product.PDAsync1 . Allows direct sync between the Palm Desktop and Lotus Notes -LRB- not supported in Intellisync -RRB- .2 . Allows you to switch synchronization targets -LRB- does not work in Intellisync . Their tech support says you ca n't do that -RRB- . For me this is a basic requirement .3 . Is half the price of Intellisync.The interface is a litle puzzling at first . But after you `` get it '' , the product is easy to use .
 I use PDAsync to keep my IPaq updated with my work AND my home PC . I use PDAsync to update my Ipaq at work , then I bring my Ipaq home and use PDAsync to sync my Ipaq with my home PC . PDAsync does n't mess up my duplicates like my other PDA software always did -- Plus I have found that it seems to transfer much faster .
 This product has everything in one package . No need to buy separate synch software for CE or Palm if you use both . The downside is that it takes a long time to synch especially the first time . Make sure to look around for best price as there is a great variation in pricing -LRB- for the download -RRB- .
 ... PDAsync is actually a pretty decent product . Although it wo n't transfer the notes field in ACT 2000 into a PocketPC ... , it WILL permit you to map other customized fields ... ...
 I want to make sure I can pass my act . I brought this and gave it a shot . I think this is fun and it will prepair you fast . It is easy to understand and use . It is perfect to become aware of the real test . I say try it . You really have nothing to lose .
 I used to have an older version of Picture It ! and it had slightly different settings . I miss being able to change the focus of the photo and see the result on the screen . It is important for some photos to be more focused and others to be softened . There is an option to change the focus but not until you get to the printing stage and then you ca n't see what it will look like . Another idea would be to change the icons back to their familiar shapes with the apple for tint , the eye for brightness and focus , etc. . Overall a good product but I look foward to seeing improvements .
 I decided to go with Picture It 10 based on Consumer Reports on this and other photo editing software . So far it has proven better than I would have expected . Pretty easy to get into and use from scratch . And it has many features new to me and has been easy to learn . Glad I got it .
 Lots of features and very simple to use .
 This is one of the best photo editors I have ever used . To bad it is not compatable with windows 7 . Reworked an old out dated xp computer to install it on and use this program to edit and save pictures on.I then move them to windows 7 computer to share with friends . Product is easy to use , a drop down menu shows all options on screen , and their are lots more saving options than with the new windows photo editor on Winows 7 .
 Red eye is to easy to eliminate with this program . But there are other features that have since become favorites . I only use Picture It now .
 If you want to get the digital photos out of your camera and out in email , this is a good place to start . Snapfire puts the basic functions where you can find them and makes them relatively easy to understand . It helps if you understand pixel dimensions , but it is n't required.The first thing you need to do is to see how big your photo will be when displayed on the computer screen of the email recipient . Simply open the photo and click on `` zoom to 100 % . '' That 's the true size . If you drag your photo into the Photo Tray -LRB- see more below on dragging restrictions -RRB- , you can also see the photo dimensions and the file size by placing your cursor over the photo thumbnail.If the photo is too big and you want to resize it , you can do so from the Edit menu -LRB- `` Resize '' -RRB- by setting new pixel dimensions -LRB- e.g. 800x600 -RRB- or by setting the new size as a percentage of the original . Then view the resulting photo size by using `` zoom to 100 % '' . When it 's the right size , save it.Crop is also easy . You can crop to any shape you want , or to standard proportions -LRB- e.g. 4x6 -RRB- . Again , `` zoom to 100 % '' to see the results.That 's pretty much all it takes to get a photo ready for email . My only complaint is that when you have resized a photo and it is still in your editing window , you ca n't see its current properties -LRB- dimensions and file size -RRB- without saving it . -LRB- When you save it , it is placed in the Photo Tray , and you can put your cursor over it to see the details . -RRB- Snapfire has standard photo enhancement options such as red-eye correction , `` quick fix , '' adjustments to brightness and warmth , and also a `` makeover '' option which can be used to whiten teeth and remove blemishes . You can also , of course , rotate photos . And you can insert text and add picture frames.The same options are available in other software , but I like the fact that this product is not so overloaded with options that it is difficult to use . I would find it relatively easy to guide someone through the processes even if they were inexperienced . And it still has all the features I would need.I have n't used the Download software , but it appears to put the photos into My Pictures , the standard location . When you go to the Snapfire Home page , you first highlight the folder you want to work with using `` Find Files '' in the left pane . The individual photos in that folder will appear on the right in the main editing screen . From there you can select one photo to edit , or drag multiple photos into the Photo Tray at the bottom for easier access . If you put your cursor over a photo in the Photo Tray you can see its dimensions and size.One option that I personally like is the ability to unlock the aspect ratio when resizing a photo . If you ever capture photos from a video source , you sometimes may find the photos to be distorted . For example , people may look fat . Unlocking the aspect ratio allows you to fix the photos.A warning
 Snapfire and Snapfire Plus are new photo software from Corel . Snapfire was recently released as a free download and Snapfire Plus is a budget priced upgrade which adds more advanced features.The one thing consumers ask for the most is a photo software that is easy to learn and use . Corel 's answer is Snapfire 's Message Center . From this one window , you can keep up with the latest news , updates and specials . More importantly , you have easy access to many tips and tutorials.Snapfire has automated photo downloading from your camera , memory card or CD . Just plug in one of these and the Photo Downloader automatically starts . You can set download options for how it works . Snapfire will automatically rotate your photos when needed , check for and download only the photos added since the last download and automatically delete the photos from your camera after downloading them to the folder of your choice on your hard drive.Once your photos are downloaded , you can use Quick Review to view photos in full screen mode and use the floating toolbar for tasks such as adding photo information , ratings and captions or starting Photo Fix . Snapfire 's Photo Doctor analyzes your photos and makes suggestions for Quick Fix . With Photo Fix , you can pan , zoom and make corrections such as brightness , contrast and focus . Other photo adjustment features , which are similar to those included in Corel 's popular Paint Shop Pro , include Fix Red Eye , Rotate and Crop -LRB- with a floating toolbar -RRB- . Other features borrowed from Paint Shop Pro include easy-to-use organizing with Sort by , Search and Calendar Search . Snapfire also has ways to enhance your photos including Black & White and Sepia color effects.The Photo Tray is a really nice feature which you can use to drag and drop your photos into a common location , grouping them together for a project , emailing to family and friends or printing . Snapfire has a really cool and special way to email photos . Its called Snapfire Show . After you select the photos you wish to send , Snapfire will automatically create a slide-show with built-in transitions , music and motion effects . Your photos are resized and embedded into the body of the email or added as an attachment.Printing your photos is easy and fool-proof with the built-in layouts including standard 4 x 6 , 5 x 7 , 8 x 10 , 3.5 x 5 , wallet size and contact sheets . Snapfire will automatically use your default printer settings or you can change the settings or printer as needed . If you choose to order prints online instead , you can do so with one click of your mouse and the Photo Upload dialog box.You can also use Snapfire to work with your videos . Just click on a video 's thumbnail to view and edit the video in full screen mode . You can even grab a frame from your video and convert it into a photo . For crafters , Snapfire has several built-in project templates for album pages , greeting cards , calendars and collages . Creating a project is as easy as dragging your photos onto the template and using the basic tools to make adjustments , add text captions and position photos.A trial version of Snapfire Plus -LRB- SE -RRB- comes packaged with the newest upgrade of Paint Shop Pro Photo XI or can be downloaded from the Corel website .
 I have evaluated only the free version of Snapfire , which is pretty polished and seems to work ok for me -LRB- I did n't run into bugs -RRB- , but runs pretty slow on my laptop . I find Picasa 2 and Adobe Photoshop Album to be more full featured . Both run better on my PC , and are easy to use . Picasa 2 is free , and I 'm leaning that way . PC Magazine has a good set of reviews of these software packages , so that 's a good place to look to learn more .
 I had a trial version for the Corel Snapfire plus before but it expired It is working very well and the price was great .
 and i absolutely loved it ! it 's easy to use , straight forward and includes all the basic needs if you 're not someone who 's an avid photo-shopper . if all you need are the bare essentials , i would recommend this program .
 Snapfire Plus is an upgrade to what my husband had on his computer . He was familiar with the program so he was pleased with the additional capabilities . Service and delivery were excellent .
 ABOUT THE SAME AS MONEY 2003 EXCEPT YOU HAVE TO GO TO A DIFFERENT SCREEN NOW TO SEE THE CASH FLOW , VERY INCONVIENTENT . NOT WORTH THE EXTRA MONEY EXCEPT TO GET THE DOWNLOAD ITEMS THAT EXPIRED ON MONEY 2003 .
 The program is more than sufficient to prep anyone for the exams covered . The classes are well presented ... certainly a lot cheaper than going to a $ 600 prep course . . this covers the same material !!
 My teen easily navigated through this CD . We will be getting others from the collection .
 It seems to work well and has a very thorough user interface . I like how you can have it e-mail notifications to you , like if it ca n't update or if it found a virus . I just had some issues with install failing , but it eventually worked .
 This product is outstanding in its performance unlike the Norton products . Free upgrade to version available .
 I run XP and have tried a wide variety of antivirus software . I still like my separate components rather than a security suite . I left Norton because of numerous javascripting errors . I tried Bit Defender 9 -- not a bad program . Just not as quick and complete as KAV 6 . My computer runs better than ever with KAV installed -LRB- I also run a third party firewall -RRB- . Since installing KAV , my firewall has n't alerted me to a single intrusion attempt . Seems like good news -- and I certainly hope it is ! I feel pretty safe running KAV . I like what independent reviewers/testing sites have to say about it . And things do n't continually complain or mess up . The only `` problem '' I 've come up against is that when running all the proactive defenses , including the registry guard , it came up with a message tagging IE 7 , Beta 3 , as a possible danger . And , given IE 's track record -- it might be . ;-RRB- I got very friendly and patient help from the Kaspersky Support Forum hyperlinked from the software itself . Other than that , it 's really been `` install and forget . '' Things are running great ... in fact , my antispyware seems to be having to clean up less , too . I definitely recommend this software .
 I downloaded a trial version of this from the companys website . I could n't be more pleased after `` experiencing '' the awful Norton Antivirus 2007 which slowed my computer to a crawl . Kaspersky was able to detect spyware and adware on my machine that Norton 2007 had totally missed . It also found a peice of obnoxious malware missed by Norton . And the best part of it is that Kaspersky allows you to extensively customize the settings you need for your particular computer . I found that `` low '' setting worked great in my situation and no performance hit is noticeable.Just be sure to uninstall Any other anti-virus program before installing this .
 after five years of struggling with norton slowing down my computer , i needed a change.with my annual norton subscription expiring , i spent about an hour looking at reviews of other products . while i had never heard of Kaspersky , after reading the reviews and specs , i decided i had nothing to lose.what an improvement!if your system response is slow because of norton , i would recommend switching to Kaspersky , you will really see the difference .
 At last , an anti-virus that 's easy to install and does it 's job quietly and without annoying messages ... for my money , forget the others and go with this one ... it 's what you want !
 Let me begin by saying that although I use my computer daily , I am by no means a `` techie '' or computer geek . I do n't know all of the technical jargon that goes along with being an expert . That 's okay though , I use my washing machine everyday but could n't repair it if the timer went out . With that being said , Kaspersky 's advertising line says it all
 This software is easy to install , easy to implement , easy to get updated virus lists . It does n't bog down your system like the other two biggies . The warnings are clear . Highly recommend this over the other two on the market !
 Kaspersky is full function , easy to use , and does not over burden my desktop . I like the ability to set it for hourly updates which are typically 40-60kb and my computer does n't even blink when the update happens . I appreciate the full protection and ease of use and it is well worth the money . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I had been a dedicated user of Norton 's Anti-Virus for many years , but I was getting increasingly weary of the toll it was taking on my computer 's resources . It seemed that whenever Norton decided to kick for whatever reason , I pretty much had to wait until it was done to work on my computer . And no , my computer is not some old slug of a machine.With this is mind , and after reading some positive reviews , I decided to try Kaspersky 's Anti-Virus when my Norton subscription expired . I 'm glad I did . There 's a night and day difference between two when it comes to all functions . Updating definitions and scanning is much faster and it works out of my way . Whether it is more effective at catching viruses , I ca n't say . I tend to not do things that are particularly risky in that area , so I can only assume that it is as effective as Norton since I have not been infected with anything.When my wife 's Norton subscription expired , she also decided to try Kaspersky , and she is even more impressed than I with how much faster her computer functions . It seems that Kaspersky has found two new fans in our household .
 I started having huge slow downs on two home computers . A system service running on XP -LRB- see scvhost.exe in the Task Manager window -RRB- was taking 99 % of all of the CPU time a while after bootup and I could n't do anything other than kill the process which caused side affects . I did have Norton anti-virus but it was out of date since I did n't renew it because when I got it I could use it on both of my home PCs but the renewal only allowed me to use it on one PC . So , I could n't decide what to do for a couple of weeks then , like an idiot I bought Microsoft OneCare -LRB- you could use it on three PCs and MS knows everything -RRB- . It found NO problems , was completely happy , and slowed down my computer to a crawl and kept displaying pop-up messages about my computer being at risk -LRB- since it was a day or two since my last update -RRB- . I had to dump it ! Then I got Kaspersky . It immediately found my problem and quarrantined an accellerator application I got from my ISP -LRB- that had been running great for two years -RRB- . No more slow down and the CPU was back to frequent idle . So , Kaspersky worked great . Why four stars ? Well , I have n't tried or know about all anti-virus programs , maybe there is still something better . But for now , I 'm sold . Lesson
 Very simple to install . Easy of use . No problems while being used . Very few intrusive messages . Light on the system so no slow down is showed in the system while this program is running and working . Great buy !
 After a week of frustration , my PC is faster than ever - with the very-protective Kaspersky . However , first , I tried a MicroSoft , Live OneCare download . Immediately Microsoft shot itself in both feet
 Was a fan of Nortons till after reading reviews and going onsite to check out this Anti-Virus package , it just has more to offer and less of a resource hog .
 I was looking a reliable av program that is not a resource hog and does not ask questions for every action taken . Keep in mind that this is for a relatives system . Kaspersky fit this bill just fine . The system has been virus free for over a year and I have no phone calls about issues .
 Easy installation - Documentation better than expected . Good features . I highly recommend this programMP
 I chose this , based on various reviews , after a few years with Norton.It was easy to install and works wonderfully . I 'm very happy.I 'm glad I made the switch . No complaints .
 I am very pleased with this product . It was easy to install , Windows XP . Once installed it scanned my computer and found several virus that had gone undected by my Norton software .
 First time user of Kaspersky - recommended by CNET and PCWorld . I searched for recommendations because the 2007 version of the brand I usually use took up more space on my hard drive than Microsoft Office 2003 . Kaspersky Anti-Virus is very light on the memory usage ; loads , updates and scans easily and quickly . Runs silently in the background without pop-up balloons . The menus are easy to decipher . I 'm delighted with this new product and will not hesitate to remain with Kaspersky when it comes time to renew .
 I will never go back to Norton . My computer is fast , even while Kaspersky performs scan checks .
 I tested numerous anti-virus programs after getting fed-up with previous Norton Anti-virus , which would always `` hang '' my incoming email , causing me to redownload larger files and sometimes make it impossible to retrieve them at all . -LRB- Incidentally , this had nothing to do with the `` time-out '' settings . -RRB- After testing other top rated anti-virus programs , the only one that would n't `` hang '' large email files , was Kaspersky . Even though I have my `` time-out '' set to only 1 minute , Kaspersky never stumbles and lets go , even if it takes much more than 1 minute to download.I also like the easy to use `` pause protection '' when I 'm doing file clean-ups , because there 's no sense passing temporary files through a second time , and it speeds the clean-up 5 times faster .
 The user interface and the navigation is nicely done . The product has performed admirably with no slowdowns or glitches . I 've got Norton and Mcaffey on two other computers . This is much better .
 Best antivirus I 've ever owned yet . Detected viruses that Norton and McAfee did n't detect .
 I am absolutely happy with this product ! I used it to replace NAV , which I get from work , but which is junk ! Kasperski is well-behaved , does n't suck up all the CPU cycles , and intuitive to use . Best $ 25 I 've spent in a long time . Plus , according to the tests , it also catches the most viruses .
 Impressed with the way it clears out viruses , spyware , and Trojans -- I can look at what it 's doing or just let it do it . That all goes well . What I do n't like is it requires a password for everything even my usual automatic sign-me-in sites and I ca n't figure how to change this . So the instructions are not as specific as would be helpful .
 Having tried Norton , McAfee , and Panda , I can say this one 's far & away the best . Keeps the computer clean , quiet , and happy , does n't hog memory , and does n't act like the lord of the universe . And when it catches something , it squeals like a hawk , a feature I must say I like -- and I 'm one of those who believes as a rule in turning off all uninvited noises . The guy who could n't install Kaspersky probably did n't uninstall his Norton properly -- a tricky job to do manually , so tricky that Symantec provides a Norton uninstall tool -LRB- an easily accessible download -RRB- . If there are any bits & bobs of Norton left , Kaspersky wo n't install .
 It is easy to install and is reliable to protect my computer from being destroyed by virus .
 I foolishly left myself vulnerable to viruses and adware , and thus desperately needed software to save my PC . Kaspersky Anti-Virus 6.0 worked extremely well and has done a wonderful job of protecting my PC ever since I installed it . I 'd highly recommend it . In fact , it is simply essential for anyone connected to the internet .
 So far I am happy with the product.It seems to do it 's job with no big deal . I had Norton System works before and it made everything work slow . I never had trouble with Norton , but I figured it was time for a change , not to mention Nortons renewal price was getting to high . I had some trouble installing and registering , but it was due to some of AT&T anti-virus program I tried to install before I purchased Kaspersky Anti-Virus . Once I got rid of all the other stuff it loaded with no problem . Time will tell .
 Installed nicely -LRB- Norton never did install for me properly -RRB- . Seems to be doing what it claims .
 I have got a virus that cause files `` comment.htt '' appeared in many folders and my previous antivirus can detect them but can not destroy that virus . I tried to use another 2 antiviruses but not effective . So I try KAV and it works ! Also KAV does not slow my computer like some big-named antivirus . Autoupdate feature is cool . We do not have to click anything and the prize is reasonable .
 Kaspersky was so easy to install and get up and running I could not belive it . The hourly updates are great ! The update files are so small you do n't notice that it 's happening . After I installed and ran Kaspersky it found viruses and spyware that AGV and Adaware let through . You ca n't go wrong .
 After already being fed up with Nortons incompetence , their 2007 edition was the final blow to their self destruction . I had to dump Norton because of so many problems which would take several pages to describe.I investigated the various benchmarks and reviews and decided on Kaspersky . I am absolutely impressed by this software . It was written by INTELLIGENT !!! people , & not by some nerds that are to stupid to kick over a bucket of water . The startup is faster . The updates are very fast . Their scanning for viruses will detect if the systems is busy and will pause the scanning until it is less busy . Meaning , that when you are using your machine , YOU , not the Internet Security has the highest priority . The way they handle the spam and popup is again very smartly written . This software was written by truly professionals with a high IQ.They thought about everything . I am a senior software engineer and I hate stupid software such as Nortons , with totally unnecessary messages which only serves to irritate you and slow you down . Kaspersky , congratulations for a job well done . This is the best on the market !!
 It does n't matter how many times you read it , `` it 's the best '' wo n't mean anything to you until you run it yourself for a while and see how well it works.I have run this software on virus infected systems before , and saying they are infected is `` putting it lightly . '' Kaspersky not only found viruses that norton and mcafee supposedly `` removed , '' but also found at LEAST 30 % more infections than either of those programs . Since then i have not run anything else BUT kaspersky on all of my systems.Furthermore , i have a small following now because of the high quality of kaspersky anti virus software . Right now as a matter of fact everyone 's licenses are about to expire and everyone is asking me if i know of a place to get kaspersky for cheap and amazon is the cheapest online that i have found ... Even for those of you pirates , it 's worth buying at least once to help them continue developing the software and keep the company afloat . It really is worth it and i know most real pirates will purchase this software one way or another.Anyhow , 5 stars is n't enough to reflect how well this program is designed and works.The short of it : - Takes up small amounts of system resources - Works on several operaing systems including * nix OS - Finds more infections/problems and other interesting activities that other `` anti virus '' programs could only dream of - Well worth the price they charge - especially because of the multi-daily FREE updates !!! - You 'll barely notice system performance decline because of this program - ca n't say the same about anything else !
 I ran evaluation copies of Kaspersky 's AntiVirus program on two computers and , while one ran without a problem , I experienced some technical issues with the other . Kaspersky 's tech staff responded politely and efficiently , helping to quickly resolve the issues , providing more assistance in two rather brief telephone calls than I received from Norton -LRB- Symantec -RRB- in six years . And , -LRB- to me -RRB- MOST importantly
 Running Norton 2006 it took almost 30 seconds to open an Excel Worksheet on my 2002 Dell with 256 MB Ram runing Windows XP.I uninstalled Norton and installed Kaspersky.It now takes 3 seconds to open the same file !! It did take longer to initially scan my machine , so what ? I can do it at 3 AM . The machine runs faster . The one feature that I have not yet gotten to work is where already scanned and unchanged files are not rescanned . That would reduce the scan time to minutes . Allowing me to scan the machine every day if I wanted to .
 I am not a computer geek or techie at all , most software and hardware changes always make me hold my breath and cross my fingers . I recently purchased the Kaspersky Anti Virus based on the review of it in Consumers Reports . It installed easily , updates automatically and frequently . Very satisfied with it .
 I 've used both Norton and McAfee on my computers at home . Norton was horrible . McAfee has gotten worse over the years . The upgrades really have slowed down my computer . Took advantage of the rebate offer to try Kaspersky . Installation was very easy . The first thing it did was catch about a dozen trojan viruses McAfee either could n't seem to clean or missed entirely . After a day or so , it completely cleaned all the bad stuff off my computer . Also , my PC is running about 5 times faster . It had started to really slow down using McAfee . It is very flexible and allows you to adapt settings to manage how you use the Internet . It is by far the best anti-virus software I have ever used .
 I got Kaspersky after i had Norton for two years , and i would like to say that it is such a relief . Finally no malicious software is controlling my machine . Well , first , Kaspersky is faster and more comfortable in use . Second , as i said , it doesnt intervene in any of computers processes . Third , it has hourly database updates . And four , it provides a better protection than norton , i had norton for two years and the first day that i got my kaspersky after norton , it located 11 Trojans and a virus , which Norton has never located and showed that system is fine . Well , make your own conclusion . Also my gf got norton for laptop and it didnt allow her to connect to internet network so she had to uninstall it . Its just a waste of money . Buy Kaspersky it will make you feel safe .
 Having recently installed the internet , I looked for an anti-virus product that would be easy to install , maintain the speed of our computer , and mimimize unforeseen consequences . We have found all of these in this product . Using the product for four days has been a pleasure and free of unwanted surprises . If any undesired issues become apparant , we will let you know . So far , great product !
 I installed this about a month back and the amazing change in performance of my laptop . Earlier i used Symantec product which used take up memory and many a times i had to stop it from loading on startup because of performance issue . I also like the easy update and protection is better than Norton 's
 KASPERSKY 6.0 IS CURRENTLY DOING A FINE JOB OF GUARDING MY SYSTEM FROMVIRUSES AND INTRUDERS . LIKE IT BETTER THAN THE OLD NORTON I HAD . WOULD RECOMMEND GIVING THIS PRODUCT A TRY .
 Installation was flawless . However if you are replacing Norton be sure to use Norton 's uninstall tool first . It is available as a download from Norton 's service center . My computer online speed increased noticeably after this was installed . During the initial scan Kaspersky found things Norton had missed
 I installed KAV after having had Norton AV . After I installed KAV , it found backdoor trojan malware and other malware that Norton completely missed . My computer also runs much faster now than it did with Norton . On top of all this , if you buy version 6 , you get a free upgrade to version 7 , something Symantec and McAfee has never done in my experience . Finally , in tests that look to see what % of malware installed om computers AV software can find and remove , KAV is among the very best . Great software -- no problems at all with my computer freezing or crashing , and I have a very large # of applications on my computer . Hope KAV never becomes as bloated or as ineffective as McAfee or Norton .
 The first time I installed this software I tried to make some changes to when and how it scanned my files . I 'm not sure if that caused the problems or if it was something else , but soon after the computer went haywire and crashed over and over . I uninstalled and reinstalled and now everything is working great . The interfaces seem easy enough to use and the updates are automatic . I purchased this software on the advice of numerous computer magazine reviews and different computer gurus I know . Unless something goes wrong again , I will continue to use it .
 Norton is history ... been getting worse every year and now it is worse than getting a virus ... it is a virus!Tried McAfee ... a little better . Tried Zone Alarm ... free fire wall is great but the AV leaves a little to be desired.I put this on an 1.2 GHZ laptop with XP and Zonealarm . Did not even know it was there .
 One of the most in-depth anti-virus scans i 've seen . It removed threats that Norton did n't even pick up.I 'm very pleased with this product .
 Kaspersky is a great antivisus with outstanding forum support . Although this version is no longer available and not supported any more Kaspersky is the best in my opinion .
 These days , when you buy a PC , it 's packed with software , but it 's all trial versions , including the anti-virus programs . In January , I bought a new laptop and it had McAfee -LRB- trial run , of course -RRB- . While it was n't bad , it did get in my way at times . I have Norton on my desktop PC and while the old versions were tops , the new ones are a nightmare and I knew I wanted nothing more to do with that so I started researching the top rated AV programs on the net . I found that no matter where I looked , Kapersky was rated the best . It 's only fall in any ratings was that it was more costly . I figured , with the amount I have invested in PCs that I 'd rather spend a few bucks more and get the best protection . -LRB- More on the money issue later -RRB- My only regret is that I did n't think to buy a package to cover more than one PC ! I love it . Kapersky works constantly and quietly and unless you actually look for it , you ca n't tell it 's working at all . As soon as you boot up , it automatically starts scanning your PC ... it does it with so little power that I did n't realize it was happening . I still would n't know it if I had n't been reading the manual the other day -LRB- trying ot find out how to purchase a license to use it on my other PC -RRB- . And speaking of the manual . . it is quite thorough but Kapersky was so easily installed and just `` took over '' doing it 's job that I really have n't taken time to read it.There are a few things about Kapersky 's interface that could intimidate someone who is n't well aquainted with programs , etc. . Do n't let that intimidate you . . just leave it set at the `` Default '' settings and you 're good to go . You do n't have to be a tech to have the best protection available so do n't let that hinder your decisions on getting Kapersky . It 's rated # 1 for a reason ! : - -RRB-
 I run windows xp pro . an was having some problems with my computer . I just knew it was the antivirus I was running.I was running ez armour it slowed my machine way down , plus it was free from my cable company since I subscribe to their broad band service . I have in the past run norton and macafee , its not like I have n't used other anti-virus software . Anyway I got this 15 min or so I had it installed with no problems.Made adjustments to it and did a deep scan . Took about an hour an 45 min . Now I ran my ez armour every couple days never found anything . With this I found 5 adware , an 1 trojan-clicker an my computer is purrring like a kitten.But what is good for me , may not be good for you but I love this product .
 I got 4 computers in my family . I 've been using both Kaspersky and Symantec antivirus softwares in the last couple years . From my experiences , Kaspersky can protect all my computers from global virus outbreak because its core scan engine able to detect any unusual activities.Update pattern files is important for any kind of antivirus softwares for sure . However , I found that Symantec is much more rely on the pattern files and the pattern files usually release after the outbreak . That means computers still able to get infected . That was an unpleasant experience.I got a P3 machine with 384MB memory . Two Athlon XP machine with 1GB memory and a Core 2 Duo Notebook in my family . If you are a typical user like my family members , you can set the security level to `` Low '' . The resources and memory is consumed much less than the other 2 setting . With the `` Low '' security setting , even the P3 machine can perform virus scan and execute another task smoothly . Although `` Recommend '' and `` High '' will be more secure and eat much more resource , `` Low '' is strong enough for typical usage.btw ... Always download and install the latest version KAV software from their site . It 's free to download anyway . Install usually trouble free , however , if you have any other antivirus software , they might crash . Especially many antivirus software is now bundle with other software . Such as Zonealarm Pro , Systemwork ... etc < == PLEASE AWARE THIS ISSUE when you try to install different software in your computer .
 Was hooked on Norton for years . Found them unresponsive and quick to withdraw support for their product . Also cumbersome and space hungry on my pc . K was easy to install , has spotted virus and worm threats that N missed and is easy to use , quick on my pc .
 I was having problems with alot of lag and slow running with my computer with my old antivirus program ... I am much happier with this one and everything is running smoother ... good product , just as easy to use as my old antivirus , as well . .
 Excellent product . Installed on computer and immediately found items that Norton Anti-Virus never found . It also sped up my computer tremendously compared to when Norton was installed . I would buy the Kaspersky Internet Suite 6.0 only next time -LRB- Amazon has it as a bundle package -RRB- because when you install the Kaspersky Internet Suite 6.0 you have to uninstall the Kaspersky Anti-Virus . The Internet Suite also has anti-virus along with internet security options also . It will save you a few bucks as now I have an extra anti-virus program disk that I can not use
 I have used Norton anti-virus for many years . While it has decent functionality , Norton gets it 's hooks into everything in your computer , and is notoriously difficult to completely remove -LRB- uninstall does n't get all of it -RRB- . Recently my computer had a nasty Windows XP crash , and I had to re-install Windows XP from scratch . My recovery software automatically copied all of my existing files into a backup folder , then basically wiped my drive clean , and finally re-installed a brand new version of Windows XP on my computer . That meant that no trace of Norton would remain in my active system -LRB- only in the backup folder -RRB- , and that none of my newly installed Windows XP registry settings would have been modified by Norton.Since I was finally `` free '' from Norton , I decided to install Kaspersky Anti-Virus on my computer instead , as I had read and heard great things about it . When I ran the first sweep of my computer with Kaspersky , it immediately found a virus , which was hidden within my old Norton backup files ! I previously ran Norton sweeps regularly , and constantly kept Norton updated , but Norton never found this virus!Kaspersky has a great user interface , and it is very easy to update and to use . Further , unlike other anti-virus programs that update definitions weekly , Kaspersky updates their definitions hourly , 24/7 . A hot topic today is the damage done by `` zero day '' virus infections , which spread quickly because they are new , and no `` cure '' exists for them yet . With Kaspersky 's hourly updates , the newest definitions and cures should be available from them much sooner than from other anti-virus software vendors.I am very happy with Kaspersky , and I recommend it highly .
 I used Norton for years but my computer was just too darn slow and freezing up . Many reviews blame Norton so I decided to try Kaspersky.I removed Norton , installed Kaspersky & my computer runs faster ans does n't freeze anymore . I 'm happy !
 Before using Kaspersky , I used to have McAfee on my computer . It made my computer slow and did not offer much protection to the computer.I first read about Kaspersky on Amazon and bought it immediately . I am extremely happy with Kaspersky . I have been using it for over a year now . It is much faster than McAfee . It does not bug the user with many messages . It stays in the background , but still gives the computer the required protection . After you install it on the computer , you can forget about your virus problems .
 Great product.Does not use much resources.Quietly scans everything and asks what you want to do with a particular infection . Very user friendly and effective.Most viruses usually disable NAV as the first thing . This things cleans and kills the very viruses that NAV is killed by .
 I bought this anti-virus s/w , as it had a rebate and was highly rated . What I did not know but really liked was as soon as I bought it , the next version -LRB- 7.0 -RRB- was introduced and I could upgrade to that version for free . This was not just a virus data file update , but a full upgrade to version 7.0 , just as if I bought that version.Pros
 This seems to be a much better product than norton antivirus , which I used to use . Norton slowed my system down to a crawl . This is barely noticeable . Shipped faster than I expected too .
 I KNOW KAV saved my computer from a dealy virus !! I had Nortron on my desk top PC and Laptop , but on my Laptop the Nortron had expired . The Reason I picked Kav over Nortron was because of all the positive post about KAV not load downing the system is SOO TRUE !! When ever I 'd reset my PC -LRB- rebooted it -RRB- the 1st screen that would popped up would be Nortron and it would hang on that screen forever !! I use to walk away and come back 15 minutes later to see if my desk top screen was finally up & running.I reset my PC now with KAV , and it goes right to my desk top screen & is up and working in seconds . There is no big KAV screen right in front of you like Nortron !! And my system has been faster since Nortron has been gone.Now as for KAV fighting virus -- My laptop had KAV but my PC still had Nortron I was waiting for it to exprire before putting KAV on . My husband open an email on the PC & he said Nortron did pop up saying `` illegal script do you want to stop '' and he hit ` stop script ' . But then all these pop up adds started coming up on the screen , even though pop blocker was on !! I check all our secruity were on High , pop up blocker was on , still the pop ups would not stop , so I tried rebooting it & the system crashed !!! Came up to a completely black screen it wo n't do anything !! No matter how many time we turn it off/on a black screen . Even though we hit stop the script on Nortron it still was able to load something onto our computer and crashed it.I then got on the lap top to delete the email so it wo n't crash the latop too and KAV already had it block saying virus detected and ask me if I wanted to delete the email and said YES and our lap top was FINE !!!! I 'll never buy nortron AGAIN !!!
 I have been uneasy to update Norton antivirus through the internet as I had originally installed the 2005 version and last year upgraded through the internet . Upon doing several searches and reviews , I was impressed with what I was reading about Kaspersky 6.0 / 7.0 . I decided to trial the 30 day free trial of Kaspersky 7.0 tonight and as suggested , I removed my Norton antivirus protection before installing Kaspersky . I am already totally impressed with the speed of opening up internet and email . I will definitely buy the software at the end of my 30-day free trial barring no problems within . -LRB- Keep in mind -- no problems with installation and the speed has greatly increased over Norton -RRB- .
 I really like Kaspersky AV 6 . It is extremely fast , particularly with e-mail scans . It does not bog down my system like Norton . The only thing I dislike is the DNS Name Resolving Error . Kaspersky said because I have slow dial up connection I will get this error which means sometimes I Have to update manually .
 I bought this game for my 3 year old boy and he wo n't stop playing it . I encourage everyone to buy this game for the price you ca n't go wrong
 Although I use a different audio editor for my voice over work I got this product too for it 's great simplicity and specific focus on Podcast creation AND distribution , the interface is simple and creates tags & RSS feeds in one step ... could n't be happier.Harlan Hogan
 I was already impressed with the previous version . This later version of VS.NET is more reliable and installs without having to install the previous version first . You will still need VS.NET 2002 disk 1 to completely install this upgrade .
 I Love Dream Dollhouse and I am 12 yrs old !!!!! I remember playing it when I was little and I loved EVERY part of it !!!
 When my QuicKeys X2 software arrived , I was shocked and pleased to see an actual user guide . Yes , they 've included a 155-page user guide . Then , as soon as I installed the software , I was directed to a free update to QuicKeys X2 version 2.1.1 . I 've always wanted my iMac to help me become more efficient , but I 'm not sure if that will ever happen . It seems my computer has provided an avenue for me to do more things , thus taking up more of my time.Regardless , QuicKeys X2 interested me because I thought this software might help me be as efficient as possible while I 'm working on my computer . For instance , have you ever thought about your computer becoming automated ? I mean , instead of all the clicking and scrolling , the computer would do some stuff for you.For example , since I ca n't have everything on my Dock , I find myself frequently opening my personal folder > education folder > college folder > fall 2004 folder . Yes , I know this only takes few seconds , but with QuicKeys X2 , I can access my college folder with a single-step shortcut.Once inside the QuicKeys Editor window , I took less then twelve steps to create my shortcut . Now , I press any key -LRB- s -RRB- I choose and my college folder opens . My most used applications are found on my Dock , but my most frequently accessed folders now have single-step shortcuts.My next project was to create a multi-step shortcut . I click the Entourage icon in my Dock , select my email account in the Select Identity window , and check for new email.There are a few more steps involved in creating multi-step shortcuts . Basically , it 's automating longer , multi-step tasks that contain several shortcuts.Another way to create multi-step shortcuts is to use QuicKeys recording feature , which enables the software to mimic your computer actions . If QuicKeys does not record your actions exactly as you expected , you can edit your recording to make it more accurate . Although it takes some getting used to , this is a very cool feature . You just have to learn to slow down a bit while recording so that QuicKeys has enough time to analyze your actions.Go ahead ; think of tedious , routine tasks you frequently perform . Now , with QuicKeys X2 , you can create Shortcuts too . I 'm just getting started with making my iMac more efficient , so needless to say , I highly recommend this software . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This product did exactly what I wanted . My requirements were simply to maintain and print address labels , and it works well .
 This new -LRB- 2001 -RRB- game has exceptionally good graphics and animation . Scattered throughout the adventure are educational activities which were : -LRB- 1 -RRB- extraordinarily good -LRB- I remember being taught to read with exercises similar to these , but using flash cards -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- varied in difficulty -- some were too difficult even on level 1 for even a bright 5 year old -LRB- e.g. read question sentence , then read and choose correct * form * of answer for the question -RRB- . However , the well written CD insert gives adults helpful advice on when and how to assist children -- I found that re-assuring . With appropriate adult assistance , even the hardest activities became fun learning experiences . -LRB- 3 -RRB- covered an impressive breadth of reading skills -LRB- on level 1
 The current version of Mia 's Reading Adventure 's is 2.1 . Be aware that there are older unauthorized versions being sold online . Although they may function correctly , they are not 100 % Windows XP compatible and do not work on Mac OS X . Many of these older versions being sold are packaged in a Topics Entertainment box . Kutoka can not provide technical support for these copies . Please make sure you are purchasing a 2.1 or greater version . -LRB- All genuine Kutoka boxes contain the latest version of the game . -RRB- This notice also applies to Mia 's Math Adventure and Mia 's Science Adventure . The current version of these two games is 2.0 If you have any questions , please feel free to contact our technical support team at service@kutoka.com
 I got my copy of iSpeak two weeks ago and LOVE it ! I use it all the time with Outlook to listen to my email while I am working on other stuff . I also have converted a number of etext-books from Gutenberg.com into audio and put them on CD 's to listen to in the car.The user interface is simple and intuitive , and you can even download new skins to change the way it looks ! I can modify both the male and female voices to suit me , and they are very clear and easy to listen to . Still synthetic , but surpisingly natural sounding . The voices are not at all as robotic as I expected.It is simple to convert any text into audio , and with the `` Auto-Speak '' feature , I can use iSpeak with any program just by highlighting the text and hitting Ctrl-C ! I highly recommend this product !
 This program is awesome ! I 've only had it one day , but I 've been using it non-stop . I have converted tons of text to MP3 and transfered them to my MP3 player . Great for students or people like me who have an hour commute to work . The interface is very easy to use and the voices are easy to customize . The inflection in the voices is amazing . Text-to-speech has a long way to go , but this is the best I 've heard yet . I plan to buy this program for everyone in my family ! I highly recommend this product to students , people that are tired of eye strain and computer geeks like me that like the latest and greatest .
 This program is awesome ! I 've only had it one day , but I 've been using it non-stop . I have converted tons of text to MP3 and transfered them to my MP3 player . Great for students or people like me who have an hour commute to work . The interface is very easy to use and the voices are easy to customize . The inflection in the voices is amazing . Text-to-speech has a long way to go , but this is the best I 've heard yet . I plan to buy this program for everyone in my family ! I highly recommend this product to students , people that are tired of eye strain and computer geeks like me that like the latest and greatest .
 Abbyy 's Home Edition follows the trend of software publishers to milk previous versions of their software , in this case , Abbyy 's Finereader 5.0 -LRB- the current version for those with lots of money being 6 -RRB- . The OCR engine is solid , and the `` 1-button '' interface is uncomplicated.When it 's time to move beyond the 1-button world , the product has a number of beyond-the-basic features , including the ability to manually identify regions of text , tables , and graphics . For much of today 's complex and graphic-intensive layouts , you 'll find yourself using this mode , if only to avoid annoying glitches such as parts of dense tables showing up as graphicsin the recognized file , or side-by-side columns becoming tables.Home Edition handles both scanned files -LRB- ... -RRB- and a wide range of graphic files that contain text . Fortunately , although the manual states that Home Edition recognizes only the first page of multi-page graphics files , that 's not true -- all the pages of multi-page FAX TIFF files are recognized.Recognition is good . For scans at normal resolution , 300 dpi , the total number of errors per page for a mix of type from 9 down to 7 points -- pretty small for OCR -- were the same as my old , 1999 Scansoft Textbridge Pro 8.0 . However , the Home Edition errors were far easier to fix -LRB- `` S '' for `` $ '' on small , 7-point type for AHE , less annoying to me than the strange concatentions or `` wordifications '' for TP8 -LRB- such as `` Pap er '' or `` andPublish '' -RRB- . When the same material is scanned into Home Edition at 600 dpi -LRB- to add detail to the very small type -RRB- , errors dropped to half that of Textbridge , which does n't accept scans of this resolution.A very difficult case , a second-generation FAX of a magazine article originally in tabloid and reduced to 81/2 x 11 , was recognized surprisingly well with Home Edition , despite the fact that the type was fuzzy and 4-6 points in size -- and the bioprocessing subject matter had out-of-the-ordinary words . However , the 1-button process made tables of some of the columns , so manual marking of the original was needed.I miss the ability to view the original scan during proof-reading in Textbrige -LRB- and the Abbyy higher-end products -RRB- -- as you move the cursor through the recognized document , these show you the same area of the scanned file . In Home Edition , you have to move between the scan and the recognized windows and find your own place . There 's also no built-in spell-checker , an odd omission considering the low cost of licensing spellchecking code these days . Perhaps Abbyy is justifying the gap in pricing between Home Edition -LRB- less than -LSB- $ $ -RSB- -RRB- and the Professional line -LRB- -LSB- $ $ - $ $ -RSB- at the Abbyy site store -RRB- . Versus the Pro Edition , Home Edition has 12 languages -LRB- 121 for Pro -RRB- ; no pattern training for symbols ; and no background or batch mode . There 's apparently fewer options with HE 's manual layout analysis than for the Pro Edition , but the HE options are just fine for most purposes.Abbyy HE saves recognized text as ASCII TXT , Word , Excel , Word Pro and Word Perfect files , plus HTML and Adobe PDF . The good OCR engine , the ability to handle multiple types of graphics files , and to preserve graphics color , plus its straight-forward interface all make this a good product .
 I do n't think there is a reader out there that can hold a candle to this program . The easiest to work with for ANYONE . You can scan all the pages and then proccess them or scan , read and spell check each as you go along . Then you simply tell it to put it in Word or your clipboard and it will put one or all the pages into one easy to use , or print format . Minimal mistakes , usually caused by poor scanning settings or dirty copy . I tried the try and buy program first and could n't imagin being without it !
 I bought a Lexmark X73 and I was just scanning some documents , then it said that the Abbyy Finereader 5.0 software came with it so I used it.The software let me correct things on my documents and other reports that were messed up.If you are looking for a software to correct reports or other documents I highly recommend Abbyy Finereader 5.0 .
 I bought the origional Norton Systemworks . I was going to reinstall it on my new hard drive , but found out that Norton no longer supports it . So , I went out and bought Systemworks 2002 . I just use the different products by themselves . If I ran System Doctor all the time , it 'd probably crash my system , as I only have 64kb memory . But , from what I have found using this product , it is a very good product , and worth the price.Joe & Monty HansenCat rule . Dogs drool ...
 Since day 1 , the best `` computer helper '' there is.Has helped me with more than one rescue , it also has the most up-to-date anti-virus updates , as well as the best program problem finder/fixer out there .
 I think the Norton Sistem Works is the best deal for the price . It works and fix problems in the computer to make it work flawless and fast .
 A good product it installed without a glitch , I currently am running Windows XP RC1 on a NEC P-3 450 and it performed speed disk , virus scan , and clean sweep without any problems .
 Norton 2001 has saved me two or three times already . Have told lots of friends about this product . they plan to purchase it . It is easy to install and use . Very good product .
 Norton System Works 2002 is a great program to have for your pc . It has antivirus and utilities and cleansweep . Cleansweep is for saving hard drive space and it does a good job at doing that . Antivirus is great antivirus protection for your pc and Utilities can find and fix problems , defragment your hard disk and other stuff . Now this version comes with support for Windows XP . Roxio Go Back 3 Home Edition is great for backing up your hard drive and restoring it to a past time . However Go Back can use a lot of hard drive space I recomend it if you have 30 GB or more . Overall I would say you should buy this new version or upgrade from a past version . I also recomend Norton Personal Firewall 2002 also from Symantec . It does a very great job at protecting your computer from hackers . Recomended if you have Cable or DSL . Personal Firewall has blocked a numerous number of hackers from infecting my computer with trojans or just trying to steal stuff from my hard disk . All Highly Recomended .
 This is my 3rd Norton Systemworks . Am I biased ? You bet , but this is due to my good experiences with Norton 's Systemworks.This is the only Systemworks that will work with XP . I do n't have XP , I have ME , but my boyfriend tried to use the 2001 product with XP and it wo n't even load.FIXED PREVIOUS PROBLEM WITH NORTON SYSTEMWORK 2001If you used Norton Systemworks 2001 , many people received an error message upon loading that the uninstallation file was incomplete or some such message . It is the only reason I gave Norton Systemworks 2001 a lower grade , that nagging feeling that all was not well , despite its excellent functionality . Norton Systemworks 2002 takes that into consideration and corrects it.SIMILAR INTERFACE TO NORTON SYSTEMWORKS 2001The interface from 2001 is retained here . Its one button checkup interface is a winner and gives you a chance to clean up your computer easily . You can schedule this function as well.Also extremely handy is the Antivirus -LRB- a must in today 's computers -RRB- and the Speed disk . The speed disk orients your file on the computer to make things faster to run . I do n't know whether it really runs that faster or not , but if you are going to defrag anyway , you might as well , do it optimized . I did notice Speed disk is not present on the XP computers and I do n't know why.Also essential is Clean Sweep . This little gem of a program cleans out all the space junk from web surfing . If you do this alot , this can add up to a sizeable chunk of memory . I run , the one button checkup , Clean Sweep and the virus check on a weekly basis . Occassionally , the One button check up then pushes me to use Speed disk or Disk Doctor . If you have crashes often due to introducing new software , the Hard Disk can get some errors on it and the Disk Doctor can fix this.VIRUS CHECK ON EMAIL A LIFESAVERRecently I saw the results of a virus at work . A co-workers lap top , stopped working . No idea why . Lots of lost work . Hours of recovery to do . Luckily , I kept my virus checker up to date at work and at home . Both this co-worker 's files and another 's had been snagged by my virus checker , at work and at home.Invaluable is the email virus checker Norton puts on files coming in . Also invaluable is the year worth of updates Norton provides . Viruses are often new and if you keep up with your virus definitions , you will never get one . The live update function on this is a must . New virus definitions can get pushed onto your system whenever a new one gets out . This is the rage of all the corporate systems and can be had at home with this software.EXTRA PLUSPrior to installing Norton Systemworks 2002 , I had some kind of weird interaction with Aventail communication software and Outlook . One would not work , if I rebooted with the other software present in the computer . I had to remove the Aventail each time and reinstall . Installing the 2002 software and running it made this crash go away . Now I do n't know if 2001 was causing this or not , but the bottom line the problem went away and that is a good thing . Since it was an email problem and the Norton program puts the Antivirus catch in the email coming in , 2001 may have caused this problem.ONLY ONE QUESTION TYPICAL OF ALL NORTON SYSTEMWORKS , THAT I DO N'T UNDERSTAND
 I had previously bought McAfee Office 3.0 for my laptop and had nothing but problems . I had a difficult time removing McAfee Office 3.0 from my machine and still had traces of the program showing up . Anyway , enough about McAfee Office which must be the worst program built ever . Nortons System Works is easy to use , fixed the problems McAfee left behind , and is worth every penny . The one button checkup makes life much easier . The integration and slick look and feel makes using this program enjoyable . I have never been happier .
 It seems that a person either loves Norton or he hates it . From the reviews I have read and the friends with whom I have talked , very few persons are in the middle . I happen to be a person who loves it.I recently upgraded to Windows XP , so my Norton Systemworks 2001 needed to be updated as well . I also purchased Norton Firewall , and both programs installed flawlessly . I am having absolutely NO problems with Systemworks 2002 , and I believe it was well worth the price . No other utility suite I have seen has such a user-friendly interface , and protects to the extent as does Norton.I must admit , that even in my enthusiasm for Norton , I would NOT recommend upgrading to Systemworks 2002 from Systemworks 2001 unless a person is also upgrading to Windows XP . There are a few minor changes in the program , but the MAIN change is the compatibility with XP . So unless you have made the switch to XP or plan to do so in the very near future , save your money.I am perplexed as to the problems other persons have with Norton products . I certainly believe them , but I have been using Norton software for years with no complications . At least I would recommend giving a Norton product a try , and discover whether or not it is for you . There are LOTS of satisfied users out there , and Norton is still a leading name in utility software !
 The 2001 system works was great ; with all the additional features , especially the GoBack3 feature , there is no way I will ever be without Norton System Works 2002 !
 Ive been using computers and the internet for quite some time now , and this is one of the best pieces of software Ive come accross . It includes the best anti-virus software plus a boatload of other useful features . Since I have loaded this on my computer , I have had less crashes and problems.It effortlessly uses my LAN connection to connect nightly to get new virus definitions , and does a scan at 3 AM -LRB- Something I set up -RRB- . I could n't be happier with the software .
 I 've been a fan of Norton for many years and it is a very useful product to have to keep your computer in shape and to solve many common problems . However , I have found that it is a pain to set up because it tries to run all its programs at startup , which eats up valuable resources.I have no problem with that but many people new to the software are turned off by it . For example , I shut off everything except Norton Antivirus . I even disable the scheduled maintanence.If you are able to spend a few more minutes to customize it , it 's a good product . I build many computers and have n't had any of the problems so many other reviewers have mentioned .
 Peter Norton knows what he is doing , with regards to PC utilities . I have been with NU since DOS versions - way back before we knew how valuable running preventative maintenance on a PC was . I just upgraded to this latest masterpiece by Mr. Norton and his team.Beware - others running this on operating systems other than Windows 2000/XP have had some troubles . If you 're still on Windows 9x or NT4 , you may just want to go with an earlier version of Norton System Works.Bring IT to Daddy .
 Norton System Works 2002 , is updated from the previous edition and is now fully compatible with windows XP . Installation was a breeze . The program has a more powerful defrag than Windows . You can defrag a file by moving its bits together , but Windows does not compact the disk ie move files to fill the gaps . The disk doctor is also a more powerful program.The price is worth it for a full Virus Scanner and fax software . This program will fix most problems including cleaning internet mess .
 It was with some trepidation I ordered the upgrade after reading all the horror stories by other reviewers . I was tempted just to get another year 's virus definitions for my running copy of 2001 -LRB- with which I was very satisfied . -RRB- Well I 'm pleased to report the old version uninstalled just find using the products uninstall option , new version loaded up fine and I 'm back to being a satisfied user . About the only annoyance is that , with the uninstall , you loose all your settings and have to configure again . Win2000 pro on an old p200 system .
 I purchased this software at the same time as I purchased Norton Firwall . What an awesome combination ! One of my concerns was that this software would gobble up lots of my system resorces . That 's not the case at all . I had McAffee pre-loaded on my computer when I bought it and had to uninstall it because it pretty much disabled my whole system . NOT the case with Norton here ! This software package really has more than I need . I disabled the clean sweep part , so I ca n't comment on that . I like the way the software took care of and fixed the little pre-existing glitches my computer had . I for sure came out ahead with this ! In my opinion you ca n't go wrong with this software !
 The 2001 system works was great ; with all the additional features , especially the GoBack3 feature , there is no way I will ever be without Norton System Works 2002 !
 Norton SystemWorks is the must have diagnostic suite for anyone wanting to keep their computer error free . The Antivirus protection program is top notch , protecting you and your friends against the new types of viruses that work via your e-mail program . Norton Antivirus also automatically updates itself through the internet , which is good for people who have a DSL or Cable connection . This feature does n't work well with a dial-up connection , though.Norton SystemWorks diagnostic programs are fast , efficient and trustworthy . Being a long time user of SystemWorks , I found that this version works much smoother than past versions . SystemWorks schedules itself to do weekly checkups automatically , which makes this the perfect diagnostic suite for the user who does n't often run diagnostic programs.As with all Norton programs , SystemWorks is easy to install and just as simple to use . The book that comes with the boxed disk - - which is what I have - - is easy to understand and does a decent job explaining how things work for the new user of Norton SystemWorks . If you 've used Norton SystemWorks before , get the download ; if you are new to SystemWorks , buy it boxed . All in all , it 's a great diagnostic suite!I am running Windows 98 . Also , I went from SystemWorks 2000 to SystemWorks 2002 without a glitch .
 I see some very negative reviews here , mostly from WinXP users , so I 'll state up front that my experience has been in Win98 and Win2K . If this software causes XP systems to burst into flames I just would n't know about that . I 've used the Norton Utilities since DOS days , and while the functionality and user information is greatly decreased in all of the Windows versions -LRB- I think Symantec really is n't trying hard enough -RRB- , I still feel these are the best value for what they do and what they cost.In my opinion these have more functionality than the 2000 version , which was in my mind the least functional version ever released . My experience is that for several years Symantec rode their laurals and let these utilities become stale reflections of their former usefulness , but now the folks at Symantec are starting to show some interest -LRB- probably because of lagging sales -RRB- in improving them again.Even if these had the in depth features the older stuff had , I probably would n't have time to use it . In that vain , the on-button checkup , which runs all of the dignostics in order , is a graet improvment over previous versions . Set it up to run , go do something else , come back later and run the fix-it programs for what 's wrong.I wo n't list all the features here - if you do n't like Amazon 's list go read the Symantec web site list - There are plenty and I find they all do what is claimed of them , but not a byte more.I see other 's here bemoaning the demise of the Cleansweep registry cleaner , but that always corruped my registry and I never used it for that reason , so I do n't cry over that loss . I 've always found claensweep to be an overrated loser program even before Symantec aquired it , and Symantec has done nothing to improve it . I do n't even load it.I have tried other utilities over the years but I have found that they either cause my operating system to break and make me spend hours reloading or they just do n't do a very good job.Overall , I have to say that these are n't as good as they once were , are n't as good as they could be , but are still plenty good -LRB- despite my feelings about Cleansweep -RRB- and the best bang for the buck in software utilities .
 As has been noted in these reviews already , there can be some installation issues . The easiest way to avoid these problems is to copy the entire CD to your hard drive , and then install from that copied directory . From what I 've seen , this works flawlessly . System Works is one of the few programs that I will trust a computer that I 've built for an inexperienced user to . By setting up the schedules for everything that needs to be done before turning the system over , it ensures that things will be running well for a long time .
 We have a P4 1700 MHz system running Windows XP.Overall , we have found System Works to be a good bundle of utilities . The Virus Scanner runs much more smoothly than McAfee VirusScan and seems to tie up fewer system resources . Speed Disk , System Doctor , Disk Doctor and Win Doctor all have improved the performance of our machine . Although it would be nice if CleanSweep offered a more in depth cleaning of our hard drive , the Fast & Safe Cleanup is just that - very fast and has not caused us any problems whatsoever . Additionally , the Norton Web Services and Symantec Web Services are very helpful , offering online security checks , virus scanning , software updating , etc.Were it not for the unfortunate limitations of CleanSweep , we would definitely give this 5 stars .
 SystemWorks 2002 works well under XP so far . Norton Anti-Virus and Norton Utilities are both fine . CleanSweep is okay , but not terribly useful . Not much new since the previous version .
 I recently committed two dreadful sins
 I apologise to Ron Popeil and his cooker , but this system is really that easy ! By far the easiest to install and use among Norton 's and MacAfee products . I have been running it with XP for a few months now . I first used it as a Beta release with my XP RC 2 copy , then installed SystemWorks 2002 after I installed the XP final product . It has caught several viruses so far , handled them perfectly and automatically . Upates are downloaded and installed automatically in the background while you are online . What more could a person want ? If you have an old clunker , you can disable the background updates . Buy this product and you wo n't have to worry .
 While far from a complete PC tool kit , this in conjunction with Internet Security gives you far more confidence in your PC.The tools in the box allow you to better organize your hard drive , scan for system errors , has an active anti-virus that updates when the new files are available , and much more.A very good start fro basic system maintenance .
 This is the original , authentic Adobi Acrobat 8.0 standard software . It was well packaged and arrived in the original manufacturer packaging . It works great as expected .
 I needed to have Adobe on a new computer . I had been using version 7 Pro and loved it , but I did n't want to buy a full version of Adobe Pro , and I wanted to keep using my version 7 Pro on another computer . Version 8 Standard is very good . I especially like that it gives the option to convert more than one Excel tab into a pdf document . The only thing so far that I miss is the version 7 Pro optimization feature .
 I 've been working with Adobe Acrobat 5 for years , it was time for an upgrade , but I did n't want to spend a fortune on the new version . This was a compromise.It creates a much cleaner pdf than 5 did , and it was much faster . However there were some flukes -LRB- as with any software -RRB- romping over my preferences - ie it conflicts with the new Adobe X Reader plug-in for browsers and causes pdf files not to display in a web browser . They can still be shown locally . I simply uninstalled and re-installed and set my preferences again.All in all , it 's a good upgrade compromise .
 This version of Adobe Acrobat -LRB- version 8.0 -RRB- is cost-effective yet has all the features most people need . It works well with Microsoft Office -LRB- 2003/2007 -RRB- and has some of the neat features I wanted such as the insertion of comments and sticky notes .
 Product worked fine , arrived on time , good price , though it was n't a retail pacakage as I was lead to believe by the image .
 This was just what I wanted ! Works great ! Priced right ! Such an easy program ! I have to use Lotus Approach at work & wanted the program at home in case I need to key in something or check something . Was so excited to find it since it was ' 97 .
 The smart suite feature that I admired most was it 's Organizer.The organizer was the single best product Lotus ever developed . It was easy to use and I have always used it for cataloging anniversaries for birthdays , immunizations , etc. for noth the family and our extended family -LRB- Pets our other little children .
 Exactly what I was looking for . Great price for a lot of good info . The tutorial enables you to learn at your own pace . I would highly recommend .
 This is a real easy to use software title that I was able to install , load a DEM , and create a simple animation in just 15 minutes with . I love it ! Check out the demo from VendorNation.com then come back here and buy it !
 I tried both , norton ghost 9.0 and R-driveimage 2 first but those two did not work well at all . Ghost 9.0 could not see my external USB drive . R-driveimage 2 trialversion crashed a couple times.Acronis trialversion worked right away . It can be used to image a drive while windows is running -LRB- ! -RRB- and the bootable recovery CD worked right away . It could see all my drives . A good experience for a change ! I recommend this productly strongly .
 Now that Symantec has bought Powerquest and succeeded in destroying their product line -LRB- PowerQuest Drive Image replaced with the inferior Norton Ghost , and Powerquest Partition Magic 8.x crippled with `` activation '' and other annoying anti-piracy measures -RRB- , Acronis TrueImage becomes the best option out there.I 'm using an earlier release , not 8.0 , but I can recommend it wholeheartedly . A great product , well done .
 Although I 've been a big supporter and user of Norton -LRB- Symantec -RRB- products since way back to 1988 , specialized utilities like disk imaging and partitioning have not been well implemented by Peter Norton . The developers at Acronis have disk imaging down . This application works beautifully and takes a `` snapshot '' of your entire hard drive in no time . This makes an excellent backup solution , so that you do n't just end up backing up your `` My Documents '' folder -LRB- and all those mp3s and pictures you have -RRB- . By taking a disk image , you capture all those little settings you have made , so that if anything goes wrong with your current hard drive , you can simply pop in a new hard drive , boot up to the rescue media boot CD that Acronis True Image can create for you and bingo ! You 're back in business . This is a top-notch piece of software and I would highly recommend it for expert or novice users alike .
 I bought Acronis True Image 8.0 because I have a new laptop from Dell who no longer ship the disks necessary for a complete rebuild of the operating system -LRB- instead , there is a Ghost image of the factory build on another partition ON THE SAME DISK -RRB- . I needed a way of securing my operating system state against a variety of risks - worms , finger trouble , head crashes , regretted purchases of software , etc. I suspect a lot of you are now in the same boat , especially if your investigations have led you here!Acronis True Image is slap bang in the middle of the market niche resulting from Dell 's new approach . For that reason it gets 5 stars . I used it to create a standalone bootable version of itself on CD -LRB- making 2 copies -RRB- , after which I uninstalled it from my laptop -LRB- which I like to keep clean of unused software -RRB- . The standalone disk successfully backed up my hard drive to 7 CDs using the self same CD drive that I had booted Acronis standalone from . Subsequently I used it in the same way to rehearse my restore , with 100 % success . I did all the partitions on the hard drive in the same operation . This is important if Dell PC Restore -LRB- Ctrl-F11 -RRB- is to survive.Q
 I 've been through so many bad products , and this one worked so well and with so little effort I 'm writing my first Amazon review , which I do n't normally do . Installed without a hitch , burned a bootable CD-R effortlessly , and created images to my network-attached storage drive , which Norton Ghost refused to do properly . High recommendation . I wish more products were like this .
 While looking for a utility to help me do better backups , the name `` Acronis '' kept popping up . I ended up getting version 8.0 because it had won so many awards . Maybe I should have gotten the newest version , but I am very satisfied with version 8.0 .
 I 've been using this product for almost 2 years . It creates and restores images of my OS and programs perfectly . Two months ago , I had a hard drive failure in a RAID 0 configuration -LRB- 2 drives configured as one single drive -RRB- . After replacing the faulty drive and rebuiding the array , I used the Acronis recovery CD and restored my backup image , -LRB- which I keep on an external Seagate hard drive -RRB- , back to the RAID 0 array . Worked perfectly !! Saved me about 3 months of work rebuilding my system from the bottom up and restoring all my programs . If you read the manual and know what your doing , this software works!I highly recommend it !!
 After removing Symantec 's garbage from my computer I decided to give ATI a try . Installation went flawlessly . The software has worked without a problem so far . It recognizes my external firewire drive -LRB- Norton Ghost did not -RRB- . It DOES support CD-R . Made a bootable CD and it works as advertised . So far I am very happy . This package has saved me once already from having to re-install Winblows XP.Recommended . I give this 4 instead of 5 stars as I can not yet comment on their techsupport . Although that cant possibly be worse than Symantec 's .
 I 've tried Ghost and Vertias . They are good software packages , but just too complex.I wanted something that could simply take an image of my harddrive and store it on another physical device . Both Vertias and Ghost Enterprise edition seemed to make the assumption that I had an external backup server . I do n't . And while I 'm sure I could have taken extra time to configure Vertias or Ghost to work on my server , I just do n't have the time for that.Acronis is exactly what Vertias and Ghost are not . It is straight forward , user friendly , hassle free . It 's exactly what I was looking for . I have had ZERO problems backing up and restoring using Acronis . I recommend it highly !
 21 November 2012Very rarely I wrote a rating about a product purchased `` on line '' ! but this time , I have been so please with everything , that I will take a few minutes to share with future buyers my experience with AMAZON.COM.First of all , this ACRONIS cloning program is really great at all point of view , especially for me , wishing to find a cloning program for an old but excellent operating system WINDOWS 98 SE . The product described was mentioning few littlescratches on the product box , etc. . flaws that I would NOT HAVE NOTICED if I would not have been warned before !!! So the packaging was better than described , I found in the box
 I bought this just prior to a trip to Germany and the Netherlands.We installed it and used it successfully with a Microsoft GPS receiver without even referring to any of the documentation , a testament to simplicity.Keep in mind you need TWO people in the car to use this safely unless you 're going to pull over regularly , and this is hard to do on many European highways.It was extremely useful because many streets in Amsterdam either did n't have street signs or the sign did n't match our printed map . Also , for whatever reason , signs in Germany and the Netherlands for major highways tell you what cities each direction leads to , but not the direction -LRB- East , West , etc. -RRB- so if you did n't know the names of some nearby towns , you could n't tell which direction to take . Watching the arrow on the GPS allowed us to determine , in most cases , which way to go -LRB- in some cases , they 'd have 2-3 ramps and they 'd reverse direction which made it hard to tell if you could n't see the ramp -RRB- . A few caveats
 We just returned from 3 weeks in Europe relying on Route 66 to get everywhere . It 's GREAT ! I almost did n't purchase the program based on the first negative reviewer . But his problem was that he wanted names in American rather than the native language -LRB- and the road signs are in the native language ! -RRB- . -LRB- And if he really tried , he could have found his destination by clicking down by country and region . -RRB- It was difficult adapting my Delorme GPS to work , but with the help of Customer Service from Route 66 , I did and then everything worked superbly all the way . Very easy , intuitive interfaces . More information produced than you 'll ever need . What blew everyone away was that we were driving and someone wanted a rest stop . Two clicks and all rest stops were displayed , with one in five miles . Similarly , we found a marvelous lakeside restaurant 4 miles off an autobahn to stop for lunch rather than relying on highway service food . All in all an invaluable purchase !
 I have purchased many well known mapping programs for the World , and USA.I purchased Route 66 Europe , because it stores on the hard drive , and does not require a cd to use . It also has gps capability with my laptop.The program is very good , given the amount of information it has -LRB- it will take up 11/2 gigs on your hard drive for full installation -RRB- . I give it 4 stars instead of 5 stars only because Microsoft is much more fun to use ; and that is what I am comparing it to , in terms of software.As far as I can tell , there is no good competition in this area of software . That is why I ended up buying Route 66 over other brands.My favourite program is Microsoft Streets and Trips -LRB- 2004 or 2005 editions -RRB- . If Microsoft made a European version , I would have bought it , instead of Route 66 . If I were choosing between Route 66 USA and MS Streets USA , I would go with Microsoft no doubt about it.If you are going on a drive around Europe , and you have the GPS receiver -LRB- that also works with Microsoft -RRB- , and a laptop , I would hope it works as stated on the packaging . I have not tried that function yet , but hope to in the future .
 Although this program is not as detailed on Europe as DeLorme Streets USA is of the US , which spoiled me , it is the best I have found and is very usefull.I found pathetic the reviewer 's ridiculous complaint that he could not find Florence or Rome , etc. . How Anglo-centric can one be ? He was using American spelling ! When in Rome , one does what the Romans do - use the correct spelling , not the Anglized spelling ! Rome is Roma , for instance . Do Europeans use their language 's spelling of , say , Houston , and impose their spelling -LRB- maybe Hustoni in Italian ! -RRB- when they travel here ? No , they use the spelling our country uses ! By his logic , someone from China traveling in Europe should be able to type in the Chinese language version for Rome and find it !! He expects the program to know every single world language word for European cities and translate ! This program was not made strictly for Anglos . Sure , if it was , it would be easier . He needs to buy Microsoft 's more primitive European map software !
 A fairly complete road atlas but with a few quirks . First , all the towns/locations are in the native language . For example , to use another review 's complaints , instead of searching for Florence , you have to search for Firenze . Instead of Rome , use Roma . The second quirk is that the interface with my Belkin GPS was somewhat spotty . Sometimes it works , sometimes not and I have not been able to figure out why . All in all though , I was happy with it -LRB- have not found any better Europe road atlas databases out there yet -RRB- .
 Was easy to use . Good search capability . For example , I just typed in the name of the route start and the hotel name where I wanted to go , it found them and mapped the route . It even found the location of carpools in Delft by just typing the two words . It is a very good software and the graphics look good too , better than the pictures posted on the software manufacturers website .
 Just used the Mapsource Topo Canada on my Garmin GPSMAP 60CSx for a week on Lac Kipawa in Quebec . Was amazed at the amount of detail , very small islands and small changes in the shoreline were shown . Easy to load on my computer and easy to transfer to a micro SD card .
 Good topo maps . Most lakes , streams , peaks are marked , along with surprisingly good coverage of minor roads and back roads -LRB- which are routable in MapSource -RRB- . MapSource calculated driving routes are often sub-optimal , but this is to be expected given that this is the topo product.My biggest complaint is that few trails are marked .
 I found this product very helpful and sufficiently detailed to be useful with my Garmin GPS . I do wish there was a bit more detail on the maps such as campsites -LRB- some are listed but no all -RRB- canoe portage trails , rapids , etc. . Overall I am quite pleased with this product and would recommend it .
 I received the topo map just before leaving for Algonquin Park . Loaded into my Garmin 60CSx with no problems -LRB- have a 2 gig card installed -RRB- . I was able to plan out the entire trip and mark the beginning and end of each portage . It was amazing to be paddling down a 15 mile lake and look down at the canoe floor to see an arial view of where we were in the lake , our speed , time to the next portage and a red arrow pointing the direction to paddle . The topo maps covered the park very well , but detail not there once you leave the park areas and travel on the roads ... but enough information to allow us to navigate our way back without any problems . I used a carabiner clip to attach the unit to the thwart of the canoe and that worked well .
 Great piece of kit your hand held GPS . I use it on my etrex Legend C , it has more detail than the City Navigator for my area . If you 're thinking of buying a City Nav . from Mapsource take a look at the `` actual view '' feature on the Mapsource web site and compare the two before you buy ... you might be surprised at how much better the Topo is . It 's easy to download the area 's you want to view , save yourself some time and read the instructions . It actually does exactly what it says in the user 's manual !! I 'm a MAC user and had to do it all on an old beaten up PC , and it was very straightforward . -LRB- Just wish Garmin made MAC compatible stuff ... come on guys get with MAC !! -RRB-
 Very good detail and accuracy . I would recommend this product to outdoorsmen . I now own Topo Canada and USA and use them all the time .
 I bought this primarily for an 8-day canoe trip in Algonquin Provincial park . Having this level of detailed mapping software made my GPS the go to navigation tool while on the move . I was pleasantly surprised to even find the portage trails marked accurately in the software . Highly recomended if you like to stay found .
 At first I thought this was way too expensive , but the level of detail is amazing . As a results the map sizes get extremely large quickly , but overall a great product
 I am absolutely addicted to these games . It is a really good workout for your brain ! My 9 and 6 year old love to sit with me and help me solve the mysteries . I would say that these are definitely family time games . Even on the junior detective mode , an adult should be around to help make suggestions . -LRB- I have Windows XP , and they work just fine for me . -RRB-
 These games are great ! my daughter , who is 14 , and I love to play them together . I also have Windows XP operating system . I had to update my Flash player to play it , but that is free online . If you use the analyze my computer at the installation of the game it will tell you what you need to do to make the games play correctly .
 UNFORTUNATELY THE BOXES THE ITEM WAS SHIPPED IN WERE BROKEN AND2 OF THE CD . 'S WERE DAMAGED DURING SHIPPMENT . HOWEVER THE REMAINDER WAS IN GREAT SHAPE AND I WILL PURCHASE MORE ITEMS IN THE FUTURE FROM THE SUPPLIER THANK YOU
 Wonderful pictures , sounds and field informationI do n't know what i did without it !!
 It 's easy to use and understand . It has a great bookmarking system that lets you pick up where ever you left off even months later and it 's nice to be able to follow along , it 's the best way I learn .
 I find many learning dvd tutorials boring , because the teacher often apply his knowledge with examples , that seems like a piece in a big puzzle , instead of collecting all the pieces and then make something useful out of it , at least after teaching the pieces.Well this dvd tutorial is different . The teacher John Ulliman has a real passion for teaching you flash , at least so it seems like , and eventhough the dvd is like 24 hours long , you never get tired , because the examples are relevant and complex . He goes from the 1 step and takes you all the way to the last one in developing , video , animations , design and so on . You are never lost , and every lesson go all the way , and do not stop like a piece in a puzzle . You get the hole puzzle here.The only thing I miss , is a chapter about using flash dynamically . There is one chapter about using flash together with xml , but that is after my oppinion the only chapter which are kind of weak , maybe because I do n`t get the xml part , but I wished he would have shown how you could make a simple form together with a server language.Well there is no doubt in my mind , this is without any doubt the best tutorial about flash out there , and if you wan na learn flash in a fun and quickly way , then stop buying other dvd ` s or books about learning flash , buy this dvd ! it is really great !
 I bought this for my 4 yr old daughter for Christmas and when it arrived I played it to be sure it worked on the system that we have . I have no idea what kind of system we have , but the game worked on it . Our computer is about 2 yrs old , but a decent one . No technical problems at all ; it was installed extremely fast and easily . The graphics are perfect for my daughter who does not like to be over stimulated with the graphics of a lot of the modern games . It is very simple , nothing fancy ; but busytown illustrations are very simple and dated in a good way . The games were age appropriate and had nice print out activities that I could see many children enjoying . There is a bit of chatter between some of the characters before allowing the player to do what they want to do but I think that is part of the design of the game ; that you play along with a story , and since this game is designed for younger children then the story would have to be read to them so it makes sense . It was a good purchase and I know my daughter will be happy with it .
 I got Quicken and I thought it would be horrendous trying to keep up with all the data entry . I thought , boy would it be easier if I could sync with my palm pilot -LRB- which goes with me everywhere , to every store , and to every cash register -RRB- . When I looked , sure enough , some genius had thought of the same thing before I did . The software incorporates a similar format to the PC version , so entries require as few stylus strokes as possible.I am a dentist , and there is a principle in dentistry that applies here
 The Mellotron was by far one of the most innovative instruments of the 20th century . Early adopters included the Moody Blues , Genesis , Yes and Elton John . The ability to play full fidelity -LRB- at that time -RRB- sounds of orchestras , instruments , choirs and more at the pitch requested became an artists dream.The M-Tron is just as innovative . Using the current VSTi instrument wave -LRB- from Steinberg -RRB- standard , you can play the same sounds used by the Beatles , Moody Blues , Genesis , Yes -LRB- tales of topographical oceans anyone ? -RRB- and more . The first set comes with 27 or so sound banks , the additiional banks -LRB- Vol 1-3 -RRB- have sounds that were never available publicly -LRB- Frank Zappa and Moody Blues amongst them -RRB- . By far , the M-Tron is a great addition to anyone 's DAW .
 Just to allay any confusion , I do not own a real Mellotron -LRB- which should be obvious considering I 'm reviewing an emulation thereof -RRB- . Moreover , I have never actually played the real thing nor even been in the room with an M400 or a MkII . However , I absolutely adore these instruments , and any musical selection that uses them picks up a few points with me simply on that virtue . I have long wished to own one -LRB- or at the very least play one -RRB- , and my style of music just begs for Mellotron . It was because of the above that I purchased the M-Tron . Overall , this is a very good , complete package . It contains over 100 tape banks spanning a wide variety of sounds , though the selection is particularly rich in string and chorus sets . Some of these are barely usable for any genre , some are limited to the lo-fi retro sort of work , but most are surprisingly useful in myriad genres of music . Anything that uses a small string section , for instance , would work beautifully with a good set of MkII violins -LRB- take your pick ; there are four or five different strings tapes from the MkII alone -RRB- . Epic tracks would benefit greatly from the addition of any of the choruses -LRB- well , perhaps not all the choruses are useful -- see ahead -RRB- , Beatles-esque ballads just cry out for MkII flutes , and even the clarinet -- which is surprisingly beautiful and superior , in my opinion , to any digitally-sampled patch I have ever heard -- might find use in the odd song here or there.-INITIAL CONSIDERATIONS -LRB- INSTALLATION , ETC -RRB- - Installation is very simple . Put the disc in the drive , follow the instructions , enter the information printed on the cover of your instruction booklet , and just keep placing the -LRB- other three -RRB- discs into the drive as the installer asks for them . Make sure that if you 're using this as a VST or RTAS plug-in that you know exactly where your plug-ins folder is because you will be asked for this information during the installation.I did notice something odd , though . The driver support of the standalone player seems somewhat lacking because my Creative X-Fi 's own ASIO driver did n't work very well with the program . There was continuous clicking and noise in the background and the program did not handle polyphony very well . However , when used as a VST plug-in for Cubase , the M-Tron works flawlessly . Bear that in mind
 I tested this software on two Windows XP machines running a minimum of 256 MB RAM and it worked like a dream on both.Hands down , this is the best available emulation of the Mellotron - a vintage keyboard best known for its string , choir , and flute sounds . If you 've heard ` Strawberry Fields ' or ` Nights in White Satin ' you 've heard these sounds . GForce 's M-Tron goes far beyond these stock Mellotron sounds , including some sound effects , church organs , cellos , accordians , saxophones and the like . The Mellotron was originally conceived as a home keyboard , so there are also some chordal rhythms for various cha-cha and waltz dance styles . Yes , there are other software packages that have samples of the better-known Mellotron tapes but none of them can boast the variety included in the M-tron . The M-Tron provides many , many variations on the traditional Mellotron sounds that many prog rock fans have known and love . You do n't have to be a prog fan to want to have these sounds , however , as most of them could be used in any variety of musical contexts . I can easily imagine someone using many of these sounds to mimic 1930s film scores , for example.As the various Mellotron sounds come from tape-recordings from the middle 20th Century , they possess a charming , grainy analog quality perfect for anyone who would like to add an organic touch to their computer recordings . Digital perfectionists will recoil in horror from this device . Furthermore , despite the many sounds available here , the M-tron is n't a ROMpler . It honors the original Mellotron 's 21/2 octave keyboard limit as well as the 8-second maximum note length . The M-tron is n't a mutli-GB orchestral simulation and never claimed it would be - it 's a Mellotron in software format.There are no onboard effects , and the Mellotron samples are all in mono . This suits me fine . I would rather use my own delay , reverb , and chorus plugins than have to deal with bundled effects . Mono sounds are also easier to place in a stereo mix than true stereo samples are , and if you really want to create the illusion that your M-Tron strings are in stereo , just run them through a quality stereo chorus plugin . Besides , I imagine many of the M-Tron 's users are tech-savvy keyboardists in retro-themed rock bands , and they will likely run their laptop 's output directly into a PA so stereo is n't really necessary.As far as I can tell , this is a complete collection of all surviving Mellotron tapes . I would have liked it better if it included the Spanish flamenco-style tapes the Beatles used on the White Album , and some of the jazz combo sounds that are highlighted on a Mellotron demo floating around YouTube . But Gforce can only use what 's available to them , so why complain ? You already know if you want this software or not , and the price is a real bargain . Go for it !
 This product makes an excellent companion for the other JASC products , most notably , Paint Shop Pro . It provides easy to use , intuitive tools that can make dramatic adjustments in digital photos without having to take a course in photo editing . Included are red-eye reduction , framing options , easy resizing , photo gallery and html support , and a host of other utilities . While not nearly as comprehensive as its big brother , it nevertheless contains some shortcuts that JASC should have included in PSP . The batch processor makes resizing and format changing a snap for galleries of multiple images . No , it wo n't replace PhotoShop or PSP , but it does produce some quick-and-dirty editing capabilities .
 A million times -LRB- at least -RRB- better than any third person shooter . It challenges the player to solve problems on the way to achieving an overall goal . The graphics are excellent and my kids enjoyed playing this and the two other associated titles enormously . Probably not very challenging for kids over about 10 or 11 but great to have something that actually makes kids think while they 're having fun .
 The entire family loved this series of games . I wish they could produce more games like this - clever , inventive , constructive and engrossing . Full marks from an entire family .
 With its great animation and colorful environment , Mia captured my daughter 's attention immediately . Unfortunately , it took some time to learn how to maneuver and some of the activities required a bit of my help -LRB- hence only four stars -RRB- . Now that my daughter has mastered the basics , she loves the game ! She loves the feeling of control -LRB- she got to `` drive '' a car -RRB- and the amusing situations . I would highly recommend it , but be sure to both read the directions and watch the instructional movie -- we missed out on some of the necessities the first time .
 I loved this program , and it was so great to play , you find yourself playing for hours ! Do make sure that you read the instruction manual that comes with the CD-ROM , because it makes the game much easier , and it can help you if you ever get stuck when you 're playing .
 The current version of Mia 's Science Adventure 's is 2.0 . Be aware that there are older unauthorized versions being sold online . Although they may function correctly , they are not 100 % Windows XP compatible and do not work on Mac OS X . Many of these older versions being sold are packaged in a Topics Entertainment box . Kutoka can not provide technical support for these copies . Please make sure you are purchasing a 2.0 or greater version . -LRB- All genuine Kutoka boxes contain the latest version of the game . -RRB- This notice also applies to Mia 's Math Adventure and Mia 's Reading Adventure . The current versions of these games are 2.0 and 2.1 respectively.If you have any questions , please feel free to contact our technical support team at service@kutoka.com
 This has great graphics and lots of interesting activities . This is one of my 1st graders favorates .
 My kids and I are enjoying playing this game every night . All four kids sit around me at the computer and we try to figure out the puzzles . I do n't think a child can figure it out on their own but I sure enjoy the challenge with them . It 's so much fun that I have to force myself to shut it down while the kids are watching me or I 'll play out the whole game by myself after they go to bed.I highly recommend it if you want to be involved in the game with your kids .
 I bought this game to help my 61/2 yr old get up to speed on math . She really hates math and is very impatient when I try to teach her . Anyway , she loved playing this game and asked for it every day until she completed it -LRB- at level 1 -RRB- . Days later , she is still talking about her favorite parts of the game.As to the learning of Math , it was not as much activity as I expected ... however , the activities that are there are good quality . I did need to sit and help her the first time figure out what to do with each activity -LRB- The calculator was particularly hard to figure out how to get the results to display on the right hand side -RRB- . I am still searching for math software that actually teaches math , not just queries kids on what they already know . Mia is more of the latter than the former , however , I would buy it again . It is a quality product with superb graphics that my daughter loves . I will be purchasing the other MIA products -LRB- Reading and Science -RRB- .
 This is a GREAT program . I use it for homeschooling my son . The graphics are gorgeous , and there are lots of math games to play -- you can either play them in the sequence of the story , or just pick and choose the math games from the `` options '' menu . The math itself is on the easy side , my six year old can play level two on most games and up to level four on others . I am a math phobe myself , though , and I wish I could have used this program as a child . So I would especially recommend it for parents with math-phobic kids , of any age !
 My four-year-old daughter is almost through level one now without my help . She complains that it is gboringh but then keeps playing it for more than an hour after her complaint . I think her frustrations come from being unable to easily and quickly navigate around Miafs world . Sometimes when I come to help her because she is stuck , I see that she has clicked on everything too quickly while trying to find what she needs to do next , so the game can not properly respond . So far the math in level one has been no trouble at all . The difficult part was the days of the week , which she is now learning thanks to this fun , educational program . I look forward to seeing level two soon ! The Math Rabbit program we had before this was truly boring for her . This is a welcome addition to our CD-ROM case .
 The pictures in this package are fascinating and my 7 year old daughter , who loves math , has played this exclusively for the last month . The math is just the right level to provide a doable challenge . It is rather short -LRB- or else we are missing something -RRB- , but my daughter has played it over and over and enjoyed as much each time . It does have a level adjustment , but we have not used that yet . -LRB- Note
 The current version of Mia 's Math Adventure 's is 2.0 . Be aware that there are older unauthorized versions being sold online . Although they may function correctly , they are not 100 % Windows XP compatible and do not work on Mac OS X . Many of these older versions being sold are packaged in a Topics Entertainment box . Kutoka can not provide technical support for these copies . Please make sure you are purchasing a 2.0 or greater version . -LRB- All genuine Kutoka boxes contain the latest version of the game . -RRB- This notice also applies to Mia 's Reading Adventure and Mia 's Science Adventure . The current versions of these games are 2.1 and 2.0 respectively.If you have any questions , please feel free to contact our technical support team at service@kutoka.com
 This game covers a wide range of difficulty . My 5 year old son plays on level 1 , and he can answer the questions himself -LRB- he is very smart -RRB- . My 7 year old son -LRB- also very bright -RRB- chooses difficulty level 2 , and the questions are challenging for him . They have spent many hours playing Mia , and they have enjoyed it so much that we just purchased Mia Science and Mia Reading . Way to go Mia !
 Our family played this together . It takes about 5 hours to run through quickly . It is very entertaining and we have played it a number of times since . It works wonderfully on my XP system as well ! The story is cleverly told and the graphics are simply perfect . Even by todays standards . The live action Alice character was cute and spunky . She , in our opinion , was the ideal Alice for this particular presentation . My family and i enjoyed every aspect of this program . I would tell anyone i know to get this .
 Biblesoft has gotten serious about their software and seem to be listening to former criticism . They still include tons of outdated Christian freeware , but also they add some awesome bible dictionaries , handbooks , commentary , Greek , Hebrew helps etc. . The best part is taking all of this and putting it in a explore and study package . They have updated the software a few times to address issues and I am truly happy having all my software as one massive search and explore . I know there are other products out there but i do feel you get the most easy , intuitive massive library for the price . I have added a lot of add ones for additional money and feel so good to have all my Christian resources all together in one package . It saves me tons of time not having to go the Christian Library when I have my own personal one . I have substituted collecting Christian books in my Biblesoft Pc for Dvds . Now that a good thing right ? My only complaint ? Get even more discounted books and sets of a variety . There is so much Christian material out . I love love love this product and find myself studying the bible instead of watching my massive DVD movie collection . Finally if you are a Hi-tech type of person like me then this is your answer . It fulfills your need to be on computer with the fulfillment of pursing God 's truth in all his works of Words all together . I use this for my class , bible study , personal use , church etc. . I wish i knew the people who produce this more they should do a profile or something to include in package . Ps do n't skimp out by getting the lesser package the best value is the 5.0 Advance Reference Library . Ok to me its like the Ipod for Christian software and i am done !
 Honestly I can not say enough good things about the PC Study Bible product in general . As a Christian layman this program has aided me in my studies as well as online discussions . Fairly easy to use . Some things about it could be more user-friendly but once you 've figured them out it become routine .
 Biblesoft was delivered quickly at a reasonable price , but the packing of the product for shipping was inexcusable . there was very little popcorn on the bottom of the shipping container and none was found on the top of Biblesoft causing the box to be partially crushed . UPS is very rough with their shipping with the shipping carton split open on one side due to UPS poor shipping process.Biblesoft is an excellent product that is allowing me to dig deeper into God 's Word as he is moving in my life and I am seeking to be in the likeness of my Savior Yahushua -LRB- covenant name given to Jesus by his Father -RRB- meaning YHWH our Savior ...
 It 's not PhotoShop with all the bells and whistles but for me it 's a very useful photo editing program that is easy to use and has every feature any amateur photographer would want or need . For the price it 's very much worth it .
 Simple and Great video editing software considering it is for the normal and home user . I would say it is the beginner to Intermediate user tool . I can really create fast movies very quickly.Pros : Easy to installEasy to split/edit Home videosCompatible with iLinkSupport for High Definition HDV CamcordersCompetitive priceCons : User Interface can be confusing at the beginning to understand and placement of workspace windows.Rendering is slow .
 I was using Pinaccle 's Studio 9 until I got my new HDD camcorder and that software became nearly useless . Now I 've got Premiere Elements 3.0 and it works fine , though a little bit slow and heavy sometimes .
 The desktop is clear and intuitive ... I have used Pinnacle 10.0 -LRB- locks up on me ... even after I figured it out -RRB- , Nero , MovieMaker ... Premiere Elements 3.0 is the ONE !!!!!!! I have never had any luck understanding Adobe format software -LRB- Photoshop -RRB- , but this was so easy . At first I could n't get it to burn the created movie ... followed the online trouble shooting directions
 I 'm happy with the product , and you can read all about it in other reviews . It 's a good piece of software for the home enthusiast.However , DO NOT factor the rebate into your buying decision . I followed the rebate directions to the letter and received a nice email and postcard telling me my claim was rejected for not sending in all the materials . And yes , I checked my photocopies of the form , receipt , and box tab . I sent exactly what they requested.Just something to consider . It 's still not an expensive piece of software .
 -LRB- Written by Angela 's husband -RRB- . I 'm a Pinnacle Studio user . I ordered the latest version of Studio and it would n't even install . I was frustrated enough that I ordered Adobe PE 3.0 . For the most part I like it . At least it installed without problems.Pros
 Remember ... this is a software program and may require you to purchase appropriate hardware to compliment!PRO 's
 I 've only just begun using this software , but have not found it to be so easy to use for a novice at film editing or to make a slideshow . I would have liked to have seen better and more tutorials . I find the tutorial confusing . So far I have been able find most of the answers to my questions through the Help section , but it just is n't as straight forward as I would have liked . I purchased this b/c it was rated so high by PC Magazine . I 'm sure in time I 'll learn the software better , but it just seems more challenging and not as easy to learn as most sofware I have taught myself to use .
 After using another editing program for a year and having it crash regularly , I bought PE 3 . The interface is definitely easy to figure out , but getting help if you need it is only a couple clicks away . For me , one of the most important things was to have a stable editing program , and PE 3 has n't let me down . Never a problem or glitch . The price is right too .
 Software arrived fast and one hour after opening the CD , my 14 year old daughter had assembled her first movie and copied it to a DVD.The only problem is the rebate
 Elements 3.0 is great ! It is easy to use , and has too many features to list . I am very impressed with the compatability of this software and my camera . Editing videos has been fun , easy to do , and it looks very professional .
 Never tried my hand at editing but this was a first . I could not have chosen a more perfect product . Would highly recomend .
 My camera makes . mov files , the DVD software I had would n't play any audio from . mov 's , but this did . You can tweak the video just like it was in Photoshop , do music , narration , etc. . It took forever to encode a 30 minute video , but the actual burning wasfairly fast.Warning-will not run on any AMD Athlons -LRB- except Athlon 64 's or Athlon XP 's I think -RRB- or Pentium 3 's . Also wo n't import . mpg movies , or the 1 . mp4 I tried . Worth the $ 25 . I had to uninstall Premiere 7 demo before it would run though .
 I found that Adobe Premiere Elements 3.0 meets my needs for video editing . I now intend to upgrade to Adobe Premiere Elements 7.0 -LSB- I think they skipped a few numbers . -RSB- I had been working on editing of still images and was ready to advance to video editing because digital video is becoming a bigger part of my experience . I get videos from :1 . Conversion of old 8 mm movies to digital video & iexcl ; V I have a large inventory of these2 . My children have digital video recorders and send me some of their work .3 . My digital camera allows me to take short videosEditing these , and integrating them , would create videos more enjoyable to watch.There are many video editing programs available starting with free ones such as Microsofts Movie Maker . Then there are many programs with costs in the $ 40 to $ 100 range . The top of the line includes Adobe Premiere Pro CS4 which lists at $ 800 , Apple Final Cut Studio 2 at $ 1,300 and many others , some even more costly.Adobe Premiere Elements costs $ 80 . It is relatively easy to learn which is good for beginners and it contains a host of features which appeals to intermediate editors . I had been using lesser capable video editors so I took some time to get acquainted and comfortable with the more advanced Premiere . I am glad I stayed with it for I now can do some marvelous editing operations which make my final edited videos much more watchable . I am hooked on Adobes Premiere Elements.Version 3.0 allows me to import slide slows from Elements and convert them to videos while adding synchronized audio , fancier transitions and active video titles . I can also do some pan-and-zoom which makes me feel like Ken Burns -LSB- produce of TV documentaries The Civil War I , Baseball and many others -RSB- . These videos are then more interesting to watch than the initial slide shows.Premiere Elements 3.0 uses a Sceneline method for editing . Video files are imported and placed on a time line . They can then be rearranged and edited . The Timeline view can then be used to add special effects , titles and audio -LSB- I wish I had Ed MacManns voice and a better knowledge of music to add to my videos . -RSB- The screen is well organized and easy to use to bring up different operations . Editing includes back-light correction and color correction , both features are very useful for me . Special effects are available but need to be used with care , too many can distract from the video.At present , I only need to save edited files so they can be seen on my computer . Next I will use the capability to export to DVD that can be watched on a TV with DVD player . That will enable more friends and family to enjoy my edited videos . However Premiere Elements also allows output to IPod and other external devices which are becoming more prevalent.Adobes Premier Elements 7 is undoubtedly even more feature-rich and capable . I will upgrade from 3.0 to 7 and produce videos that my family will enjoy watching .
 If you have a Sony camcorder , plan on buying a plugin that costs as much , if not more , than this software . I love the interface , love the extras . This is definitely and Adobe product , it just does n't natively edit MPEG2 's .
 I bought this thinking that I needed to upgrade from premier elements 2.0 because 2.0 does n't support HD . I found out afterwards that my camera -LRB- canon HV10 -RRB- can play back in SD when downloading to the computer . Duh ! Oh well ... I am trying out this software and it seems pretty good . I think it is geared more towards the basic user . I personally like the layout more in 2.0 where everything is not readily available -LRB- i guess i just like nested menus -RRB- . It seems to run a bit quirky at times , but all in all its a pretty good buy and has a lot of potential for you to make some pretty professional looking videos . I never had it crash . But just an fyi , if you plan on working with HD video , make sure you have the computer HP to back it up . HD video takes a lot of processing power to work with .
 I 've had a lot of fun using this program . Yes , it 's a little confusing at first when you do n't know exactly what you 're doing , but is n't that half the fun playing around figuring things out ? This is definitely a program you want to consider if you 're tired of using such basic things as MovieMaker or iMovie . It gives you so much more variety and options to choose from , including multiple video and audio tracks compared to others . And compared to it 's big brother , Premier Pro , it 's a great buy considering what 's all included and the costs.Oh , and a little piece of advice to those of you out there who may be skeptic reading other reviews . If you 're wondering how you 'll like the program and whether it 'll work on your computer , why not go to Adobe 's site and download a free trial and try it out before you buy it . That 's what I did . The only thing ... just make some practice movies rather than something you 'd really want to use in the future ... since it 's a trial version , Adobe likes to smack a nice watermark on top of your movie .
 Pros
 Adobe Premiere Elements 3.0 is the best home video editing product on the market . I downloaded the trial version off of the Adobe website and I fell in love with it at once.You get so much for so little money . Although , the user interface is overwhelming to those who just want to get their tapes to DVD . But luckily the Sceneline mode makes it easy to arrange and edit your footage together.The Green Screen technology that it does is THE BEST you can get for $ 100 or less . Even though the subject that was keyed out was a little transparent , I was able to fix it by importing that clip twice and turning the first one into a `` mask only '' . Then I took the second clip , keyed it out and adjusted the cutoff -LRB- to about 30.0 to 40.0 -RRB- . Then I had to make the background brighter just a little bit . In the end , after about 10 minutes of work , I got PERFECT results . Now I can clone myself . . All in all , there are so many things possible with the product , you wo n't believe it . For those of you who want to have perfect chroma keying results , USE THIS PRODUCT . But for those who want to simply edit and arrange their videos and put them to DVD , I recommend Arcsoft Showbiz DVD 2 . Pretty nice , just ca n't do any super-special effects like Adobe PE.It is the best for so little money . But it does require a lot of horsepower . 512 RAM is the least power it can handle , but 1 GB RAM is what you need if you want to edit HDV footage . And it ca n't run on Windows Vista , but Adobe did release a patch for that.I give this product 5 stars because it has really cool special effects and transitions , and once you get the hang of it the interface seems easier to work with . I HIGHLY recommend this software package .
 This was my first purchase of a consumer grade video editing program , and I had prior evaluated the Pinnancle product . I am very glad that I purchased the Ver 3 of this Adobe product . I have a newer computer , not a cheap one , running XP Pro , 2GB fast RAM , dual fast SATA drives , decent hardware and have have no issues at all with stability . It never crashes . I make sure that I do not run any other apps when I 'm using this program too . Why I chose this program over others was that I especially liked the ability to have multiple video or sound tracks -LRB- up to 99 -RRB- which has made some editing picture in picture easier to do . This allowed me to lay out several clips and sync them , then arrange the cuts . I also needed the ability to do keyframe animation . Its a little tricky figuring how to do this initially , but once you figure it out via the Help topics , its easy . Keyframe anamation is not available in some other consumer products , and allows you to move , resize , spin , etc. . the videos , text , photos on the screen . You can get really imaginative and do lots with this if desired . the only thing this app lacks is 5.1 surround mix , but what do you expect for a sub $ 100 program ... This is one of those rare software programs where I was very pleased with my purchase , for the price . If people have performance problems , I 'd suspect the hardware , machine setup .
 I spent a lot of time looking a various products , trying them out -LRB- soooo glad that is possible -RRB- and comparing features and usability . I found this to be simply the best in new-user friendliness and in features . The ability to get compact , high quality flash video -LRB- flv -RRB- , multiple tracks , chroma screens ... it will have all I need for a long time . Premier 3 lost a star because it seemed relatively slow to render -LRB- I could be wrong about that -RRB- and the video titles do not seem as sophisticated or varied as in some products . Also , the audio editing is minimal . I also own Photo Elements 5 -LRB- IMHO 5 stars -RRB- , and strongly recommend users look at the new dual package . It is a bargain for someone looking for an image package as well as video .
 I 'm a novice to movie editing , and have very little experience with this program , but so far it has worked well . Installation was without incident . It seems to be operating with stability and has not crashed . This was something I was concerned after reading comments by other users of all brands of movie editing software . I have used it on 6 to 8 occasions without incident . I gave it only four stars because I do n't feel I have enough experience to rate it a five .
 More complicated software than other video editing software but it has more features . It would help if a better instruction manual was provided with the software to make it easier to learn .
 I am very pleased with this product . It is very similar to final cut pro -LRB- which is what I am used to using -RRB- , I have n't had any trouble using the program . Would recommend to others . One of the top film-editing software 's on the market , especially for windows .
 Like their other products , this one works well , is intuitive , and satisfactory . No problems , just getting through the learning curve right now .
 I tried all the other ones out there and had nothing but trouble with lockups or the software was very hard to use . I look at Adobe with the free 30-day free trail and I could not believe how easy it was to use and how stable it is . I use it for both slide shows and movie editing and create of DVD movies with menus . I would only go with this software.Tom
 Good price , easy to use , very complete for an beginners package .
 I have found this program to be very easy to use , with a clean interface and useful instructions , including built-in training . It also has a surprising amount of advanced features for the price . I think this is a great appllication for amateurs and prosumers alike .
 I wanted to make `` fancy '' home movies , and also learn about and experiment with editing . So far this software has been great - I can do everything I want , though I often have to consult the help screens . I have n't yet found something that I want to do but the software ca n't handle.I am using Windows Vista and there are no problems so far .
 I have to admit first off that I am a dedicated Adobe fan , having used Photoshop extensively over the last 7 years -LRB- along with Illustrator -RRB- . Adobe 's efforts in providing decent instructions on how to use their products is another matter , however.This supposedly dumbed down version of Premiere Pro was just what I needed for editing some old home movies . It 's simple enough for the amateur to get started but has enough additional features to help you make professional looking videos . It 's a similar comparison with Photoshop and Photoshop Elements.Premiere and Photoshop are closely connected so that changing a still in Photoshop automatically changes it in Premiere.This is definitely a big step up from Windows Movie Maker as far as what you can really accomplish -LRB- and without system crashes , which happened to me the first time I tried Movie Maker -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and get `` Hollywood Special Effects with Adobe Premiere Elements 3 '' by Carl Plumer to get the full benefit of this very good program.Update
 A typical Adobe high quality product . There are numerous built-in tutorials . I use the program to create DVDs with excellent results . I have used both Roxio 's and Nero 's similar multi-featured progams in the past and Premier Elements is superior . The search program in Help could be a little more intuitive instead of specific terms used in the program , but this should n't detur anyone from purchasing this product .
 I used Pinnacle for my video editing and was very disappointed . Pinnacle constantly locked up and more than once I lost hours of editing because it would n't save properly . My PC is a powerhouse so I know it was n't the computer . I tried Adobe Elements and am very happy . It is the best inexpensive video editing software I have used . My wife and I photograph and video weddings and events and we need something that is fast , easy to use , and affordable . Adobe Elements is all of the above . I also use it to create and edit videos for my Web site , www.Geckotales.comI highly recommend Adobe Elements to anyone that is looking for editing software for home or small business use . It 's the best think I have found for the price .
 If you want to create your own home videos that are actually interesting for people to watch , this is the program to get . I purchased a JVC Everio GZ-MG30 HDD camcorder and I use this software to create my videos . Once you get over the initial learning curve this software is amazing . I 'm able to make great looking home videos with music and titles in just a couple hours . I highly recommend this software for anyone who wants to make great looking home videos .
 Like so many rebates , there is always some mysterious `` Tab 1 '' behind the front cover . With nothing there but an insert page attached , I sent that hoping it to be `` tab 1 . '' I also sent everything else in the box but the book . The online rebate center was nice enough and available , but they disqualified my rebate . I have offered to send everything I received except the disk and they did not respond .
 I bought Premiere after I discovered that the software that came with my new DVD Palmcorder did n't let me edit on my PC . Somewhere I ascertained that Premiere did permit this , and indeed it does.I found it very easy to use , so much so that I was able to get my first two `` productions '' up on YouTube in a matter of perhaps two hours . Obviously I have not learned everything this product has to offer , nor do I use very well what I have already discovered , but it was easy to get results that , for a rank beginner , actually look sort of polished.This product would get five stars from me if it accepted DVD-RAM from my Palmcorder . It does not , and I nearly gave the product five stars anyway because my inquiry to their customer service people produced a very helpful and completely candid response that was clearly personalized for me . In other words , the quality of the customer support almost erased a small deficiency in the product.Overall , this is a really good product .
 Have used other production software , but this is far superior to them . Not the newest version , but a great product to use with many of the same effects available on the newer versions . There is virtually no documentation with the product so it is in your best interests to buy a book such as Hollywood Special Effects w / Adobe Premiere Elements 3 . By using the sample files on the disk in the book , I was able to learn how to create great special effects . If you 're looking for the Wow factor from family and friends , you 'll get it with this program .
 I usta use Sony Vegas Movie Studio , but I never got the hang of trying to produce good ovlaying graphics , such as lower thirds , but now with Premiere Elements 3 , I get great results.Some of you might wonder how that can be , doto the fact it 's not a full pro version . Well I do n't know , but it does the trick for me . Bottom line , if you 're like me and do n't have $ 1000 of dollors to spend on the pro versions of any of Adobe 's products then the Elements versions are the ticket .
 This is the third video editing product I have use . It is by far the easiest to use and navigate . To be fair , the other products were in the $ 30.00 range and did not have the features this does . One would hang up , resulting in `` program not responding '' errors . Not so with Elements 3.0 . Time lines flow fairly smooth , which is a direct reflection of your computers capabilities . The help menu is actually helpful.I do not expect professional quality editing for $ 100.00 but this does everything I need.The soccer video I am putting together for my son 's team , complete with outtakes of falls and collisions with added music , has actually been fun to do with this program.One clich I should mention . I defragged my computer and upon returning to the soccer video , I found many time lines out of place . Save your work to a DVD or external drive if you defrag.Still , highly recommended .
 The workflow is ok if you follow the ` prescribed ' path , but if you need to deviate , it is quite difficult to either go a different route or to find help on performing various activities.This program makes a great final product , but it is FAR from intuitive . I 've given it a 4-star rating based on the polished results of the DVDs I 've created with it .
 Premiere Elements has almost the same features than its `` big brother '' Adobe Premiere but the price is much more affordable.It is an excellent tool for amateurs and yet professionals.Regards
 At under $ 100 , Adobe Premier Elements -LRB- or `` APE '' , as we call it -RRB- is an outstanding value . With this , you can take control of your video by editing , adding transitions and effects , text , and more . It 's just an excellent product .
 Does not tell you untill you install it that it needs SSE capable CPU.Could create problems for some PC 's which easily meet all other requirements .
 I have edited camcorder videos for many years . I have used Video Director , Dazzle , and Pinnacle Studio . I decided to try Adobe Premiere Elements because of the good experience with Adobe Photoshop . I find Adobe Premiere Elements to be straightforward to use .
 As a new camcorder owner , I wanted to find an application that would let me be immediately -LRB- no manual needed -RRB- productive as a video editor . Since I am a PhotoShop fan , I decided to try Adobe Premiere Elements 3.0 and was totally pleased . It is very easy to use , intuitive and powerful . Buy and enjoy !
 I was looking forward to using the Adobe Premier Elements 3.0 to edit & put into DVD the MANY camcorder tapes I have . Unfortunately when I tried to download the software I was informed that my CPU did not meet the minimum requirements to use this software . SO now I have to upgrade my CPU when I can afford it.Ned Pritchard
 Video editing on the PC is more voodoo than artisty - almost every `` consumer level '' editing program on the market has compatibility problems , the software that comes with the hardware tends to be next to useless -LRB- if you can get it to work at all -RRB- , and customer support is TERRIBLE . Most of what is to be found is geared towards either 1 -RRB- encoding low-quality video either from TV or cell phones or 2 -RRB- `` dummy-editing '' for those that want to get poorly-edited YouTube video on the air . Consumers that want to do high-quality video editing but are n't professionals -LRB- read
 I have been frustratingly using Pinnacle for years . I started with Pinnacle 7.0 and had problems with it locking up . When Pinnacle offered Pinnacle 9.0 with claims that all its problems were solved I bought it . It was as bad in fact worse than the 7.0 . It had many features that were locked and could only be opened using a credit card.I received Adobe Pinnacle Elements 3.0 from Amazon this week and it is perfect ! It has many features Pinnacle lacked and works perfectly ! No locking up and the sound is synchronized with the video unlike Pinnacle which usually ran a second off . You would hear the hammer on its upstroke . Speech was irritating too.I have had good luck with Photoshop Elements for several years and when Adobe offered a product for video editing I was happy to get it . Adobe is a class act .
 Despite reading the reviews that said that it had many powerful features , I purchased Premier Elements -LRB- PE -RRB- expecting a fairly basic , wizard driven application . The out of the box experience was indeed simple . My first DVD project was about as basic an experience as using Windows Movie Maker -LRB- pretty easy -RRB- . After doing more projects , I have come to realize that PE really does have numerous high-end capabilities.Adobe has done a good job of hiding the more advanced capabilities beneith the surface until you are `` ready '' for them . For instance , the default view for the project is `` Sceneline '' , which is a very basic , clip by clip representation of the movie 's progression . Much of PE 's power , however , lies in the `` Timeline '' view , where multiple audio and video tracks can be composed . Title , audio , and video clips have properties that can be associated with keyframes , the `` tweening '' done between points in time . For instance , to have a title gradually grow larger between points in time , a keyframe is inserted for the size property at one point in time , than another keyframe is inserted after navigating to the second point in time . Once the text is enlarged at the second point , PE will grow or shrink the title between the points . The same principle applies to other base properties such as position and opacity , as well as properties based on effects that can be placed on each clip . Though I know the full version of Premier has many more bells and whistles , such as particle effects , PE seems to have the essential elements -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- to compose professional looking videos . Another surprise was the variety of output options . Though the software has great DVD support , it can also export DVD image files -LRB- I do n't mean photos -RRB- , several video file formats , as well as just video , audio , or stills.A final point of raving for PE is for the quality of title and DVD menu templates . Most of the templates are cleverly conceived , and thankfully they are truly templates in the sense that you can pretty much re-build or adjust about anything you might need to . That said , do n't expect full blown DVD menu authoring , the program * is * limited to the basic play movie/scene selection paradigm.Down sides
 I do a pretty good bit of video production . I have used let 's say most of them in the quest of finding a video editor that would do the real things I need . Ulead Video Studio 10 Plus is pretty good , but it lacks in the audio section . Pinnacle
 I rated this with four un-deserved stars because it basically is a great program when it works with some computers . You see even if you have a fast computer with super charged daul-core processor and 2 GB of RAM , most of you will still have problems . It will tell you after around 15 minutes of work and doing some fades , pans , zooms that you have a memory problem -LRB- you really do n't ; it 's the poorly programed software working with Windows XP -RRB- . Save your work now before it crashes '' type message box comes up . You better stop quick and save it or lose it . Some computers might be totally compatible with this Premier Elements and have no crashes -LRB- these lucky ones will tell you it 's something wrong you did ; do n't believe them -RRB- ; most computers will have problems.The Adobe programmers must have not tested this software with any video past 20 minutes long . Did they take Windows XP seriously ? I doubt it . Maybe after 5 minutes of testing these young kid programmers padded themselves on the back and did the longer video testing on a MAC . They need to hire an older programmer that has been around the block that can program this software to handle windows memory problems and fire all them x-hacker kids with the tatoos and earrings in their nose to program this software . You know , pay for an older expert programmer worth his salt to re-write the program so it can handle Windows XP memory problems . Then we could all boast about all the good features this software has.OK I have a work around . It works with me every time . Here 's what you do . After you spent a considerable amount of time and you have almost 20 minutes length , with all your fades and pans and such ; save it now . OK , after that go to FILE , EXPORT MOVIE and go and export to to a new folder you have created . It allows you to rename the file and you go ahead and it export a . AVI clean file . Yes , a clean . AVI file that has none of your fades , wipes , pans , or linked files of all your videos and photos that is hogging up your memory and system.Now after that , you exit Premier Elements . Then you open up Premier Elements again and start a new project linked to the new folder you created with that . AVI file of the whole movie . Bring in the . AVI file and then you can make a DVD without crashing and saying there is an error and it takes much faster to burn a DVD movie . Now if you want to make an over hour long DVD , then do this every 20 minutes . Or export an hour long movie and bring it in again as a new project and make a two hour long video or longer . It seems stupid , but it works and it 's the stupid people at Adobe not looking out for us non-professionals who want to make a professional video without the software crashing ; and saying it 's our fault -LRB- like not buying a dumb MAC -RRB- . Do they make sure the software does n't work that well with our IBM compatible computers to force us to buy a `` stinkin '' Mac ? I do n't need your stinkin mac !!! Again this is for most of us that even have a fast running computer that Adobe Premier Elements does n't like anyhow -LRB- like most of our computers -RRB- . Man , if these Adobe people could find out a way to love Windows XP by programing Premier Elements correctly to fix the memory errors , it would sell like hot cakes .
 A near perfect program in my opinion . Only downside is that it 's a total memory hog ... thus , 4 stars and not 5 . If you like to make videos and are detail oriented then I would say that this is the consumer video program for you . I tried Nero out and the default Movie Maker that comes with many pc 's and found this one to be so much better . There is a lot of versatility regarding sound -LRB- you can fade , add , remove reduce or increase audio options , have multiple layers -RRB- and video -LRB- multiple overlays for introductions , fading , transitions , effects , etc. -RRB- . I 've only made one video but the project required a lot of detail in order to make it slick and seemingly authentic . A classmate and I did a skit for our graduate school class based on a movie . With an image I found on the internet I was able to recreate the DVD Menu , select scenes , mix in the soundtrack onto our video , fade all audio and video transitions and have rolling credits at the end . The versatility of this consumer video program is right up someone 's alley if they are looking for many ways to express their creativity . A bonus feature that Nero did not allow , you can put in still photos into your video and determine how many seconds it plays . However , it should be noted that I did n't have the Nero Ultimate addition . Overall , I 'm very happy about the use of the program . My only complaints are those below.I 'm running a Dell `` productivity '' laptop . I had not intended to get into video editing but recently took it up . I have a 600m with shared video memory -LRB- ca n't upgrade :-LRB- -RRB- , 597 Mhz - 512 RAM , 1.80 GhZ , 40 GB hard drive -LRB- 16GB free -RRB- . Unfortunately , this is not nearly enough to make the program run smooth . I would recommend maxing out your machines ... well , everything , if it 's cost effective . If you do n't mind having to take a little more time with the program you 'll be able to do pretty well with it . When you 're done with your DVD/Movie and want to burn it has to encode the information before burning . For a 16 minute video with a few audio tracks this took about 35-40 minutes . Once this is done then copies burn as fast as your drive . I did work in Word while the video was encoding and nothing froze but this was pushing it . Sometimes the video or sound would cut in and out or go choppy because my machine 's memory just was n't enough.SPECIAL NOTES
 After more than a year of frustration -LRB- crashes , bug patch after patch , poor technical support -RRB- with Pinnacle , switched to Premiere Elements 3.0 / Photoshop Elements 5 . Installed on fresh XP MSE SP2 , 3.2 Ghz P4 , 1GB memory - no problems at all with install . Created first 30-40 minute video with lots of transition effects , multiple audio tracks , embedded slide shows , non-motion menu in 3 hours -LRB- including learning curve - but remember that I already had a very good idea of what to do and the new Elements 3.0 SCENELINE interface is similar to Pinnacle interface which I already knew -RRB- . Highly recommend Premiere Elements 3.0 for home video users .
 This Premiere Elements 3.0 is great ; I think it 's one of the Adobe products with an outstanding value . With the function it has -- especially with multi track video capability -- to me it 's really superb , for the price . The only effort that you need to unlock the MPEG export capability is to connect to internet . Thanks to Amazon for quick delivery and to Adobe for their quality product .
 this is a wonderful step up . intuitive with much more control of the details of the movie elements . i bought this based upon reviews here and i was NOT disappointed . neither will you , i believe .
 As a beginner , I am able use Premiere Elements 3.0 and get the results I want . However , I think that the instructions could be clearer , as I do n't always understand them , and must learn by trial and error . For me , the beginning of the learning curve is very steep . Do n't be discouraged , as the results are worth the effort .
 A month or so ago I purchased the older version which is n't Vistacompatable and I was n't aware of this initially and spenthours trying different configurations in order for the `` Get Video '' to work . If you run into this problem Adobehas a free update on their site to make it Vista compatable.It takes maybe a minute or so to download.This editing software is very user-friendly and has agood variety of editing tools and special effects . TheTimeline tool is very handy , you simply playback footage , clip scenes , and move them anywhere you wish along the Timeline.There is also fades , multiple audio tracks for adding narrationand soundtracks and a nifty , sensitive playback bar whichenables pinpoint editing . I 'm running mine on a 320GB hard drive , and according to premiere elements this gives me about 22 hoursof available space to upload my video , and so far therehas been no problems.UPDATE 11-12-2008Okay , I 'm now experiencing the same problems other reviewershave described . My video is about an hour long and I 've spent countlessweeks creating my film project and now I 'm continuously being bootedout due to either a `` System Error '' or by simply making some minorchange -LRB- such as adding text or moving a video frame -RRB- . Apparently , there is a patch on Adobe 's website for these crashes and I 'll be testingit out soon . If that does n't cure the problem then I 'd definitely say steervery clear of this program if you plan on making large film projects ... I 'll never get back the time this program has taken off my life.Update 11-19-2008Uploaded the patch ... it still does n't function properly . I even installedanother gig of RAM -LRB- putting me at 2.87 GB -RRB- . And still , I get the same vexingerrors ; such favorites as `` Unknown error '' , `` Export error '' , `` Adobe failed toreturn a video frame '' -LRB- well , what frame I wonder ? -RRB- and my all-time favorite `` Sorry , a serious error has occurred that requires Adobe to shut down '' . Myfilm is an hour , I 've spent countless hours tweaking and getting it just right , and now I ca n't export it , and I ca n't get past encoding . So , basically , thefilm is trapped inside that file . There is one technique left to try , whichI doubt will work , so I 'll be scraping Adobe and going over to Veags Pro -LRB- I 've read many great things about version 8 -RRB- . Thanks Adobe for the heartaches !
 This was for my son that attends broadcasting school and needs to edit video constantly . It was easy to install and use . He loved the pre-made graphic layers in the program . I got it for $ 50 from amazon and am glad I did . I 'd recommend this to the student on a budget .
 I have NEVER done any video editing before . I got this product primarily to be able to do take clips from DVDs we create at church and use in sermons while I am preaching . Then I discovered my MPG2 videos were n't working with PowerPoint , so rather than try to jump through hoops to fix the codec problems , I just opened Premiere Elements 3.0 and dropped the clips I needed in , then exported them as . avi files and they worked great . Then my wife handed me a DVD she wanted to use a clip from at church in less than 90 minutes . I had spent less than 30 minutes with the software up to that point , but I started dumping the DVD onto my hard drive while I went to a meeting . I came back in an hour , and everything was rendered on my hard drive . I played around with the interface for less than five minutes , and within 10 minutes had exported a three minute clip from the DVD into PowerPoint . I still do n't claim to know much about video editing , but I do n't know how a piece of editing software could get easier than this !
 Returning to practicing magic after many years , I happened to have selected this video in my effort to recreate my magic library . I was pleasantly surprised at Mr. Lindan 's presentations on this DVD to the point of purchasing additional copies to help others in their pursuit to learn illusion magic.Having used my magic as an `` ice breaker '' and `` attention-getter '' as a classroom teacher , I greatly admire and appreciate Mr. Lindan 's teaching approach and motives to use magic , in like manner , in the cold-hearted business world as a means to an end of getting his message across , by entertaining.By appearance , Mr. Lindan presents himself as a normally dressed businessman rather than wearing any top hat and cape , giving a clean-cut , 1950 's image . His magic routines are presented in an orderly , easy to understand presentation form with a directory that separates each illusion 's effect from its explanation , so the viewer can witness or show the tricks Mr. Lindan performs individually , and access each explanation in a separate viewing.Another plus about this DVD is that the tricks Mr. Lindan demonstrates have obviously been selected to give new performers , or even experienced ones , quality magic tricks that will capture the interest of most any spectator . His magic routines are above the quality found in any beginning magic kit , which I applaud.I have a fondness for Mr. Lindan 's style as I believe he gave a lot of thought into organizing the content of this DVD so that it would be favorable for any age audience , especially the young beginner . I have later learned , from further reading , that Mr. Lindan uses magic to teach the importance of good appearance qualities and character in the corporate world , which are often missing in today 's culture , yet reminiscent of earlier decades.To me , this DVD will remain a classic as Mr. Lindan 's performances demonstrate his `` class '' , not just as a performer , but in character . I have since visited his website at `` anthonylindan.com '' to discover more about his image and character , as I would encourage everyone else to do.If you want to learn some solid magic routines to start out , share with a beginning magician , or get back into magic , I would encourage you to keep a copy or two of this DVD in your library.I wish to add my thanks to Mr. Lindan and his production staff for this contribution to the world of magic and for trying to enhance our cultural and business standards .
 Norton 's AntiVirus is the best product out there . I 've used the others but they do n't perform as well . Norton is the most up-to-date and has offered me the best protection .
 I have yet to become infected with a virus over the years I 've used Norton Antivirus products . It intercepts ATTEMPTED virus transmissions very frequently . Highly recommended software !
 It works great most of the time , it is unobtrusive , but it stopped downloading the updates
 I previously owned 2002 and decided to upgrade , not much of a change but still a great program . Have n't had any problems with it yet .
 Never had a problem with it.Only thing is it can slow down your computer alot at times.OHH YEA , 2004 was released ; -RRB-
 Great sell ! Got here quick and in great shape !
 This is one of the best products on the market that offer stability and security!Pop in the cd , follow the easy directions to install and setup . You can even set it up to automatically download the virus definitions updates as well as preform system scans automatically according to YOUR schedule!I recommend this item to all my AssistantForYou.com clients ! It 's worth every penny !
 I 've tried McAfee and hated the customer service . Norton is the best . Trouble free ... works in the background ... updates itself !
 This is my favourite Anti-Virus program simply because it is both easy to use and does not slow my system down dramatically like some other Anti-Virus programs previously have.My OS is Windows ME and Norton has worked like a breeze on it . Norton hardly ever slows my system down during use , however starting up and shutting down time have almost doubled since I installed it . Not a huge price to pay considering I am constantly protected by Auto-Protect . The interface for Norton Anti-Virus is overly easy to use . And even a total computer novice should be able to set it up . It has a large array of options to help customize the program to your needs and because you can set it to update automatically , you have total peace of mind that you are protected against the newest viruses . The options include everything from auto protection to instant Messenger scans and more . On top of that , the main window of Norton has a simply check list for users to easily see what has to be done , or if there is anything that needs urgent attention . Luckily once this program is set up , you 'll never really need to open it again . Total protection.With all the options and extra features , Norton is definitely a must have if you need Anti-Virus protection , however , there are still some down sides to this program.For instance , as I have mentioned the starting up and shutting down time almost doubled on my system . Sometimes during major scans the program stops -LRB- this only happens occasionally to me -RRB- And there has also been a couple of times when shutting down that the program caused an error . These are mostly minor problems and apart from them there is nothing that I have encountered that would classify as a problem . This is a very reliable and sturdy Anti-Virus program .
 I have been using Peter Norton 's software since early DOS days , so I can say without a doubt that it is superior software . I have put it through the paces of DOS 3.0 through Windows XP . From Norton Utilities to AntiVirus , my trust has never faltered . I am happy to pay for subscription updates , as they are more than worth their price to keep my system running smoothly and virus-free . Their latest NAV 2003 simply proves Symantec continues to set the standard for anti-virus protection . When large fortune 100 companies are using the Corporate Edition of Norton AntiVirus , you can definitely feel safe , knowing you will win the battle against viruses , running this at home.I rather believe that all these individuals having so many issues after installing Norton AntiVirus - maybe there is something very wrong with your system that AntiVirus software can not solve . If you ca n't get NAV up and running , you may want to have those guys at BestBuy take a look at your computer.Bottom line , with rebates it 's an even better deal .
 I have been using Norton products for at least 5 years . In general they work flawlessly -LRB- I did have some trouble with Norton anti virus 2002 that required multiple uninstalls and reloads -RRB- . I have occasionally tried other virus programs and have found them to be inferior . Either they didnt work as flawlessly , crashed , crashed my system or were generally harder to interface with.Nortons customer support / tech support is less than stellar , however . Solutions tried based on their websites for progam * not virus * issues didnt work . Phone support was more expensive than buying a new versionn of the program.All that said ... It is the best anti virus program avaiable . It works flawlessly over 99 % of the time and it is easy to understand with out accessing help menus . The website is extreamly helpful for virus issues and has self-checks that can assess your vulnerability to different issues . Very helpful .
 I do n't know how many times I have been sent viruses over the last year , but it would have to be nearly a 1000 . If you use email like I do , you are definitely no stranger to viruses that lurk around every corner in cyberspace . Norton saved me plenty of times and the 40 or so dollars you spend on this product is worth its cost 50 times that because of what a virus can do to a computer without you knowing it . If I did n't have this software , who knows how much I would had to have spent fixing my system.Norton is probably the premier choice when it comes to anti-virus software . I 've experimented with others and find this company to offer the best and most easy to use system . 2003 is not too different from 2002 as everything is basically the same . The layout menu has slightly changed -LRB- more so in color -RRB- , but everything is the same . Newer virus definitions have been added and the update feature is easy to use and navigate . Norton makes their software easy to configure unlike their competitors which I find handy especially when I want to tell the system what I want it to do instead of the software telling me what to do . You ca n't go wrong with Norton !
 My dad bought Norton and installed it . It immediately detected a virus and informed us . We found sixty viruses !
 This remains the best Anti-Virus software on the market . Regretably , it offers little more than 2002 . Other than scanning IM from AOL or MSN , the program remains essentially the same . Fortunately , it was a good program in 2002 and remains a good program in 2003 . I upgraded although probably should not have done it . It integrated with my 2002 System Works , although you need to delete all existing applications from Norton , including live-update , for a clean installation of your new program . Then go back and load your older stuff . This is the secret to less headache . This is particularly true of Windows 98 OS . The XP OS provides a clean install without the hassle on 2003 Antivirus with 2002 Norton System Works . It might be the same hassle had I elected to upgrade to 2003 System Works . With the minor improvements , I do not intend on finding out . My advice is to pay the subscription update cost and wait for 2004 .
 I installed this and it works flawlessly . I had previously purchased McAfee 's anti-virus software and it froze my system -LRB- see the one-star review I wrote for that one -RRB- . I originally installed this on my Win98 platform with no problems , and continue to have no problems now that I have upgraded my system to XP . This has saved me from having several damaging viruses downloaded .
 True , it 's a minor upgrade from 2002 , so if you have 2002 stick with it . But when compared with McAfee or AVG this one wins out on all accounts . We use it in an office setting of 25 computers and it 's painless to support ; that is the users do n't ever have to mess with it , everything can be configured to run in the background.I 'm not sure why others have reported problems with the install - especially `` crashing the hard drive '' - sounds like ignorant nonsense to me . After dozens of installs this product works like a champ.The frequent updates to the virus definition database is great . We literally get dozens on viruses e-mailed to our system on a DAILY basis and Norton has caught them all - and without the user having to do a thing.Bottom line
 I just finished downloading the 2003 anti-virus and internet security software . Nightmare ! I am pretty good at this stuff , but after three downloads to get it to my computer , three hours to follow instructions to fix my Registry that got messed-up , I am a little unhappy . Now I find I am being charged three times on my credit card ! On the phone I was directed to the Refund page , which of course will not refund the two extra charges . Back to phone they are going to MAIL me a refund form ! I must say I have no problem with the anti-virus 2002 , in fact I find its the best on the market , but their web site for problem solving is to say the least awful .
 I 've used all the anti-virus programs , and Norton continues to be the best for the average home user . The 2003 version is unique in that is scans your OUTgoing email , so you -LRB- or a nasty virus -RRB- do n't pass on a virus to anyone else . It works fine with Win98 and WinXP . If you want to use it on TWO computers , make sure you get the Professional version , which includes 2 user licenses .
 After reading some of the reviews others wrote on this product , I was hesitant to order it , so I checked with someone I trust that knows a lot about computers & software , and he recommended Norton over other anti-virus software products . I run Win98 Second Edition . Before the install , I scanned and defragged both my hard drives , and created `` emergency '' discs . I used the Norton CD from my CD Rom drive , and followed the install instructions line by line . I 'm definitely not real knowledgeable about computers & software , but the installation went very smoothly . Then , I went online & updated the virus definitions and did a full virus scan with no problems . The scan took 281/2 minutes to cover a total of over 80,000 files on my c
 I recently upgraded from Norton Antivirus 2001 to NAV 2003 . Installation was quick and flawless . I followed the easy , illustrated steps given on pp 22 to 29 of the manual . I look forward to the same excellent `` install and forget about it '' protection I received from NAV 2001 .
 I have had other virus protection on my computer and was very unhappy with it . I just went out and purchased another Norton as I had previously had Norton on another computer and was well pleased with it . For my money , nothing beats Norton .
 Upgraded from the 2002 version preinstalled by Compaq -- no problems with install and operation , but that 's what I expected from this product . I 've been using one version or another of NAV for over five years , never had a virus give me any problems .
 This product is very easy to use if u know how to use a computer this product is 1 of the best there is it is a great virus protector !!
 I heard some horror stories about ` Norton Anti-Virus ' , and I 've noticed some problems with my ` Norton Firewall 2003 ' . I 'm assuming theirs a glitch in the ` Scanning E-Mail ' -LRB- Norton Anti-Virus 2002 -RRB- , it seems to turn off my ` Norton Firewall 2003 ' , -LRB- 1 -RRB- security -LRB- turned off -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- Personal Firewall -LRB- disabled -RRB- , -LRB- 3 -RRB- Intrusion Detection -LRB- disabled -RRB- , -LRB- 4 -RRB- Privacy Control -LRB- disabled -RRB- , -LRB- 5 -RRB- Ad Blocking -LRB- disabled -RRB- ... . I 'm assuming my anti-virus is shuting down my ` firewall ' , the problem is n't major , can easly be corrected by turning off/on computer , everything ok again . The problem that concerns me is about buying other software and hoping that the software is n't interpreted as a major virus , I heard things like that happening . When I see my ` firewall ' click off , I reconsider buying ` computer maintanance software ' because of ` norton 's touchy software . In truth I would only recommend ` nortons firewall and anti-virus ' , but anything else of theirs is questionable . Heard major complaints about their ` utilities ' , ` clean sweep ' , ` ghost ' , and Ect .
 I 've owned the last several versions of Norton SystemWorks -LRB- currently running version 2003 -RRB- , all of which incorporate Norton AntiVirus . I do n't have do to a thing to feel secure because it 's set to run constantly in the background , protecting me everywhere I go on the Internet -LRB- I do a * lot * of surfing -RRB- ; and it auto-scans all incoming/outgoing mail -- everything ! In six years ' use of this software , never has the slightest trace of a virus or worm gotten through into my system . All of Norton 's software silently auto-updates itself so I do n't have to worry about forgetting new virus patches . As an additional precaution , Norton sends special email warnings every time there 's a controversial worm going around -LRB- which I like to forward to friends/relatives who * are n't * so secure about their virus protection -RRB- . You always hear how * somebody 's * system crashes from * whatever * type of software , and it 's sad that the one out of countless successes should attempt to sour such a good thing for so many others . With any software , you need to stay current with update patches , and I find it 's often someone unregistered , so not entitled to updates , that experiences system crashes . This can not be blamed on the software . I 've never had a single problem with any Norton software . I 've built and reconfigured numerous systems , from Windows 95 to XP . I would n't be without Norton software -- it 's saved me hundreds of hours of work and has secured my system innumerable times !
 Due to the fact that virus notifications come like clockwork these days , the update to 2003 felt like a good idea to us . I do like the updated graphic user interface features as well as the IM scans . Something which my wife and I use everyday -LRB- work and personal -RRB- . If this is your first year with Norton , you 'll take a price hit , but next year it 'll be cheaper -LRB- save your receipt -RRB- . If you already have one then you know that this purchase is already a great saving ! Do n't miss this , the money spent now will save you a HUGE headache later . Take it from someone who 's been through this !
 I prefer the SystemWorks Suite , containing Norton AntiVirus . Go Back is the finest piece of software that Norton has ever offered -LRB- actually written by Roxio -RRB- . It should be part of the Windows operating system -LRB- we use Win 200 Pro -RRB- . It has saved thousands of dollars in lost time by bringing a crashed operating system back to a system state that was present before the crash . It is an amazing piece of software and works flawlessly .
 I wrote earlier of the problems I was having with Norton Antivirus 2003 and I was having a lot of problems all associated with Norton . I noticed as I read other reviews no one said anything they did to solve their problem . So this is what I did & hope it will help someone else . First , I reformatted my hard drive , then upgraded from Windows 98 to Windows 2000 professional . Next I got DSL , my son 's suggestion . Guess what ?? I am having no more problems . Have my fingers crossed & am back on my computer .
 Im very surprised on how people can not install this people who have never used computers can install this i have never had anyproblems with norton .
 No problems with installation on my 2 year old Dell P3 , it was a seamless upgrade from NAV 2002 . I like the new , smaller outgoing e-mail scan screen . The important thing is that it catches everything , even when using a cable modem and Outlook Express . I 've never had a problem through five years of NAV , so I ca n't comment on support as I 've never needed it . With the great rebates at Amazon.com , it 's almost free ! Great product , great price and the usual great service from Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- .
 Una vez se instala un virus en el computador este toma diversas formas , cambiando de nombre y de extensi&oacute;n o utilizando nombres comunes como presupuesto.xls , contabilidad.xls , etc , por lo que de las vacunas y antivirus que he probado , norton es el mas efectivo .
 best/no .1 brand in antivirus software . Most trusted .
 Some reviewers have reported issues on installing this software . It would enhance the value of these reviews to the reader if you would name the operating system with which these issues occur .
 For anyone who values their investments in electronics and who also spends a fair amount of time on the Internet , you MUST have some sort of antivirus protection . That is a universal fact . Another fact is that Norton is the premiere company for antivirus software and I would highly recommend them to anyone . However , it is not essential that you get Norton 2003 . Norton 2002 now costs at least half as much , and delivers the same features -LRB- minus of course , a few - which are all inconsequential -RRB- . If you can , find last year 's version and buy that . Update it frequently and it will be worth not buying this newer version .
 NAV is a solid product . In case the updater does not work , try the following . Reinstall live update -LRB- lusetup.exe -RRB- . Nothing gets past NAV . This is the reason you are buying the product , so this should be your biggest consideration . Use the automatic updating and set the scheduler to automatically scan your whole computer.I do not think it is unreasonable for Symantec to charge for subscription renewal after one year . Consider that there are many engineers working full time to keep up with the constant supply of new viruses that appear . The amount of research that goes into the updates can not be compared with other types of software .
 Ask anyone who has a clue and they will tell you that Norton is the best Anti-virus software available . I have 4 computers on my home network . 3 of my computers run Norton and one has Macafee 's product . While I have had no problems with either product I prefer the Norton product . First time buyer ? Buy both ! That will allow you to meet the requirements for both upgrade rebates and let you have both for next to nothing . Run this with the free version of ZoneAlarm firewall and feel at ease .
 Symantec 's support is non-existent and its renewal process is invasive and as far as I can tell , unremovable . Unbelievably poor support . Peter Norton must be appalled . So while the program is good enough , the annoyance far outweighs the benefit . Daily reminders can not be avoided . Send your money to a company that wants to be of service . It is n't Symantec .
 Easy and Simple Installation on my Win2K machine - caught all the recent viruses - Live Updates runs transparently behind the scenes . You need a Anit-Virus if you or your children are downloading files or opening email attachments.Has already nabbed about 3 viruses - 2 of which were trojan horses - viruses that open a backdoor to your machine . . allowing hackers to do what they want on your machine.Anti Virus Software is a MUST in this day and age .
 I used to be a big supporter of McAfee 's products until I had horrendous installation problems with one of their anti-virus upgrades - and their tech support eventually gave up after many conversations . I switched to Norton and have been completely satisfied and have stayed with Norton with this new 2003 version . This version is the best and offers great anti-virus protection . No installation problems at all . I highly recommend this product - I also use Norton 's Personal Firewall with this product and both work wonderfully well together .
 The Norton Antivirus is good virus protection software . I previously had Norton Antivirus 2002 , and 2003 is a great improvement over it . The 2003 version automatically scans for updates , whereas the 2002 popped up to let you know updates were available , but you had to do several things to prompt it to check for updates . This can be set to do a total scan for viruses automatically once a week . This is an easy , convenient choice for antivirus protection on your computer .
 I had ton of viruses on my PC and after buying this , I had no virus whatsoever . It does a good job . Be sure to do a virus scan every week .
 I had ton of viruses on my computer and when I got this had no virus whatsoever . I do a virus scan once a week . I suggest you get this for your computer .
 Received the product in a timely fashion and it was exactly as promoted . Installed and registered fine .
 Very succinctly , as an older student studying computers and commencing a third career , the Norton Anti-Virus Software Program is absolutely mandatory , and I recommend that nobody hesitate to purchase and install same as soon as possible and without hesitation . Thank you .
 I had no problems with installation , and no viruses were found , but after installation the computer repeatedly started dialup networking , clicking cancel just brought up a new box . -LRB- just a little scary considering some of the worms floating around -RRB- I eventually found the solution on the symantec website . Over all I am happy with the product .
 This is an excellent anti-virus software ! I love the LiveUpdate feature , which keeps you up to date on current viruses . Your PC or laptop will thank you for it !
 I have yet to become infected with a virus over the years I 've used Norton Antivirus products . It intercepts ATTEMPTED virus transmissions very frequently . Highly recommended software !
 I 'd had nothing but trouble using McAfee 's Antivirus programs , so I decided to try Norton 2003 on my PC running Windows XP . You have to carefully install this according to the instructions , and once installed , it loads quickly and automatically downloads the latest . dat files when they are available . Compared to McAfee , this is a godsend .
 Again the best . Does what it says and does it right . Not a lot of bells and whistles , but I am not paying for pretty , I 'm paying for results . It does n't get in the way . I forget it 's running , but it reminds me when it grabs a virus , etc. . Been using it since the early years . That 's it plain and simple .
 I have always said `` The worst virus of all is anti-virus software '' which historically was true until I purchased this program . I had some evil `` pinf '' virus or something on my laptop so had to purchase this software in March 2003 for WinXP.Fortunately , this 2003 version installed fine and works completely IN THE BACKGROUND and is a godsend . I know people love to trash Symantec but this software works exactly as I wanted it to . I just purchased Systemworks 2004 Pro and fear for my friggin ' life after reading the reviews of it on Amazon/PC World , but it has Norton Ghost , which I need.See , my family and friends keep destroying their systems because they surf the net unprotected -LRB- no glove , no love -RRB- . Their systems fill up with worms , viruses , malware , adware , and trojans to name a few . I 'm totally tired of having to drive to their houses , unplug their heavy PCs , and cart them back to my house to rewipe the drive and re-install everything that should be on there -LRB- ZoneAlarm , Spybot SD , Norton , yada yada -RRB- . It 's getting tremendously OLD . So it seems Ghost might solve this problem . I just wish I could keep Norton 2003 and not overwrite it with a heavily-badmouthed Systemworks 2004 Pro install . .
 This software was already installed on my computer , and I have to say that Norton is a lot better than McAfee . I had nothing but problems with McAfee , but with Norton there has n't been a problem . Here are some of the problems that I had with McAfee :1 . -RRB- Would n't load when I would start the computer up2 . -RRB- Never provided me with the protection that I needed for my computer3 . -RRB- Incrediably slowNorton is easy to use and actually works . So if you want a product that works and is easy to use and that actually loads when you start up your computer , and that actually protects your computer , then buy this product . If you want your computer to freeze , spend hours trying to get McAfee to work , then buy their product . I have to say that I will never buy a McAfee product again , Norton gets my money from now on .
 Fast acting company . Got the product sooner than what was expected . They are tops in my book .
 Norton has been on top of McAfee for years , and remains # 1 in the home desktop setting . Good integration with WinXP , Win2k as well as Win98SE . Sets itself up as one would expect , and does the rest for you . If you do n't want to pound your drive weekly , just change the frequency of the full disk scan . No worries about having the latest definitions , as they upload automatically -LRB- which you can schedule as well -RRB- . A well put together product , that has time and time again , nailed every virus infected attachment that has come my way over the past 5 years .
 I swithced to norton anti-virus when it came bundled with the last computer I bought 3 years ago . I liked it much better than McAffe . I have never had problems getting the virus updates like I use to with McAffe.I upgraded to the 2003 version about a month ago and love the automatic updates .
 Everyone needs an anti-virus program for their PC . I 've used Norton 's program for several years.Easy to install & update.Inmy opinion , there 's nothing better on todays market .
 I 've been using Norton Antivirus since the early - to mid-90s and it has improved greatly in all those years . It really is a VERY good antivirus program , and although I have rarely had a virus for it to catch , the couple of times I did , it did!But any program that dwells deep in your system like this one is vulnerable to software quirks . NAV has always been a chancy install , at least for me , and my installation of 2003 today was no different.Nowadays you can just install it without scouring out the previous version . This is an improvement , but beware . The automatic installation process leaves the corpse of the previous version lying dead on your system , taking up space . Because I was not aware that the new version would not completely uninstall the old one -LRB- as it claims it will in the manual -RRB- , I now have around six or seven NAV-type folders full of files , but no idea which are the new ones and which are the old ones . An email to NAV support has asked for a list of 2003 folders.Another issue
 As I read all the negative reviews of this program , I can not comprehend why so many people are having a problem with such a superior product . After using Norton products for years , I tried a different product and was totally disappointed . I 'm back with Norton and staying with them . As a publisher I get lots of e-mail ... but never a virus . Buy this product and keep on buying it !
 The only difference from 2002 version is an updated GUI and the ability to scan IM attachments . I do not think this is worth the upgrade , but you can get it for 10 bucks if you already had the old version.This is still the best antivirus solution
 I just bought a copy of NAV 2003 & was looking forward to installing it ... until I read the many negative reviews on this website!I was rather nervous as I inserted the CD into my computer . -LRB- BTW , I have a DELL 4400 that is a little over a year old , Windows XP Pro , 256MB DDR & a 1.8 GHz proc , & an OEM version of NAV 2002 -RRB- . It recognized immediately that I had a previous version of NAV , & said it would do the uninstall & then install the 2003 version.It took about 10 minutes & rebooted . Then , I did a full system scan with NAV , rebooted again , & -LRB- whew ! -RRB- everything is fine . My IE still works , my email still works , no system slow down whatsoever.SO ... so far , I am a satified customer !
 I 've never had any problems with Norton software . It works great ! I 'll never go back to MacAfee . Their support is terrible . Their software caused numerous problems with my PC , and they were rude on the phone and suggested I contact Microsoft for support . The problem was related strictly to MacAfee products , but they did not care in the least . After re-installing windows and removing every trace of MacAfee software from my system , the problem was resolved . I changed to Norton and life has been great . Norton has never caused any problems with my computer , is very user friendly , and is an excellent resource for virus information .
 I was really quite amazed by the other reviews . I recently decided to move from Linux to Windows XP -LRB- easier to network for a medium range computer geek like me -RRB- and no sooner had I installed it on my former Linux box than I got a suspicious looking email . I went to Amazon.com and downloaded NAV 2003 . It downloaded easily , installed flawlessly and immediately detected the klez .32 virus on my machine.One of the other two computers on my home network runs NAV 2002 . I think both are fine but NAV 2003 seems faster when scanning outgoing e-mails .
 I really ca n't understand all the negative complaints I 've seen so far . Maybe it 's because I have none . I had no trouble installing it on my new Windows XP system . It has stopped every virus that has tried to get in through my e-mail in Outlook so far . I seen talk of it shutting down firewalls . I use Zone Alarm . NAV has n't even touched it . I 've also seen grumbling about paying to update at the end of a year . I bought a subscription to my last NAV product -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and it was only $ 9.95 / yr . You are not paying for a new program , just the right to keep being able to download the new viurs updates . You know thoses just do n't magically appear . Someone gets paaid to code them . Keep that in mind . I 've owned mamy Norton products over the years -LRB- too many to count ! -RRB- and I 'd recommend them to anyone who wants to use an industry standard .
 I used to get and SEND virus 's all the time when I had McAfee Virus Scan . I was making lots of enemies . Then I bought Norton and never had another problem ! I am not interested in learning all about the technical stuff , but this software scans everything coming in and quarantines ANY virus and scans outgoing mail as well , so you can be sure that what you send is clean as well . -LRB- Sometimes you can still send an old hidden virus from your hard drive - unlikely , but possible -RRB- . PLUS , Norton automatically upgrades your system while you are on-line . Norton shows a little icon so you know while you are on-line that it is giving you the latest protection . Then it tells you and you just hit OK!Also , you can improve the speed of your hard drive by having Norton erase worthless files , repeated files , or cookies . You can also defragment quicker with Norton for faster performance . I am living evidence that it is idiot proof !
 Key Features from Symantec : Includes license for two computers.Data recovery protects and restores important applications and files from both accidental deletion and virus damage.Data cleaning eliminates all traces of unneeded confidential files.Plus all the features of Norton AntiVirus 2003 , including : NEW ! Detects and blocks viruses in instant message attachments.NEW ! Exclusive Worm Blocking technology detects worms such as Nimda in outgoing mail to prevent them from infecting other computers.ENHANCED ! Automatically removes viruses , worms , and Trojan horses.Scans and cleans both incoming and outgoing email messages.Downloads new virus definitions automatically to protect against new viruses . ** Script Blocking defends against fast-moving script-based viruses such as `` ILoveYou '' and `` Anna Kournikova . `` Worm Blocking and Script Blocking can detect new threats even before virus definitions are created for them.Includes step by step instructions for installation , even on a computer that has already been infected.AntiVirus 2003 Professional Edition is essentially the normal 2003 version with extra file delete/undelete functions and a two system license . If you have more than one PC to protect this is the way to go . I would suggest going to Symantec 's website and downloading the trialware version of 2003 Professional first to make sure it runs alright on your specific hardware/software combo . I downloaded the 15 day trial but it gave me a one year subscription to live updates . Search for trialware and download it from them . Hard to tell the difference from the 2002 interface . Program has been working well for me for 3 weeks now . I have it installed on a HP PIII WIN-XP , E-Machines Celeron WIN-XP , and Sony P4 WIN-XP systems without any problems .
 I 've experimented with others and find this company to offer the best and most easy to use system . 2003 is not too different from 2002 as everything is basically the same . The layout menu has slightly changed -LRB- more so in color -RRB- , but everything is the same . Newer virus definitions have been added and the update feature is easy to use and navigate . Norton makes their software easy to configure unlike their competitors which I find handy especially when I want to tell the system what I want it to do instead of the software telling me what to do . You ca n't go wrong with Norton !
 In the begining there was computer , then young men and women whom IQ 's averaged above 200 decided that they wanted to be a pain in the ... to everyone who owned a CPU . and then there was norton antivirus and it was good.My computer had become basically a 2000 $ paper weight until norton arrived . It is a little difficult to install -LRB- especially if you already have a virus -RRB- but after hours of proving my geekdom to my computer Norton prevailed.My computer has never run smoother-period ! and talk about installation ? FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS IMPLICITLY ! or else you will end up like me and have to restart your computer about 50 times . RUN a complete scan and all is well . IN review I installed this software after finishing a bottle of glenlivet , if I can do it so can you.Bottom line it works , it works amazingly well and worth every penny you can spend.Run a full system test at least twice a week , it takes about an hour but is well worth it when the software removes the virus and fixes the infected files.I paid $ $ $ for it and it saved me 2000 $ . thank you norton .
 Well i use mcafee for severl years in the past , but wen i upgrade to Win XP i ca n't use macafee any more , then i start with nav 2002 but now i am using the NAV 2003 PRO and i have to say is great it works without a problem , it in combination with zonealarm 3.5 and the windows XP real give a great worke station ...
 I just got NAV 2003 Pro. , It is awsome , I had a few problems at the beginning because when I tried to install it , it would n't let me , but then I found out a had a couple of viruses that effected it . It was the worm yaha.k , which does n't let you use any anti-virus program . So then I went to there site , and downloaded a tool that deleted all my viruses for me . After that I had no problem at all . I scanned my computer , and was virus free . I love this product . You should buy it . Because you could get viruses by just clicking a link , So you always should be prepared . Its better to spend like $ ... , then to purchase a whole new computer . Im telling you , if you get a virus , in less then a month , your computer starts to get slower and error signs appear , dont go through the hassle , Just buy it .
 I have used the 2000 version and the 2003 version and it is better than ever . I have a teenager who instant messages people and downloads music from -LSB- the internet -RSB- and it 's spins off . The 2003 catches these viruses that are sent through music downloads and instant messages unlike the 2000 version . Also what I like is it STAYS in the background .
 I work in a large corprate invornment where viruses really go wild if they break loose.We had always used McAfee up untill a few months ago , and I though that did a pretty good job . Needless to say when the corprate mandate to switch to Symantec came down I was a bit dismayed.But not anymore . Symentec has been schooling McAfee ever since we installed it .1 - It finds viruses on machines that HAD McAfee running . Seemingly totaly up to date McAfee let viruses get by on some systems . It does a very good job of catching new infections .2 - We are using the corporate edition . The way that Symantec works to install , update , and monitor on a large number of machines works tons better and easier than McAfee did .3 - It seems to work better on older machines without lagging out the system as much as McAfee did .4 - It seems to monitor all network activity in and out of the machines without slowing down that netowork interaction as much as McAfee did.I recomend this product to anyone .
 The product is great ... but ... I purchased a couple copies of NAV2003 Pro , and about six copies of NAV2003 . I only got one of my rebates on one of the products . Expect not to get the rebates
 You may not believe me but McAfee VirusScan Online is the worst AntiVirus solution ever ! I bought it and I always kept VirusScan Online up to date and it detected 3 viruses in 6 months . I uninstalled it and I installed Norton AntiVirus 2003 Professional Edition and I scanned my hard drive and it detected 83 infected files ! ... . Stay up to date with Live Update from Norton . Stay old and vulnerable with McAfee ! ... Why would I lie ? No questions asked !
 I do n't get how anyone could have a problem with Norton products . I got my first laptop -LRB- first computer period -RRB- last year at Best Buy , the computer expert there recommended Norton Anti Virus 2002 . He installed it on my laptop no problem , I took it home , although not knowing much of anything about computers managed to work it just fine . A few days ago I decided to purchase the Norton Anti Virus 2003 Professional Edition along with the Norton Personal Firewall from Best Buy online . Although I already purchased the products I decided to see how they rate on Amazon.com , since Norton has rated # 1 with me I was suprised at the bad reviews.After reading them I was worried that I had made a mistake in my purchase , today my package came in the mail and since so many people have had problems installing I figured I would take it to Best Buy for installation . But being the impatient person I am I decided to just go ahead and do it myself , and I am glad I did ! It was so easy to install a two year could do it ! Which leaves me wondering about all these people who have had so many problems with it . I of course uninstalled Norton Anti virus 2002 -LRB- although I did n't have to cause Norton could have done it for me -RRB- After the installation it downloaded the live updates and I ran a full system scan , everything works fine . Which leads me to the conclusion that a lot of you either have n't properly checked your system requirements before buying , your system is too old , or you are infected with a virus or problem that prevets you from installing it properly . My advice is to go to Best Buy and have them install it for you or teach you how .
 It worked great and served its purpose when I was using it . I did not renew or update it after my computer died .
 I installed Norton AntiVirus 2003 Pro in about 5 minutes on my Windows XP computer . Works great just like the 2002 version , and looks like it uses a lot less RAM than McAfee . Not sure why others have experienced corruption and other difficulties . I have never had any trouble with Norton AntiVirus ...
 I ran McAfee on my computers for about 5 years . As time went by and they kept up-grading their programs , my computers had a harder time running the programs until finally , I had to give up and take it to the repair shop . Even the repair shop had a hard time getting McAfee to run on my computer which is a Compaq 5700T . It kept crashing my computer and causing all kinds of problems . Then on the last upgrade , I could either run the Virus Scan program or the Firewall but not both . I said `` that 's it '' ... I bought SystemWorks and everything runs beautifully . No problems and it does what it 's supposed to . I love it . Dixie Negless
 I have been a Norton user since Win 3.1 was the ` in ' operating system to use.Of course you would have to expect that when initially installing Norton all the ` bells and whistles ' would be in the ` on ' position.This is where many of the users , ` reviewers ' find fault . If you would take the time to adjust a few settings or preferences , you would find Norton will only ` pop-up ' if you tell it to.I tend to forget that Norton is in my system tray until I need to use it to defrag or scan my hard drive for viruses , which it does very well.Norton also has a web site that gives you detailed information on almost any problem that might occur . They are a very helpful company.I use Norton alongside Zone Alarm . They work well together . Most people find Zone Alarm too complicated to use . Not so ... I say . When you first install it , it walks you through the setup . After the inital setup and a couple more tweaks , you forget it is there . No pop-ups for this program either unless you tell it to do so.Norton 's all-in-one preventive maintenance idea is the only one I will use . I have tried all the other name brand programs at one time or another and kept coming back to Norton.Do I have any cons for Norton ? Yes , it needs a more detailed web clean-up and tweaking feature . I like adjusting preferences to fit my needs and there could be more of it on the web preferences .
 After reading some of these reviews , I was apprehensive about buying and using this product . But no longer . After installing on 4 different -LRB- Compaq , HP , Packard Bell , FIC ; with variants from 133-500MHz , 128-384M RAM , 4-40G HD ; P3 , K6 , 586 , Celeron -RRB- computers , I have had zero problems . All were running ME OS -LRB- ca n't afford the XP one sytem limit -RRB- , two were new installs , and two used Ghost to upgrade to bigger HDs . Norton AV 2001 was removed from the two upgrades before NSW 2003 install , using uninstall and Explorer cleanup -LRB- no registry tricks -RRB- . The whole NSW package was installed on each computer . All the NSW utilities ran great without any excitement , just clean results . Many problems were fixed in registry , short cuts , defrag , and speed disk . All with good results .
 I have used Norton 's products for years ... Besides the great antivirus protection that you will get with Norton Anti-virus -LRB- which is worth the price alone and is included in the Systemworks suite -RRB- , you will get a lot of other utilities that are indispensable to having a healthy computer.In other words Norton has saved-my-hindparts on more than one occasion . I am upgrading to Win XP Pro from Win 98 now so I am also upgrading to SystemWorks 2003 from SystemWorks 2001 .
 I have used Norton 's products for years ... Besides the great antivirus protection that you will get with Norton Anti-virus -LRB- which is worth the price alone and is included in the Systemworks suite -RRB- , you will get a lot of other utilities that are indispensable to having a healthy computer.In other words Norton has saved-my-hindparts on more than one occasion . I am upgrading to Win XP Pro from Win 98 now so I am also upgrading to SystemWorks 2003 from SystemWorks 2001 .
 If you have never used Norton Systemworks and you are using any Windows operating system , before you finish reading this sentence click the `` Add to Shopping Cart '' button . This is the best utility around for fixing Windows problems and keeping your computer running smoothly . The package includes Norton Utilities , Norton Antivirus and Norton Cleansweep . I use all three every week . They are an indespensible combination of applications.If you have NSW 2002 , this version really does n't provide all that much that is new . The most noticeable change other than a change in the interface color scheme is a new utility for removing web content such as history , cache and cookies . While Cleansweep already does this , the new utility allows you to view each item individually so you can pick the ones you want to delete . It organizes the content two different ways
 OK , overall this product is good , but it is n't great . Why ? Well , I 'm currently a Windows 2000 user and was excited by the fact that they are finally offering Norton Utilities for an NT environment after 2 years or so . It was a gift to finally have a good defragmenter and registry cleaner forthe NT environment . So , it was a great that SystemWorks was able to bundle both of them for a cheaper price in one package.Norton AntiVirus is a fast and reliable antivirus utility . That was a second reason why I bought this product . Before , I was using McAfee VirusScan 4.5 and these MCSHIELD.EXE crashes would stall my system at times and it got very frustrating . On top of that , VirusScan slowed down my reads to files , which was the last straw . If I did n't know any better , it was scanning the whole file bit by bit and then some -LRB- maybe logging -RRB- . Anyway , Norton AntiVirus is one of the best , even though it has gotten bigger over the years -LRB- well , think of it this way , virus 's have been nastier over the last few years , which would justify all the technologies that were integrated -RRB- . Now , the only bad product in the package , Norton CleanSweep . If that was one of the primary reasons why you bought the software , you may be disappointed . I have n't found many uses with CleanSweep , and , at times , it seems that when I go to one of it 's `` utilities '' , it seems to read heavily from my hard disk for minutes . Some utilities in there are just plain dangerous if you feel like you need to find something to do with this -LRB- like turning off CleanSweep Security.One more note , the fact that WinFax Basic and Ghost should n't factor into this product , like some earlier reviews . Some basic users would n't need these products , like me , and would be better off it they were packaged separately -LRB- like SystemWorks Pro -RRB- . Overall , Norton AntiVirus and Utilities are the best in the business . These should be the focus of your purchase . The reason why I gave 4 stars is because of CleanSweep . CleanSweep fell in expectations , and since it 's supposed to be a `` feature '' of this product , I ca n't give this product a perfect score .
 Having read all the bad reviews about the 2004 version , I can only say that the 2003 version is the best investment I have made to save me endless hours of computer problems . Great product . I have recently purchased a new subscription from Symantec . I have all the updated virus protection and have just switched from Windows 98 to Windows XP with no problems .
 As far as price , you can not beat the deal on this product after rebates -LRB- it actually costs less than renewing the antivirus subscription -RRB- . Symantec is simply being competitive ; it 's up to the consumer to find the best deal.For anyone who has the foresight and takes the time to do the research , Symantec has two articles in the tech support area of their web site
 Purchased before Christmas for very little after rebate in anticipation of virus definitons expiration.Uninstalled NSW 2002 , installed NSW 2003 no problems installing but auto protect and e-mail scanning would n't start . Went to knowledge base it told me two programs which were probably not starting.It was my fault since Winstart Commander would n't let them start . Modified Winstart and everything is fine since.I have some version of NAV on three different machines and have never experienced any of the problems I read about on each of the products reviews . If I did I 'm sure I would vent my frustration and move on to another product .
 This is a very good product from a leader in antivirus software , Norton . The Systemworks package contains not only a very efficient antivirus program , but a lot of maintenance software to keep your computer `` tuned '' and operating efficiently.The only reason that I rate it a 4 instead of 5 is because of the e-mail scanning feature . If your ISP has e-mail scanning -LRB- most do -RRB- , you will have to disable the Norton scanning feature . If you do n't , you may not be able to receive mail . I talked to the people at Norton about this and they said the same thing . There is nothing wrong with the software , as it works great . The scanning feature just wo n't run in conjunction with some of the ISP scanning features . Your computer only needs one to operate !
 1 . As PC mag stated , this version make little difference with 2002 version . Upgrade it ONLY if you get an absolute great deal .2 . SystemWorks usually run well in my Win2K & WinXP system ... When I installed it to Win 98 w / 64Mb RAM ... it 's still work , but forget the performance talk ... 3 . While doing check up , it report the -LRB- Active X -RRB- problem and did the fixing bt itself . Then I re-checked it , the same problem stayed ... maybe bug inside ? Beside this , everything ok .4 . Follow your rebates carefully ... Norton rebates handling is bad .5 . You got to have such system utilities programs on hand just in case . One is enough , just pick your choice .6 . Overall Norton have a stable record not crash my system and need me to reformat my harddisk , so I still bear with it .7 . Better set the LiveUpdate to automatic -LRB- if you have Boardband -RRB- and save some time for yourself .
 NSW is my first and last system checkup utility . I especially like the registry cleaner , which I have used on at least 15 systems and counting . And the defrag utility is definitely on of the better ones . - AndrewZ
 What on earth is supposed to be wrong with this excellent product ? I suspect that the people giving it bad reviews are simply incompetant or suffer from the age old ' I know better than the software ' delusion.Simply put this is an excellent product that is a must for any computer . The ` one click ' checkup is a little misleading because you need to click a second time to fix errors . A pity as I 'd like to click and forget about it . Having said that I 'll take effectiveness over convenience any day of the week.The defrag tool is a must for anyone who runs W98 and gets tired of having to run in safe mode for it to complete and did I mention that I de-fragged my 40 and 120Gb drives in under an hour ? Windows would have taken all night.Overall , an excellent product . I can only wonder why they do n't bundle it with Norton 's Firewall . Nevertheless - well worth ... anyones money . My PC now performs as if it 's got an extra 512Meg of PC2100 in it !
 This is the first time I 've installed NSW on this computer , so I did n't have the problems upgrading the product that many people do . The installation , for me at least , was smooth and flawless . I ran all of the programs after installation , and SW spent a good deal of time cleaning up my computer . Since then it has run much better , and for that I am grateful.I am not an advanced user , but I have noticed a positive difference in the way my computer runs . For a while , the computer was crashing often , and NSW has made the crashes less frequent -LRB- though it still DOES occasionally happen -RRB- . Overall , I recommend this product , especially if you 're a computer novice and do n't want to take the time to manually fix stuff on your system .
 Norton Systemworks has been with me since Symantec grouped Norton 's products together . I was always looking for a package that would incorporate all the useful maintenance tools necessary for keeping my sytems working.Norton Systemworls 2003 is the latest of the versions released . It is faster than the previous versions , especially its `` One Button Checkup . '' The scheduler is set to run through our sytems at a preset time without disturbing our daily routine . The result is a well functioning computer at all times . The virus checker is and always has been very effective . It not only identifies the threatening virus , but never has a problem wiping it out of the computer.CleanSweep has been greatly improved . It was a slow and sometimes not-too-reliable utility . In this version , it is fast , effective and thorough . Erase too much ? It is accurate in its recovery . In the One Button Checkup , CleanSweep effectively cleans up the hard disk , removing phantoms and freeing up fragmented disk space.I was skeptical of whether to update Systemworks from 2002 , but now I 'm glad I did ... it is a much better version .
 Between networked office computers , home computers , handheld and websites , who can afford to be compromised . This program makes me feel safer than most . Automatically updates virus protection , automatically scans and fixes viruses or quarantines them if necessary . It will even send an infected message you must have to the hospital for treatment and return it to you when they have figured out how to clean it up . Easily has caught 35 viruses already . Win Doctor finds minor disc errors before they become a problem , when something seems glitchy , I just scan and it automatically corrects issues . By the time you apply all the discounts , it 's the best ... you can spend and you can install it on your multiple computers . Even sent one to mom for Christmas too .
 Others have complained about their system slowing down when the full set of utilities is installed . This is to be expected considering that the antivirus and other programs are running in the background scanning incoming and outgoing files . Office slows down upon loading documents especially . However , you can turn off the office document protection feature and documents load quickly . There is a lot of flexibility in running certain features and turning off others if system performance is an issue . It 's simply a matter of changing your software options.I have found the registry cleaning and disk cleaning utilities very useful . I typically only use the antivirus if I suspect a problem or feel suspicious about something . Ghost is an excellent product if you are upgrading your hard-drive and do n't want to have to re-install everything . Saves a lot of time and works well .
 I have been a Norton user since Win 3.1 was the ` in ' operating system to use.Of course you would have to expect that when initially installing Norton all the ` bells and whistles ' would be in the ` on ' position.This is where many of the users , ` reviewers ' find fault . If you would take the time to adjust a few settings or preferences , you would find Norton will only ` pop-up ' if you tell it to.I tend to forget that Norton is in my system tray until I need to use it to defrag or scan my hard drive for viruses , which it does very well.Norton also has a web site that gives you detailed information on almost any problem that might occur . They are a very helpful company.I use Norton alongside Zone Alarm . They work well together . Most people find Zone Alarm too complicated to use . Not so ... I say . When you first install it , it walks you through the setup . After the inital setup and a couple more tweaks , you forget it is there . No pop-ups for this program either unless you tell it to do so.Norton 's all-in-one preventive maintenance idea is the only one I will use . I have tried all the other name brand programs at one time or another and kept coming back to Norton.Do I have any cons for Norton ? Yes , it needs a more detailed web clean-up and tweaking feature . I like adjusting preferences to fit my needs and there could be more of it on the web preferences .
 Norton SW is a fine suite that takes care of all the things on you PC you need taken care of , but do n't know exactly what to do . For the novice
 I have used the Norton System Works on my new Dell since purchase a year ago & am very pleased with it 's performance . I find it 's much easier to check disks , defragment the hard drive , keep up with new virus protection , & I feel my computer is well protected in many ways having this program installed . I have just installed the NSW 2003 and the Personal Firewall 2003 .
 Item was shipped quicker than I expected . Flawless transaction!I installed the Norton Systemworks software on my computer with no problems . Thank you , I 'm pleased !
 Sytemworks is everything put together ! System check , clean sweep , antivirus , firewall and a lot more!I 've experimented with others and find this company to offer the best and most easy to use system . 2003 is not too different from 2002 as everything is basically the same . The layout menu has slightly changed -LRB- more so in color -RRB- , but everything is the same . Newer virus definitions have been added and the update feature is easy to use and navigate . Norton makes their software easy to configure unlike their competitors which I find handy especially when I want to tell the system what I want it to do instead of the software telling me what to do . You ca n't go wrong with Norton !
 The finest anti-virus software period . It just caught the BugBear32 that was mailed to my mail box yesterday , it 's has paid for itself . Such as improvement over NAV5 .0 , no wonder symantec had users of 5.0 upgrade . I 'm installing Norton Personal Firewall soon , and I expect it 's performance will equal NAV2003 . A good product .
 I 'm using SystemWorks 2002 now and intend to upgrade to 2003 soon . Quite simply it 's one of the best doggone utilities on the market and if Norton bundled Internet Security , which could be tweaked just a little more , in as well this would be a must have for anyone who surfs the ` net.There are other things people need to do to protect themselves on the ` net and to keep their pc 's in top performance , but adding SystemWorks is a good start .
 Apparently , some have had problems with System Works 2003 ... I can not dispute that , but as for me my experience has been positive ... I have an emachine , 1.7 g , Athlon XP 2000 processor , 768Ram , 64 Graphics Card , `` run of the mill '' other `` stuff '' ... System Works 2003 has detected several problems that I was incountering and I was able to fix them ... I 've never received unusual error messages ... I must say although , If you have 2003 system works , no need to purchase 2004 ... differences minor ... and you can purchase an inexpensive copy via Amazon from private sellers -LRB- approx . $ 10.00 for Professional Edition -RRB- when I considered the cost , general reliability and overall features I was satisfied ... I also use 2004 Norton Virus and felt that staying with Norton for Utility made sense ...
 Have just recently upgraded to Norton System Works 2005 ... This program has saved me hours of work and hundreds of dollars ... 24/7 support , easy to use & install , great protection from all the creeps out there that want your private information ... Everyday you go without Norton , you put yourself at risk , you have to wonder why when there are easy solutions for serious problems ... Get System Works and have fun surfing the web , let the program do your worrying for you ...
 I received NSW2003 with Norton Internet Security 2003 and I could n't be more pleased . I 've had zero technical problems -LRB- I simply followed the instructions -RRB- and my computer has never run leaner and meaner . NSW has tons of tweaks , options and monitors for the new user to the advanced personal computer pro . I heard from sources more fluent than I in computer hardware/software knowledge praise Norton over any others and now I know why .
 Ok , granted nothing in this world is perfect . But this program has never done me wrong until I let my subscription lapse . Other than that I have been quite pleased with it and I have 7 years of being a Technical Analyst III under my belt .
 My husband and I are both running Norton Internet Security 2003 on XP systems and neither of us has had any problem with it . When you first install this software , it guides you through the process to set it up the way you want it . You can easily reconfigure its many different features later if you change your mind . NIS warns you when something is accessing the internet , an excellent feature especially if you are always connected with a broadband service . It also alerts you if there is a potential attack on your computer and automatically blocks the attack . If there is an attack on your computer , it gives you details about the type of attack and the ISP # where the attack originated so that you can follow up if necessary.Other features I like include ad blocking -LRB- you can block pop ups as well as many banner ads -RRB- and parental controls . Also , you can tell Norton about important information you may keep on your computer , such as credit card numbers and account information , that you want Norton to protect and not allow to be sent out . This comes with the antivirus software , also , so your computer is well protected.Also , you can set Norton to auto update your antivirus and internet security features so that you are always best protected or you can choose to do it manually . The firewall is also easy to configure to your own liking . This software is pretty flexible and does a good job protecting my computers without having any difficulties with the XP operating system .
 I started with mcafee 's internet security package 5.0 . When my P4 started running like a 286 , I removed mcafee , keeping only their virus scanner.I bought norton 's internet security and it has been smooth sailing ever since.Virus ' are caught before infecting my pc.Updates are easy.The only other product I 'd recommend would be Systemsuite 5.0 by v-com . But I liked norton 's firewall interface better .
 With the install of broadband , my desire was to purchase a single suite of software to protect me from the various Internet unknowns . Internet Security 2003 seemed to fit the bill just fine.My initial install was on a 500MHz P2 PC running windows 98 . Internet Security performed pretty horribly . Even the most basic functions such as maximizing the application would take 10-15 seconds to perform - as in most things Windows , I suspect that a certain level -LSB- late model -RSB- of performance is assumed.After upgrading my PC to a 2.53 GHz P4 running XP Home , I am far happier . I would almost never know that Norton was running , apart from the occasional security alert.Overall , I am very pleased . The install was very straightforward and I have not experienced any issues . There are scheduled tasks to handle the software updates and virus scans that both run without trouble . It 's actually pretty interesting when a security alert is experienced - you are presented with details of the attack -LRB- such as Trojan horse -RRB- and the IP address of the perpetrator . The program will perform a lookup to show details of the IP address owner -LRB- and even shows a world map ... . a little gimmicky , but can help your world geography , if you do n't know where South Korea or Sunnyvale are -RRB- . In summary , definitely recommended for newer PCs .
 I got this product late last year to prevent hackers from hacking into my system since I have DSL . I was well worth it , as almost as soon as I set it up , there was a report of someone trying to use a Trojan Horse . The report that the software generates is good , you need to create an Ascii file if you want to let the hackers ISP know of their subscribers patterns . It gives you a list of all of the pertinent info , like IP Address , Location , and the ISP 's abuse email address . The thing I love most is the Pop Up blocker . It 's so good , I ca n't even go to sites that are free that have a million and one Pop-Up adds , as soon as you get there . It even filters out most of the major sites that have them , I wo n't mention any names but we all know the ones who do this ! This feature alone , plus the rebates , and the constant updates on your Anti-Virus defintions make this a great purchase . It does n't filter out all of the Pop-up ads , but 95 % of them are n't seen by my eyes . BTW , it even gives you a tally of intrusion attempts , and Pop-Up ads filtered out .
 Someone gave me this to try . I loaded it up and first you get somewhat annoyed from the constant notices it is telling about the traffic coming in an out of your machine , but then I stopped and started to really look at these alerts and prompts ... then I was shocked . My DSL was sending stuff out about me even when I was n't on another ISP line ... I block that . Then I started to discover the hundreds of sites I visited and the non-sense that has been secretly dumpped on my machine . Now I have to take the time and clean things out , and question every bit of software I load on my machine.I strongly recommend this and learn what your machine has . The internet has come a long way , from just surfing feeling confident to being intruded on and bombarded with every living ad you can imagine . Plus programs putting hidden programs on your machine and transmitting data about you and your machine ... a violation I can not imagine other then spying on you with out your knowing physcally.This has Ad-Blocker and internet traffic patrol ... meaning it watches all the programs that transmit out to the internet ... and prevents them from sending their info ... plus tells you the program so you can find it later and delete it . Plus it also catches trafic trying to enter your internet line as well and Blocks that . Plus it also has a scan feature that checks your machine and tells you all the programs that have capabilities to transmitt out to the internet . It will allow you to block them or allow the legitimate ones to transmit . This is a great software . Take the time , get to know it and use it ... you will be amazed at the junk that has been put on your machine and the programs that are collecting info about YOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUU ... I am definatly buying this Forever ...
 I have only intermediate PC knowledge and it took me 3 years to finally purchase another internet/virus protection after the problems I had with McAfee back in 2000 . That programme got into everthing and it eventually rendered my machine useless.Hence , after that experience and after being attacked last weekend by the Avril virus , I decided after getting it out of my system via a programme that cost me -LSB- money -RSB- U.S from PCfixonline , that it was time to take up the challenge.I checked out a lot of reviews ... probably around 100 , and then decided , that I needed something that was automatic , would download the latest files automatically but also had a firewall.Norton Internet Security came up trumps.O ` K , sure it took 2 hours to install and understand everthing , but the important thing was , it was relatively simply to install . And now after 3 days , not a single problem.It works its magic as it should and no problems running anything else.I am using Windows 98SE on an 866mhz with 80Gig HD , and it works perfect . Yep , a five out of five for me .
 Most of Internet user do n't know how risk their computer is . Someone may think I never run unknown source application program on my computer , I even do n't have floppy driver on my computer , so , my computer is quite safe . That 's wrong ! If your computer can access Internet , no matter you run or not run unknown source application by yourself , your computer already exposed in hazard . Do n't know why . Okay , let me explain a lit detail . Most of time , your computer risks are caused by computer virus and the OS security hole . Computer virus is only an application program which just same as any other application programs , but it does bad things on you . OS security hole is the security defect in OS . With those holes , anyone on the Internet can attack your computer . If you are using Microsoft Windows , there are so many security bugs in it . Once you surfing Internet , you are almost naked online . Good luck buddy!When you are reading this article , epinions.com will know how much time you spend on this page , what 's your OS , what Internet browser you are using , what & iexcl ; s your local time , where are you come from , etc. . Even I can know this information through the legal way . Most well know way to infect a computer virus from Internet is e-mail , but another thing you may do n't know is with your OS security hole , some websites also can do the same way on your computer as the virus does on you . There are many ways to embed computer virus or dangerous thread in a web page to attack you . Of cause I wo n't demonstrate here to prove how dangerous they are . But trust me , it works.So far , we know how danger the Internet is . The Norton Internet Security 2002 is a good invest to protect your computer . This software package embeds Norton personal Firewall software and Norton Antivirus 8.0 program together . The default setup will install two software in your system , but you can also install each of them separately . Compare with Norton Internet Security 2001 , this version is more user friendly to setup the firewall and do more security check than old version . It fixed some bugs , which I was experienced on Windows ME with 2001 version . They have very high percentage Internet attack and virus detection rate . Compare with Mcafee software , I will say , Norton products are the professional utility for your computer . Norton Internet Security 2002 will give you some other useful features , like Internet advertisement block , content filter , LiveUpdate with one year free update , etc. . Unfortunately , no matter how good the software is , you still can find bugs in it . The follow is the bugs I found on this product . After you installed Norton Security , they default block the NETBIOS protocol for the security reason , but does n't give you any warning . If your computer connects with a network , which uses this protocol , you will find you lost all network connection . To reconnect your network , you need manually enable this protocol from Norton Security 2002 configuration menu.If you already have old Norton Security program install on your system , you can not run the setup from Norton Security 2002 directly to upgrade your product . You have to uninstall the old one and install new one again.Another big bug I found is , when you download file from AOL7 .0 mail program , the Norton Antivirus 8.0 will slow down the download speed a lot . They may do some content security check . I really do n't know what they are doing with AOL mail program , but I & iexcl ; ve tried with windows ftp program , I did n't find that problem.If your system is not fast enough , you may notice a system speed slow down after install this software , but I think this is the pay off for protect your data and privacy . Personally , I feel Norton did a great job on its software.Remember , any security program can not guarantee your computer 100 percent safe . They only can reduce the risk caused by OS security hole . Another thing you must do by yourself is always checking for the OS and Internet browser security update patch .
 Got hijacked since I did n't do a re-install when upgrading from ME to XP-pro . Got hijacked from search-itnow . com and was in a mess . Symantec spent 4 hours helping me , recommended ad-aware for the filthy icons that kept replicating , and sent me off to MIcorsoft . I am almost fixed and could n't be happier with this product . Only re-using for 2 days and it catches everything !
 I bought a copy of NIS 2003 about six months ago , and while I 'm always apprehensive about loading new software , I found it very easy to install . I was able to configure it to stop all pop-ups , and it checks not only all incoming but also all outgoing mail for viruses . It automatically updates my virus definitions regularly , and within days caught a brand new virus that was making the rounds . It also automatically scans your hard drive regularly . In addition , it intercepts incoming `` intruders '' and will even show you -LRB- if you 're interested -RRB- where in the world the rogue computer is located.So when we recently acquired a hand-me-down laptop , I got online and ordered another copy of NIS 2003 . With rebates and discounts , I 'd practically have to get it for free to beat the price . For the peace of mind alone , I 'm happy to recommend this product .
 I already have an SMC router/switch so my firewall protection is taken care of . But as soon as I installed the Norton Ad Blocker and Pop-up Blocker , they went away . The status screen told me that Norton had blocked 52 ads within minutes . The program does take some work , however . You need to tell it how much security that you want . You need to tell it what to do with the `` Spam E-Mail '' that it detects . It comes with a 200 + page Users Guide and In Program Wizards to aid in set-up . I had the program installed and running within an hour .
 When my free Norton Antivirus subscription expired on my Dell Laptop , I upgraded to Internet Security 2003 . I use XP and have had no problems . Internet works great . Pop ups and Spam all get blocked as advertised . I would give it 5 stars but for one hitch . Since I upgraded about a month before my free subscription was to run out , they only renewed the subscription for one year from the date of the upgrade . -LSB- ... -RSB- Otherwise I am very happy .
 This is a great pkg that is very easy to install and use . People that have problems with this software should not own a computer in the first place .
 # 1 for xp win if you have 98 or 2000 zone alarm is ok but i do not trust zalarm , sygate pro is good ... no money z alarm . 5 stars $ sygate pro . 431/32 starsxp norton a one fire wall that has all .
 I tried MCafee VirusScan Home Edition 7.0 before , but it makes everything run very slowly . So I decided to try this one -LRB- it 's free after rebate , why not try ? -RRB- . It works very good . I did n't find any problem in installation as some users mentioned . some users complained it makes otherthing run very slowly . If they think it 's too slow , they may try VirusScan , that would makes everything freezed .
 This is an excellent product ! Just the fact that I do n't have to deal with any pop-ups or banner ads is worth the price alone -- and because it blocks these things , I can surf the ` net much faster and more efficiently . The virus scan is also much more effective and comprehensive -- it caught viruses that my older version of Norton Anti-virus did not catch . It was also easy to install ; I did n't have any problems at all . I also have peace of mind knowing that I , at last , have a secure internet connection . Buy it !!
 Amazing product . It block all the pop-up annoying windows . I have use it for six months under windows xp professional addition . I found no bug and no problem . This is a must for internet user .
 Great product , installation was a breeze ! Upgraded from Norton AntiVirus 2002 and Zone Alarm Pro 3.1 on an HP Intel P4 1.8 ghz running Windows XP with SP 1 . Only complaint is Zone Alarm was still active after installation and needed to be uninstalled manually .
 Today it is common sense that if you have internet access you have to also have a firewall to protect yourself . But , with there being so many different kinds and versions what is the best one to choose ? Well I had the same problem as well ; it was not until I tried Norton Internet Security along with XP and found it worked GREAT !! For the last couple of years I have had no problems with it disrupting my Web Browsing , my Downloads , my Chatting , and also my Online Game Playing ! The only thing I have noticed since I have used the different versions over the past couple of years is having to set it up correctly for it to work flawless . So , if you have used a firewall before this program should not be any problem setting , but if this is a first for you I still suggest buying it -LRB- Especially for so of the great prices amazon.com is offering -RRB- just it may take some extra time and reading of the manual .
 I upgraded to this product from Norton Internet Security 2002 on a Windows XP Pro system , and had no problems with the installation . Knowing that Symantec software can be finicky if not treated properly , I was careful to follow installation instructions to the letter , and I think that it is for this reason that I had no problems . Much is improved over the previous version , from ad blocking to parental controls to the user interface in general . I have had no major problems with this program , whose options I use extensively , and very few minor ones . I have found this to be a very worthwhile upgrade from the previous version , with which I had been quite happy .
 2003 IS SO MUCH EASER TO LOAD THAN 2001 . IT HAS INTUITIVE LOGIC FOR ACCOMPLING TASKS . IT WORKS WITH IE5 WITH IE5s PATCH . DOWNLOADS FROM SYMANTEC ARE EASE . VERY GOOD PACKAGE . BE SURE TO UNINSTALL ANY CURRENT VIRUS PACKAGES ON YOUR SYSTEM . . MY SYSTEM RUNS WIN 98 , STANDALONE . ALL THREE OUR PCs ARE STANDALONE .
 Bought Norton Internet Sec . 2003 almost a month ago , very pleased . I have seen 3 attacks so far . The program uses this cool `` IP Caller ID '' thing -LRB- not their terms -RRB- , but it traces the intrusion source geographically , plots it on a map , then gives you the Provider 's name to report the attack . So far , it traced attacks to L.A. , NJ , and China . I must say the piece of mind this product provides is certainly worth the free post-rebate pricetag . It did bring my available resources from ~ 85 % to about 63-58 % . I have broadband , so it 's not a killer , but I refrain from running the virus-blocker , doing manual scans instead . UNINSTALL ALL PREVIOUS VERSIONS/ANTIVIRUS PRIOR TO INSTALLING !!!!!
 I just installed the program . . easy ... I started my internet explorer . . by this time i would get about 50 pop-ups ... I HAVNT HAD ONE ... if for nothing else get it for the pop-up protection !! booh yeah no more pop-ups !!
 Personal Firewall is a must have software -LRB- like Anti-virus -RRB- for today computer user . I using NIS in my PIII 750MHz Sony notebook w / Win2K O/S , and Norton System Works 2003 . I consider it as an upgrade from Norton Personal Firewall 2002 and everything is fine.Installation process is smooth too , but the program can detect if McAfee 's product -LRB- mine is VirusScan 7.0 installed -RRB- was installed . It will `` warn '' you to uninstall McAfee before going on . -LRB- I installed it anyway but ok -RRB- I do n't use any software if it installation having problem at the first of the beginning to avoid trouble -LRB- like McAfee personal firewall at my another P4 2.4 GHz + Win XP desktop , it screw up my home network setup too -RRB- . I did n't turn on the `` Parental control '' function , so no comment on this . I did n't configured the Spam Alert too ... -LRB- I think I should but just too busy -RRB- . Ad blocking is functioning , I guess ... I do n't visit such kind of websites much through ... The rest is just the same old wine as PFW , upgrade it from version 2002 to 2003 just because I feel the info & programs are more update ... and price is right . If you have PFW 2002 installed and satisfy then no need to hurry for this , hope 2004 version have something excite.Again I dislike the rebate `` service '' from Norton as I stated at the other reviews . Other stores / vendors ' rebate handling already have improvement and do the right job ... I give this product 4 stars because :1 . McAfee Personal Firewall give me hard time , but Norton did n't .2 . Beside this 2 companies I hardly think of anyone will provide me a complete integrated utilities to use -LRB- Anti-virus + Personal Firewall + System Utilities -RRB- . Many offer some but not all so simply limited choice . Using different vendors programs means expose ourself -LRB- users -RRB- in such a potential of incompatiable software issues that nobody will help us.Also , add a router -LRB- they are so cheap today !!! -RRB- if you using boardband for internet access even you have only one computer . This will give you some hardware protection for additional safety .
 Having read all the negative reviews about IS 2003 , I purchased it anyway . I had no problem installing it what-so-ever , and so I did n't get the chance to find out what would happen if I un-install it . The anti-virus feature is as good as 2000 , and the Firewall is much more user friendly than Sygate 's Personal Firewall , although the pros may be disappointed if you want to create rules to overwrite some settings . I do n't use the parental control at all since I 'm the only one that uses the computer . Pop-up control is the biggest disappointment . It blocks most of the popups , but sometimes it fails to show those that I want -LRB- like playing Bejeweled on MSN -RRB- , even if I hold down the shift key . -LRB- The popup showed up but showing javascript error -RRB- . The freeware Popup Stopper from Panicware does a much better job than Norton 's . In a nutshell , the product is good , but there 's room for improvement , given the number of negative feedbacks
 I have XP and there was absolutely no problems installing NIS . I just had to uninstall 2002 , and install 2003 . As far as the parental control , it does n't bother me , as you can turn it off . It did come in handy for the kids though , as you can set it up a lot easier than some programs out there , I think ... I 've tried McAfee , and I did n't like it at all . They could n't pay me to try it again . I have been very satisfied using Norton 's and have had no problems . I think , it is a matter of preference .
 I upgraded from Norton Internet Security 2002 without a single problem . The program runs great and I am very happy . -LRB- I am running on Windows XP Professional . -RRB-
 I purchased this item with trepidation due to all the bad reviews I had read prior to purchasing it . I decided to purchase it anyway due to expiration of my Norton NIS 2002 . I installed the product on my Windows XP system without any trouble whatsoever-except that I forgot to remove the Norton Internet Security 2002 and Norton Antivirus 2002 prior to loading this program . The program will not load if it finds a previous version of the programs already installed . I removed the two products by going into the add/remove programs from the control panel tab . After this was done , the software loaded flawlessly . I have been using it for almost a week and it is working fine . I have not noticed any slowdown when searching the net . It has caught several intrusion attempts and some that were not intrusive so I added the one I knew not to be intrusive to the list of computers not to warn me about . The add blocker is working great blocking both pop-up ads and banner adds on web-sites . I have noticed occasionally some pictures will not load correctly , so I turn the add blocker off and then back on after the page loads , but this is rare . I recommend it if you need a software firewall and antivirus protection .
 Being a long time user of Norton products on other PC 's , when my new PC , running XP Pro , arrived with Norton AV pre-installed with a free 30-day subscription , I was quite pleased . When the subscription ran out , I decided upon NIS 2003 product , as I was also running Zonelabs as my firewall . My first install attempt was a disaster , almost everything locked up and no applications would launch . Finally , after about 2-3 hours of fiddling and research , thankfully , a safe mode reboot and the usage of the XP System Restore facility -LRB- run msconfig -RRB- , I was able to back out my system to prior to the install . Then it took another 3 reboots to fully get rid of the NAV 2003 install , including having to go into the Services function to stop the system portion of the product . After that , the re-install of the NIS product went fine.The Firewall configuration was a breeze as well.So , if you are running any Norton product at all , be sure to uninstall EVERYTHING and check your task lists that everything is really uninstalled . If you do n't , your will run into problems -- which will be very daunting to a novice user.All in all , a good product -- just be very careful if you are currently running ANY anti-virus or firewall product .
 I 'm using NIS for the first time and find it to be head and shoulders above the security system I had been using . Installation was quick and clean , and the user 's guide was authoritative and easy to read . My expertise level is modest , but everything went very well . The product contains a Security Monitor feature that allows you to watch the system in operation . Default settings seem suitable for most people , but you can easily change them if you feel the need to . I 've really not noticed any degradation in my computer 's speed or performance .
 I am surprised to see other users referring to problems with this software . I can speak only for myself -LRB- and , for the record , my operating system is Windows XP Home edition -RRB- , but I made an exceedingly smooth transition from Norton AntiVirus 2002 and Norton Personal Firewall 2002 to Norton Internet Security 2003 . All of my established settings came over without a hitch , I am having no problem at all scanning incoming and outgoing email messages , and the firewall would definitely appear to be doing its job . The AntiVirus program now has the added capability of scanning instant messages , which is a very big deal , in my opinion . The Spam Alert function is not quite perfect at distinguishing between true spam and valid messages , but it is a feature of at least some utility , and I am happy to see Symantec trying to incorporate it into their already excellent software package . The Privacy Control feature is not new , but it is certainly an important part of the deal , affording the user some protection from the accidental release of important personal and financial information across the Internet . I ca n't comment on the Parental Control feature because I do not use it , but certainly this is something parents will find appealing . Last and certainly not least , this software allows you to block a great number of those increasingly annoying pop-up ads proliferating online.If this is your first time using the firewall software , you will have to go through some important steps in order to configure your security system for your own needs , but the system walks you through this pretty well , meaning you do n't need to be a computer expert to do it . You will also have to specify any personal information -LRB- such as credit card numbers -RRB- you want to protect from accidental release via web forms and the like , but this is not hard to do . You can quickly and easily run a security check at any time to make sure your security settings are optimized and working properly . I would not surf online without knowing this great product is there to protect me from all the dangers lurking in cyberspace .
 Norton has again developed another outstanding upgrade to their software lines . I have had their products for years and experienced no problems . That can not be said for McAfee . The negative comments submitted here baffle me . I removed my older Norton Internet Security and Personal Firewall and installed Internet Security 2003 . Worked perfectly from the onset , to say the least . The install time was rather long , but the program is checking your puter for possible problems . It is well worth the investment of a few precious minutes . Just follow the instructions to the letter and you 'll have no problems . Nothing unique about my system
 I have now received , installed , and used this product -- and consequently feel qualified to `` review '' it . I installed NIS 2003 on a Windows ME system which previously had Norton Antivirus 2001 installed . The installation not only went flawlessly , but NIS 2003 automatically uninstalled NAV 2001 and reinstalled the new product without any prompting . Along with its other security and antivirus features , the main capability which attracted me to this product was its inclusion of an Ad Blocking feature , which is not discussed in Amazon.com 's product description . Simply stated , this feature is OUTSTANDING . After installation , I visited numerous sites which had previously dumped loads of pop-up and pop-under ad windows and flash-based ads on my screen , but now -- POOF -- no more trash , with no discernable negative effects on web page loading . Plus ad banners are effectively eliminated -- so all you get is the web page you want . For me , this feature alone is worth the price ... -- it 's a total steal at -LSB- the after rebate cost -RSB- P > I find it difficult to praise this product enough -- it delivers every feature smoothly and efficiently , as advertised .
 I love Symantec products . When I heard that there was a new version of Norton Internet Security , I rushed to find out all I could about it . I was intrigued most by Norton AntiVirus 2003 , which protects instant messaging , so I decided to give it a try.I was unable to install the software for the life of me , until I completely formatted my hard drive and reinstalled everything!Once the product was up and running it was great ! The interface is a bit nicer , and much easier to navigate , from earlier versions . The tools are superior to any other Internet protection suite -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , and when they are running they work great . My computer has come out well protected in many , many tests.That is of course , if you get it working ! If you do not have a previous version of Norton products , then this should give you no problems and is a must have . If you are using an older version of Internet Security , you may want to stay where you are for the time being ... at least until Symantec gets there act together .
 If you ca n't afford or do n't want to get VPN FireWall -LSB- Hardware Firewall -RSB- , this is your second best choice software -LSB- Easy to install and Use -RSB- . I am using Window XP and never had any problems updating or operating this software . My computer was a target for hackers a few times and Norton Firawall/Internet Security Block all traffic and even tracked down my hackers . Works Great !!!
 I just recently ordered System Works 2003 . I have 2002 and love it ... also have internet security 2002 and love it as well.I 'm looking for the newest version of 2003 internet security.I see 60.00 in rebates so in the end it 'll only cost 6 bucks.What a deal.I believe if anyone is having problems they need to keep trying.Nortons has almost every problem listed on their pages and if they look they can probably find their problem sonewhere.I have thought about buying other software because its cheaper ... but I have never used them and dont trust them to do the job that nortons system works does.Its complete , its simple and I feel quite protected.There is also a place that you can get updates everyday manually from nortons.Dont give up people ... keep on trying , you wont be sorry.My only complaint is that they dont offer system works and internet security on the same disc.But i guess they 'd lose lots of money that way .
 We had the older version of internet security it did not have the tracking feature . Our computer security was constantly going off saying trojan horse alert ect . After installing this an alert went off and we traced it to Reston VA. . The security gave me a lot of info there internet provider and computer address ! ... So take this hackers I got your number ! -LSB- . -RSB- Any time My alert goes off , I trace it and turn them in to their IP provider and I block them by putting their info into my security block . After a couple of weeks it is now rare for my alert to go off . I also put a version on my mac .
 I was a little hesitant about purchasing Norton Internet security -LRB- NIS -RRB- 2003 after reading some of the reviews posted here . But I decided to anyway ... . I was currently using NIS 2002 on my 4 Windows XP Pro computers and liked it a lot and wanted the increased security on the new version . I carefully followed the installation instructions for previously installed versions of NIS . I removed both NIS and Norton Anti Virus before installing NIS 2003 . The installs went without hitch.Norton Internet Security has worked flawlessly on all 4 of my computers . I really like the increased automation of the new Live Update , it makes keeping everything updated easy .
 A must have for the web surfer and moreso if you have a broadband connection that stays on at all times . The firewall is effective at blocking possible intrusions and the virusscan software that Norton offers is the best on the market . It tries to label -LRB- as best it can -RRB- email that it thinks could be spam . But my favorite feature is the ` ad blocker ' . It blocks pop up ads all the time and even blocks advertisements buried in the webpage html !! This feature alone should be reason to purchase IS2003 . It also offers parental control for parents with prying-eyes kids and all features can be password protected -LRB- Parental Control , Firewall , Virusscan -RRB- so only you can turn them off . It 's designed to run on Windows XP and I run XP so there have been zero technical problems .
 Just follow the intructions to the T which I did and there was no problmes installing it . I installed it along with NSW 2003 and there was no clashing.I love the new interface and new updated Ad-blocking . PLus for parents there is a parental control feature which is a must considering times now .
 I recently purchased a new computer and I felt I needed a solid virus protection program . I am running Windows XP and I have a cable internet connection . XP has an annoying feature that lets people display pop-up ads -LRB- different from internet browser pop-up ads -RRB- whenever I am on the computer . I do n't have to be specifically using an internet browser or email program since the cable modem is hooked up to the net the entire time the computer is running . Also , I have found out that a lot of web sites will install `` cookies '' on your computer that tell a great deal of information about you to the web administrator . These cookies remain in your hard drive long after you have left the website or even rebooted your computer . Finally , a lot of browser plugins -LRB- media players , fun cursor programs , file conversion software etc -RRB- contain code that allows outside parties to access your computer resources . On my previous computer , these programs cost me a ton of CPU and memory usage -LRB- which slowed things down considerably -RRB- . The Norton program is fairly easy to install . I did have one problem though . I came across one specific install error that indicated my local machine did not have rights to install the software -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- . I typed the exact error message into the Norton customer resource page and it gave me the proper steps to fix the problem . After installing the program - everything seems to be working great . The software has eliminated the annoying pop-up ads that XP is vulnerable to . The virus scan seems to work but so far , I have not had any viruses to deal with . The program automatically scan for viruses once a week so , I do n't have to worry about remembering . The firewall program seems to be good at blocking Trojan horse programs and repelling outside attacks . I was surprised how often these attacks occur . I usually get these attacks about once a day -LRB- according to the software log -RRB- . The email spam filter is just OK . I still get a ton of spam but the filter seems to get rid of about 50 % , which is nice . It works with Netscape very well . Overall , the product is easy to use and seems to do its job . I do wish that the company had a free help line for the first 90 days but their web site seems adequate .
 I do n't know why some people rate Internet Security 2003 of Symantec by low stars.I have had good experience with it . I bought it as download version and installed it . It was so easy . I do n't know why several reviews complain about the problem about setup and the running afterward . I bet that the fault is not Symantec 's but Microsoft 's . Probably their computers are unstable . Amazingly , yet possibly they are using Windows ME , the worst , most unstable operating system ever . It is almost impossible that making a software product that runs well on the unstable system . While you can adjust your product as stable as possible , in the end you need to replace the unstable part from your system.I do n't have much to say about the quality of the product . It just works fine , which I and the rest of the users expect from software products.Tough cookie , Internet Security 2003 does what I expected and never surprised me . I do n't see any reason that I give it other than the maximum star . I strongly recommend it .
 I upgraded to this product from Norton Internet Security 2002 on a Windows XP Pro system , and had no problems with the installation . Knowing that Symantec software can be finicky if not treated properly , I was careful to follow installation instructions to the letter , and I think that it is for this reason that I had no problems . Much is improved over the previous version , from ad blocking to parental controls to the user interface in general . I have had no major problems with this program , whose options I use extensively , and very few minor ones . I have found this to be a very worthwhile upgrade from the previous version , with which I had been quite happy .
 As a long time user of their products , I 've found them easy to use and reliable . These latest editions , while mainly incremental improvment , offer added value over just AV alone . The choice is , do I need Systemworks ' tools or the internet firewall in this bundle ? Since both are the same price . AR as AntiVirus alone , buying a bumdle makes mre sense.The main downside I see with Norton AV vs Macfee is Norton requires an annual subscription for future updates , unlike MacFee .
 For years I would n't understand the pont in buying a security program ... After I 've been hit by the blaster worm I realized that avoiding suspicious attachments in emails is just not enough so I decided for the first time to BUY an antivirus program -LRB- By now I have been seldom using preview antivirus software from magazines ' CD-ROMs -RRB- . After using it for 2 days I simply got impressed from its features and convinced that what I paid was a fraction of what this program has saved me from ! It 's not only a smart antivirus ! It 's a clever TOTAL SECURITY PROGRAM ! No configuration is needed ! In just a second after installation you get impressive protection from all kind of security/privacy threats as well as from annoying spam , popups and EVEN banner ads ! WITH NO CONFIGURATION AT ALL ! The program is ingenious indeed!It 's worth the money and despite what I 've heard it only slows down your machine so little that you wo n't even notice ! -LRB- I 've got a P4 1.9 GHz 256MB RAM -RRB-
 I provide support for over 200 computers . Therefore I have tested and tried several s/w packages.I have used norton systemworks for several years , spanning several versions , 2001 to 2003 . At home , on my own pc 's , I use both norton and ZA.When I first bought NIS 2003 earlier this year , I was happily surprised by it 's easy install on XP and it 's smooth integration with systemworks 2003 pro.The firewall is pretty straightforward and intuitive.The only one that is more simplistic is Zone alarm.Zone alarm is sort of a `` firewall for dummies '' , meaning that it 's easy for a non-pc user to set up . -LSB- NOTE
 If you connect to the net a good Fire Wall is a must.This has caught at least one `` ping '' that was reported .5 Stars ...
 Okay you know I am getting sick of all the negative reviews for this product . This product beats mcafee . On windows 98 Mcafee Virusscan does not work right . You get all kinds of errors . I got fed up with it , and downloaded a trial of norton internet security which is working much better . Do n't tell me to upgrade my os either . When something says it will work with a certain os , then i expect it to work . Which mcafee virusscan 7.0 clearly says it works with windows 98 , and it do n't . Not right anyway . Norton does .
 After reading so many harsh reviews , I was hesitant to purchase product ; however , I am very happy . It stops all ads , blocks & traces hacker attempts , & protects my personal informatin that I do n't want given out . The key is to BE SURE YOU HAVE NO VIRUS ON YOUR COMPUTER BEFORE INSTALLING IT ! You have to read the directions & install it properly . My Norton Antivirus was missing a virus that the Symantec detection kept finding . After many hours , I found & deleted the virus , -LRB- without paying for Symantec help & with average computer knowledge -RRB- . I will defintely be purchasing future upgrades .
 I ca n't understand all the negative reviews on this product . I have Windows XP , and it was very easy to install , and works great . I 've only had it a few days , but it has already caught an email virus and found someone trying to break into my computer . Well worth the money .
 It was time to either renew my subscription for virus definitions for NAV 2002 , or consider upgrading . After checking the new Symantec products -LRB- and comparing prices -RRB- I chose Norton Internet Security 2003 . This product offers more than I personally need . A careful reading of the user 's guide insured that even I could tailor the software to suit ! -LRB- I definitely recommend reading the user guide before attempting to install ! The guide can be a little intimidating at first , but this along with the install wizard and help screens make NIS 2003 easy to install and configure . -RRB- I am very pleased with the new features offered in Norton Internet Security 2003 , as well as the Symantec Knowledge Base and online support . In less than two weeks , this upgrade has saved me at least three times , from both viruses and attack !
 Maybe I got lucky , but I 've installed NIS 2003 on three different computers -LRB- 2 with 98SE and 1 with XP Home -RRB- and I have had no problems whatsoever . Installation was a breeze on all three . I have yet to look at the owners manual as the programs are very intuitive . Because I wanted to network all three computers together , getting a personal firewall was priority one.In short , I would recommend this program to anyone . Just be sure to remove any previous virus/firewall programs on your PC .
 platform is AMD 2GHZ/40GB/512MB running XP home ed , Office Xp , IE , NETscape , MSN messenger , Yahoo messenger & a lot of video editng Stuff . Very easy to navigate and understand , If you are in doubt about a functionality it has huge docs to read and understand , Incase you are a novice , it just sets up it self by default . Installed the product in 5 min . Effectivly blocks 90 % of the popup ads and annoying flash stuff on web pages . Tested the firewall with all third party stuff on web , the computer is invisible . As for the antivirus , Norton along with Mcafee were always Industry standard . Worth mentioning is the SPAM filter . It works on all pop3 and the best part is it appends `` SPAM ALERT '' on the message , You can create a rule to direct it to a spam box or the trashcan . For thoes of you who have seen other SPAM blocking engines will know this is very non intrusive , does not run an entirely diffrent program and interface like Mcafee SPAM control does and is much much faster . Another thing worth mentioning is Parental control . It is as effective & detailed as Surf Control products . What makes this package sweet is one product for SPAM , POPUP AD blocking , Privacy control & Parental control . These 4 things alone cost a fortune . I had been hunting for all these products and did not want 10 diffrent softwares doing 10 diffrent things . In Norton I found one packaged industry standard code which will not clash with each other , one screen to control all stuff , one place to go for all upgrades . The best part is that this product comes FREE ... after rebates and promotion . Go buy it and you wo n't look back . . Cons
 We got this program a few weeks ago and I think it does great . In the last few days our computer was attacked several times and this program fended off the attacks . My husband is really the computer savvy one , but I use the computer daily . -LRB- I just do n't know as much of the intricacies as he does -RRB- So , from a normal computer users stand point I think this product does the job well . It is funny though how you never really think that YOUR personal information and YOUR computer is at risk for a virus untill you actually read a report that someone tried to plant a virus or hack into your computer . Which is what happened to us . And I also have to say , it is pretty cool that this program allows you to track down alot of information -LRB- in most cases -RRB- on the attcker . So you get to find out where they are and alot of their specific information so that you can pass it on to your internet service provider so they can take action . All in all I 'd say I 've learned my lesson that everyone needs an internet security program , -LRB- my husband had been trying to convice me for some time -RRB- , and this program seems to work pretty well .
 As a fellow reviewer commented on Symantec 's rebate performance ... They are very cryptic about the requirements to claim your rebate . They want your old disk or for you to deface your old manuel but they do n't tell you this until you open the sealed box and see all rest of the terms and conditions that you must meet to claim your rebate . When ever this situation arises with any company :1 -RRB- I complete the forms and send the required proof of purchase of their product and then2 -RRB- I write them a little note and tell them that they CAN NOT change the terms of sale after the sale by hiding additional requirements with in the sealed box . Further I call to their attention that the Rebate was an inducement to the customer to buy the product and I accepted their inducement to buy the product at face value ; expecting the exterior inducement to containe the full and complete trems and conditions of the sale3 -RRB- I also tell them that the property they want me to send in or deface is my property , bought and paid for by me and I will not submitt nor deface my property . The property that they request is mine to retain and use as I please4 -RRB- Send the rebate within the advertised 4 to 6 weeks or send me a check for the total purchase price including sales tax and the estimated return shipping charges5 -RRB- And that I enjoy being aggressive and a problem , try me you will not like the results.I always get my rebated within 4 to 6 weeks . Do n't let them mess with you . Symentec is generally hard to deal with on other issues but not on the Rebate issue , if you are aggressive to start with . Never argue over a point that you know you can not win .
 This program work great and I use it on my home network and all computers on my network have been virus free and very well protected.This program does involve some reading of the manual . Most `` GOOD '' software will offer lots of features and you 'll need to read the manual to figure out which features are right for you and which features you do n't need.It also provides personal firewall protection within your own network so you can control access of computers from WITHIN your network . Very cool.Those who installed this program and found their computer running slower probably did n't read the manual extensively and probably had more things running then they should .
 I was running Systems Works 2002 so after reading some reviews here I was a bit nervous to install this on my computer running XP . However , setup was a breeze , I love the fact it just blocks those annoying pop ups , scans my emails for spam , and protects my computer . Great program , highly recommend .
 I recently purchased a new computer and I felt I needed a solid virus protection program . I am running Windows XP and I have a cable internet connection . XP has an annoying feature that lets people display pop-up ads -LRB- different from internet browser pop-up ads -RRB- whenever I am on the computer . I do n't have to be specifically using an internet browser or email program since the cable modem is hooked up to the net the entire time the computer is running . Also , I have found out that a lot of web sites will install `` cookies '' on your computer that tell a great deal of information about you to the web administrator . These cookies remain in your hard drive long after you have left the website or even rebooted your computer . Finally , a lot of browser plugins -LRB- media players , fun cursor programs , file conversion software etc -RRB- contain code that allows outside parties to access your computer resources . On my previous computer , these programs cost me a ton of CPU and memory usage -LRB- which slowed things down considerably -RRB- . The Norton program is fairly easy to install . I did have one problem though . I came across one specific install error that indicated my local machine did not have rights to install the software -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- . I typed the exact error message into the Norton customer resource page and it gave me the proper steps to fix the problem . After installing the program - everything seems to be working great . The software has eliminated the annoying pop-up ads that XP is vulnerable to . The virus scan seems to work but so far , I have not had any viruses to deal with . The program automatically scan for viruses once a week so , I do n't have to worry about remembering . The firewall program seems to be good at blocking Trojan horse programs and repelling outside attacks . I was surprised how often these attacks occur . I usually get these attacks about once a day -LRB- according to the software log -RRB- . The email spam filter is just OK . I still get a ton of spam but the filter seems to get rid of about 50 % , which is nice . It works with Netscape very well . Overall , the product is easy to use and seems to do its job . I do wish that the company had a free help line for the first 90 days but their web site seems adequate .
 Being a very smart user of computers , i might have had more luck then the other people.This worked fine for me with windows XP.It has a good E-mail protection that has protected me numerous times . It 's firewall is very logical with not a lot of settings to edit . Also the anti-virus works very good , and protects against web based viruses.Best thing about this is the fact that you can set it to auto-update . It will download new virus definitions without even bothering you , might slow down your internet though.i got this with rebates that brought it down to like 5 $ , and this is well worth the money.Only problem is the `` program '' controle . It does try to limit the access of a lot of programs , and i have got it to where it accepts everything execpt for my AIM start-up . So instead i have to manually click the AIM icon.Also , there are prompts where it asks you if you want to block internet access to certain things -LRB- mostly ads -RRB- . And you have to know what it is your blocking first inorder to pick the right answer.All in all worth 5 stars if your good with computers and can edit settings .
 Before I purchased this title , I read the reviews posted on Amazon . I almost did not buy the product because so many people had trouble installing it , but I have always had good luck with Norton 's so I thought I would give it a try . When I new buy software , I usually throw the manual to the side and put the disk in and go for it . Because of the aforementioned complaints , I used a different tatic here - I read the manual first . As instructed , I did a full system scan beforehand , created the rescue disks , and deleted the previous version -LRB- 2002 -RRB- that was on my computer . One point I would like to make here is that they recommend you delete NIS , but later in the manual they recommend that you remove NIS , LiveReg , and LiveUpdate - I did all three . When I finally put the new disk in , everything went smoothly . Of course , you have to run update to get the newest definitions , restart and repeat until everything is up to date . With everything I did , it took about 2-1/2 hours to install this program . About 1/2 that was on the system scan and rescue disks . I have an older computer -LRB- 566 mhz -RRB- , so you will have to adjust for your computer . Updates are still easy , new graphics but the same layout means you do n't have to search for the buttons if you are used to an older version , and the pop-up/ad-blocker works really well . Overall , I am pleased with the product
 I upgraded from NIS 2001 on Win2k . I had no problems installing and configuring this software . It has performed flawlessly . NIS 2003 is a great upgrade from NIS 2001 . There are many nice features including the ad-blocker . The interface is cleaner , more logical . Commands have been added to the context-menu -LRB- right-click system tray icon -RRB- . I can now go directly to live-update from this menu . NIS also dials directly instead of painting the connection dialog box and making me press `` connect '' . I can also go to the options dialog or view statistics or logs from this menu . NIS integrated seamlessly with the other accounts I created in Win2K and set up their controls automatically.Before you install this software , go to the Symantec site and obtain instructions for un-installing existing Norton products . Find and print the instructions and follow them . Read your manual . There are instructions for manually cleaning things up as well . Certain situations call for the executable that Symantec supplies to help uninstall . Educate yourself and experience a flawless install like I did . It 's not hard.I disagree that Norton products have been backsliding . I have not had a problem with this product and there were good , solid improvements on the NIS 2001 iteration .
 First of all , I would like to say that I am rather experienced computer professional . ... I really do have to say that Symantec 's support STINKS . I agree with all of you there . But there is nothing wrong with this program . This program is VERY VERY customizable , and often you need to do a little customizing , and some people are not familiar and or comfortable with that . I say to them , then find someone who knows what they are doing to help you install it and set it up , or leave it on the shelf and go play solitaire . I am sorry if you feel I am slamming you , but nobody said that configuring rules for how your internet works should be cake-work . Just be glad that Symantec actually makes it possible and reliable , so it takes a few days to get it right ... is n't your safety worth a little bit of effort and maybe a couple emails for help ? Please people , you give these programs a bad review , then thousands of people run to the competitors , and they are worse , and then they will write bad reviews , next thing we know these products wont be on the market because everyone is too scared to go buy it thinking that it does n't work . Really , if you have questions , email me , I would be more than glad to help you and see you satisfied with another fine Norton program from Symantec .
 Norton Internet Security 2003 is a great product . It does everything as advertised . Many of the negative reviews are from people that did not fully uninstall any previous Norton products . If you do everything as stated in the guide there should be no problems . The one down side of the product is that it does slightly slow down Internet activity . Everything else is as expected . I have already blocked 26 attempted attacks to my system , in only 9 days .
 I had heard all of the negative comments about NIS 2003 and was expecting a real compatibility problem moving from Personal Firewall 2002 and System Works 2002 . The download from Symantec was actually quite painless . The program even maintained my current security settings . I just sat back and Symantec shocked me . It works great and even removed the old files . It even integrated into Systems Works without even asking.Personally , I have no problem accessing adobe , microsoft , amazon.com or any other reputable site . Good job guys
 If you have high-speed internet access , you simply have to have this product . It kills those pop-up ads just about completely , and restores control of your desktop to you . I was being bombarded by pop-ups to the point where it was making me crazy . This product cured that.Mine installed easily and flawlessly during the duration that it took me to drink a beer . It immediately registered and updated itself . And I have n't seen a pop-up since.The anti-virus seems to work perfectly -- I 've had no infections since getting this program . I have been leery of the Spam-Email protection because I am worried about losing real messages . Maybe I 'll get braver later on.This is a fine product that I can not really imagine being any better or easier to use . The user interface is excellent , and the performance is too .
 I purchased this product along with a load of Linksys gear in order to set up a network with my new Cable modem . I use Windows XP . Set up was easy and flawless -LRB- although I 'd recommend installing after you get your network set up and running -RRB- . The product works extremely well using Symantec 's recommendations.I 've been able to set up different parental controls for each of my children . The only reason for 4 stars vs. 5 is that I ca n't limit the time my children spend online.Personal firewall has stopped several attacks on my computer . Antivirus works as well as ever . I have n't used all of the network set up features yet , but am very pleased with the product . I know very little about networking or firewalls , but feel safe with this product installed .
 I do n't know how many times I have been sent viruses over the last year , but it would have to be nearly a 1000 . If you use email like I do , you are definitely no stranger to viruses that lurk around every corner in cyberspace . Norton saved me plenty of times and the 40 or so dollars you spend on this product is worth its cost 50 times that because of what a virus can do to a computer without you knowing it . If I did n't have this software , who knows how much I would had to have spent fixing my system.Norton is probably the premier choice when it comes to anti-virus software . I 've experimented with others and find this company to offer the best and most easy to use system . 2003 is not too different from 2002 as everything is basically the same . The layout menu has slightly changed -LRB- more so in color -RRB- , but everything is the same . Newer virus definitions have been added and the update feature is easy to use and navigate . Norton makes their software easy to configure unlike their competitors which I find handy especially when I want to tell the system what I want it to do instead of the software telling me what to do . You ca n't go wrong with Norton !
 Works for me ! Firewall and all . I had AOL 8.0 first , then installed the Norton . I also made sure all apps were closed on installation .
 I would say it 's an excellent internet security software for home PC 's . It has almose every useful feature one may need
 If you realize the risk that goes with using the Internet you probably have this already . If you are looking around for some protection , look no further . You have found ALL you need with NIS 2003 or any version . This has proven to be the BEST of the BEST . I use it since it became available , and after comparing , there is no competition .
 Recently purchased this for the office and it removed all nasty Pop-Ups that would constantly pop up on my screen . It also removed all spam emails - ALL ! The only downside in my opinion - it scans all emails and this takes a bit of time .
 I purchased 2003 in 2003 . I tried to install it without removing all the programs from the 2002 version . I used the uninstall program , but Symantec made a change that was n't in the manual that requires you to remove all previous version programs before installing 2003 . I did n't read the tutorial that tells you of the change . It also tells you that you need Explorer 5.5 or higher . I was using Explorer 5 and later updated to Explorer 6 . The first installation did n't work , but one-year later after I read the tutorial and made the Explorer upgrade it worked . I am using Windows 98se operating system . What prompted me to try again the second time was that the 2002 version I was using refused to allow me to use the firewall after a online update . It works great but the set-up instructions are difficult to follow . If I did n't have previous experience with the earlier version I would have had big problems . Symantec 's support is hard to obtain on-line and you have to pay big bucks to get telephone support . Once you set it up properly it works great .
 I have been using Norton Internet Security 2003 for just under a year now , I have had no problems what so ever . The fire wall has caught numerous problems in the past and I have had no ill effects on my internet access . It has caught numerous virus attacks via websites and email . With virus protection so critical now , I do n't see any better product on the market . I liked it so much , I bought it for my wife 's business .
 I have been using Symantec products for years , and Norton Internet Security is a great way to protect your computer from hackers and viruses . The firewall is easy to use and customize , and the Norton Antivirus software is in my opinion second to none . In fact a friend of mine had McAfee Antivirus and bought Norton 's Antivirus later on , seems he had two viruses on his pc that McAfee never caught . I will not buy any other internet security software .
 Basically , if you have a connection to the Internet that is constantly open , you should get some kind of Firewall AND AnitVirus . I decided to buy Norton Personal Firewall 2003 because I have had Norton AntiVirus 2002 and it worked extremely well . Once I got the Firewall , I installed it easily and in about 5 minutes had both the Norton Firewall and the Norton AntiVirus integrated into ONE security box . The pop-up blocker also WORKS GREAT ! Not one pop-up since . I recommend both Norton Personal Firewall 2003 and Norton AntiVirus 2003 because nobody knows when someone will either send you a virus or scan your computer looking to hack in . Yet with these two products you can rest assured that when something goes wrong in the security department , you will be well equipped to deal with it .
 Symantec seems to have ironed out the kinks in the Internet Security software running under Windows XP . The software installed and updated itself and immediately began protecting the system which uses a cable modem with a router . The AD blocking is working well . I plan to buy another copy to run on another computer that is on the same cable modem . The firewall rules were automatically adapted to my usage - where as the last version could never seem to remember the rules and kept asking about internet access - so much so - that it was uninstalled . The trace feature is kind of nice , I received a TCP illegal flags attack and it tracked it down to Minneapolis and one from Bejing China .
 This is an excellent product -- anyone considering it ought toalso consider Norton Internet Security 2003 . Both of thesesoftware packages contain an OUTSTANDING ad blocking feature.After installation , I visited numerous sites which hadpreviously dumped loads of pop-up and pop-under ad windows andflash-based ads on my screen , but now -- POOF -- no more trash , with no discernable negative effects on web page loading . Plusad banners are effectively eliminated -- so all you get is the webpage you want . After a week of intensive use , I have yet to finda problem with this software . I find it difficult to praisethis product enough -- it delivers every feature smoothly andefficiently , as advertised . I have it installed on my computeralong with Norton Cleansweep -- no conflicts or flaws noted .
 The product does what it claims , I had no problems installing and confiquring , the ad blocker works like a charm . I have had time to evaluate this firewall since I purchased it in October 2003 , and it caused a shutdown issue that forced me to uninstall it . Everything worked great for the first few weeks , the live updates worked perfect , and I thought I had a winner here , but then problems . I mailed Symantec and they explained that my shutdown issue was not known to them , and directed me to downloads.microsoft.com to look for a download to resolve my computer hanging up at the shutdown command . Finally I just uninstalled the firewall , and reinstalled , then everything was fine for several weeks , and then back to problems . I 'm running Windows 98SE , and this software wo n't work on my machine .
 I 've been using Norton products for long time -LRB- over 15 years -RRB- , here 's some comments to share :1 . If you have DSL/Cable -LRB- for $ 30 per month it 's worth to think about it -RRB- , you need both software -LRB- Personal Firewall -RRB- and hardware -LRB- router -RRB- to protect your system . It 's not a 100 % safe , of course . No router ? Then get one -LRB- as low as 20 bucks -RRB- even you have only one computer .2 . Setup is easy , most functions are self-explained . I never needed to read the manual -LRB- it 's good thing , right ? -RRB- .3 . I 'm using HP 2.4 GHz / WinXP -LRB- desktop , others laptops using Win2K -RRB- , everything -LRB- until now -RRB- is ok . I installed McAfee firewall -LRB- come w / VirusScan 7.0 -RRB- before but it 's changed my DHCP setting -LRB- assigned different IP instead of my original one -RRB- and screw up my home network , lots of hazard and lost time ... so I stay with Norton .4 . New software usually do n't run well with old software -LRB- like Win98 -RRB- w / little memory even they claim their products are fully compatiable . If you 're using Windows , no reason not to upgrade to at least 2000 version ... to save you countless hours for system maintenance .5 . Some -LRB- Many ? -RRB- people said Norton products slow the system performance . I do n't feel this way , for me it 's acceptable . Many magazines have performance reports available , so check by yourself to decide which is best for you . RAM is so cheap today -LRB- I added one DDR PC2100 256Mb to my system less than $ 16 , work perfect ... & I found this price is still too high ... -RRB- , what do you want me to say ? 6 . Take care the Rebates for Norton by yourself , make copies to keep record . They 're slow and do n't inform you the progress -- bad service . Email them to ask if the money do n't come within the reasonable time .
 I bought the Firewall 2003 with the Norton Anti virus professional Edition 2003 and they both work so well together ! I can use my Firewall to operate my Antivirus and everything . I had no problems installing this Firewall and it runs smoothly like a charm . If you 're having problems with Installation just disable Windows XP firewall , but I do n't know , I have Zone Alarm -LRB- basic -RRB- installed in my computer and even they work pretty good together with no problems with the installments . I just installed it , downloaded my Live updates , and everything was fine ! I have heard some people say they have had a hard time getting on the internet after installation here 's a hint
 I was a former user of McAfee Firewall , but it never worked for me unless I told it to block all traffic . Norton Firewall was easy to set up and its already blocked two trojan horse attacks on my computer.In my opinion , if you use a cable or DSL modem you ca n't go wrong with Norton Personal Firewall to protect your computer .
 If you are on broadband , you really should have a firewall for your protection and nothing I 've seen or used works as well as Norton 's Personal Firewall . Absolutely no problems with installation and very user-friendly . I highly recommend this product and Norton Anti-Virus - they work wonderfully together , they are easy to install and offer a superior internet protection to comparable products . This product works very well with Windows XP .
 I recently got a cable modem so my PC is always connected to the internet . I was having problems with people accessing my PC and randomly installing programs ... scary ! A friend of mind suggested Norton Personal Firewall so I bought it . It 's easy to use and it 's 100 % customizable and user friendly . I was also pleasantly surprised that it has a pop up blocker . It works perfectly . Since installing the program I have n't had any attacks on my PC nor have I had issues with annoying popup ads .
 I recently acquired cable internet service , so a firewall was absolutely essential . I 've been using Norton Personal Firewall 2003 for several months now , and I 'm happy with it . I 've been using Norton products for years , and I 'll keep coming back as long as they maintain the quality they are known for .
 Norton Firewall is an excellent piece of software that any computer should have . No matter if you use Dial Up or Broadband , this is what you need to get to make sure nobody gets a hold of your personal information.Not only will it take care of the hacker situation , it will block the pop up ads . When I bought this Firewall , I thought it would be too good to be true . Well , it is n't . I have not seen one pop up add except for one that Kazaa seems to always sneak in . It 's simply amazing , and it 's worth buying it just for that . You wo n't have to worry about your kids seeing inappropriate pop up ads , and your computer will run a lot faster since it does n't have to deal with them.I have not had any problem with updating it either . Everything seems to work perfectly afterwards.It 's especially useful if you download music or movies . Hackers generally use these programs as avenues to get into your computer , and I know that I have been saved many times because of the Firewall . Yes , it can be a nuisance sometimes when nobody is actually hacking , but I 'd rather have the occasional annoyance and still have the peace of mind it 's there.Also , the rebates came back in about 8 weeks , which is normal . Many people get impatient , but this is common for ANY company , not just Symantec . Most rebates have to go through a central location , and this is what makes it take an eternity.Personal Firewall is a fantastic program that I highly recommend for any computer user , no matter the type of connection you use . With the Ad Blocker , it 's really a no brainer . 5 Stars
 So far so good . Keeps my pc very secure with the latest updates . I do n't beleive in anything but Norton all the way .
 I do n't know how many times I have been sent viruses over the last year , but it would have to be nearly a 1000 . If you use email like I do , you are definitely no stranger to viruses that lurk around every corner in cyberspace . Norton saved me plenty of times and the 40 or so dollars you spend on this product is worth its cost 50 times that because of what a virus can do to a computer without you knowing it . If I did n't have this software , who knows how much I would had to have spent fixing my system.Norton is probably the premier choice when it comes to anti-virus software . I 've experimented with others and find this company to offer the best and most easy to use system . 2003 is not too different from 2002 as everything is basically the same . The layout menu has slightly changed -LRB- more so in color -RRB- , but everything is the same . Newer virus definitions have been added and the update feature is easy to use and navigate . Norton makes their software easy to configure unlike their competitors which I find handy especially when I want to tell the system what I want it to do instead of the software telling me what to do . You ca n't go wrong with Norton !
 The ad blocking is incredible , I had Norton Firewall installed for about 20 minutes and 40 + ads have been blocked . The other features are awesome as well . `` 2 very enthusiastic thumbs up '' .
 If you ca n't afford or do n't want to get VPN FireWall -LSB- Hardware Firewall -RSB- , this is your second best choice software -LSB- Easy to install and Use -RSB- . My computer was a target for hackers a few times and Norton Firawall/Internet Security Block all traffic and even tracked down my hackers . Works Great !!!
 A victim of a malicious hacker , I was quickly propelled into the world of internet security . This review is intended for those among you who , like me , do n't know a broadband router from a toaster -LRB- and am NOT proud of it ! -RRB- . The reviews of this product by consumers were enormously helpful to me , and ultimately gave me the confidence to purchase the product . I was nervous after reading several reviews which described difficulties with respect to web access and so on , to the extent of having to uninstall it -LRB- and by those who knew what they were doing -RRB- . And so I embarked on the project with no small trepidation . Well , the installation went flawlessly , with no help from me . And now the software runs seamlessly , invisibly , and trouble-free on my platform -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- . I 've been using it for a month and have encountered no difficulties whatsoever . And it 's remarkably effective at blocking pop-ups/unders , cookies , banners etc. in addition to the protection affored against those pathetic miscreants who would do us harm . I could n't feel more secure.Again , for those with no technical background like myself , I recommend my setup - a D-Link Ethernet Broadband Router -LRB- which I stuck in the loop in 2 minutes -LRB- no software or other challenges -RRB- combined with Norton 's Personal Firewall 2003 - if I can install this setup with no worries , ANYONE can ! Trust me.Thanks to all who reviewed this product -LRB- the good and the bad reviews -RRB- - they were a great help to me . Be safe out there amigos .
 I went without a firewall for a long time and thought I was relatively safe , but after awhile my computer started doing things it did n't do before . Anti-virus programs are not enough to prevent access to your system.When I installed this , it was easy and it automatically integrated with my existing anti-virus program -LRB- I have the Norton anti-virus package -RRB- and love it.The program runs without interfering with your system and when something attempts to access it , the firewall notifies you of the attempt while blocking it . It then asks you what to do with it . I was soon surprised how often hostile programs actually tried to enter my system and now wonder how much stuff got in before I installed this program.I would recommend that you look into other programs that scan your system for hostile programs and fixes them for you -LRB- I have Spybot - Search and Destroy , available free -RRB- . I highly recommend this product for anyone who uses the internet .
 Ghost2003 is great -LRB- ! -RRB- - the newest Ghost9 can be bought separately & integrated
 The newest version installed and came up operating like a charm . The anti-virus , disk optimization , windows system fix , and ghosting of the disk all worked flawlessly . Symantec seems to have ironed out the kinks in previous versions of this package . This was installed under Windows XP with service pack 1 .
 It works great , and if you have a new Norton anti-virus , it also updates automatically when you install the software .
 For all you folks having problems with this software , first disable go back especially if you are running winme or disable the restore function in winme they fight each other for control.Second for all NT kernels disable the Norton protection program in utilities . Nprotect and ghost startsystem will fight with the explorer shell for control and hang up in a mobius loop until one or the other times out if you do n't the system has to try and start about 20 times before it gives up takes average machine about 10 or 20 minutes to boot once it hangs.If you just disable these two functions everything else will probably function fine.Also in Symantecs last ccapp update for windows 98 it caused systems to hang up indefinitely as soon as you tried to access the Internet . However as near as I can tell they have finally fixed whatever was blowing up the CcApp program.As most of the people around here who have 98 and have been beating me over the head wanting to know why their computers had hung no longer have the problem , Once I stopped the CcApp update.As of last night I reenabled it in Symantecs latest download and all the machines seemed to come up Ok.Actually once you figure these problems out it really is a very good utility suite especially the Anti Virus and Ghost functions
 love norton systemworks 2003 professional edition . used on my other computer too . i recieved the new one today and well i couldnt install the utilites part of it i use that the most also could not install WinDoctor ... . well all in all its worth having and reccomend it to anyone . . just hope i can fix the problem first thank you . .
 I do n't understand what all the fuse about is . Symantec products have always worked great for me . I have a -LSB- messed -RSB- up computer too . They always top McAfee .
 cd qtly is good , fast delivery and works great
 As a past Norton Antivirus and Utilities Owner as well as a former System Works owner I am much impressed with the smooth way in which norton has integrated their systems . System Works Professional comes along way from the shell that once just launched the diagnostic programs , now they all look and act as if they are the same utility . I had gone away from Norton for a while because of constraints on money , but when my free virus scanner from AVG began to show it wasnt as advanced as Norton I came home again . System Works Professional Has everything you need to schedule and run maintainanence on your system . I would highly recommend this program to anyone who desires to have a program take the headaches out of windows error checking and maintennance .
 ... from the very first edition right up to Suite 7 , I think it was.By then they had dropped FirstAid -LRB- similar to Norton 's WinDoctor -RRB- from their suite and came out with very buggy upgrades -LRB- which their tech support could never solve -RRB- . So , I switched to Norton SystemWorks and have run it flawlessly through several computer and OS upgrades -LRB- I build my own computers -RRB- . I like it so much that I have upgraded versions several times and I have purchased enough copies to run on all of my computers.As for the guy with the Gateway -- that may be the problem . Every time I bought something for my Gateway that was not made especially for Gateway , I had trouble of some kind . In fact , my Gateway experience was so infuriating that I actually learned to build my own computers just so I would never have to deal with a computer company again.Also , he is running Windows Me . What a lethal combination ! If the machine is n't incompatible with the new software , then Me is!As for bloatware , anyone who owns Windows -LRB- including me -RRB- has no right to complain about bloatware . We reward the bloatware trend every time we buy Windows.Anyway , I am knowledgeable enough to maintain my own computer but why bother when I can do it all from within one program?Rodney
 I recently purchased Norton Systemworks 2003 Professional Edition . I never used any Systemworks product before , but I have been using Norton Internet Security 2002 and 2003 for 2 years . Those two are great products . I thought maybe Systemworks 2003 could help me , and it did , somewhat at least . This comes with Roxio Go Back Personal Edition . It has to be installed separately . I recommend installing everything that comes with Systemworks -LRB- except anti virus if you already have it installed -RRB- except for Roxio Go Back . My computer is very fast , and has gotten a bit faster because of system works . I am very computer savvy , yet there were still some errors with my machine that were fixed by System works . However , it really started lagging once Go Back was installed . It would process something -LRB- the light would go on and make computer noises -RRB- about every 5 seconds , which alerted me that something was wrong . But I uninstalled it and everything went great . The problem was n't Systemworks 2003 ; it was Go Back.In conclusion , I suggest you buy this product if you really do n't know how to speed up your computer or if you use it a lot and files are very messy because of Peer 2 Peer services and such . Do not install Go Back b/c it will make your computer lag . Anyway , why install it when you have Norton Ghost included with Systemworks Pro ? Ghost is good , but it takes about 2 hours to back up a hard drive of which only 17 GB has been used -LRB- Have plenty of CD-Rs ready -RRB- . Oh yeah , also make sure you read which CD-RW drives are compatible with Ghost on the Symantec website . Mine was n't listed , but one from the same company -LRB- Lite-on-it -RRB- was listed , which was barely different -LRB- maybe just one letter in the version -RRB- . In the end , my CD-RW drive was compatible . I really really suggest you use Ghost if you have a DVD burner . DVD 's can hold so much data -LRB- almost 4 GB -RRB- that you will not have to use a lot of DVD 's , which can be annoying . In addition , if you take pretty good care of your computer and you know what 's going on with all the files and stuff , I do n't think that you should get Systemworks 2003 . You can do most of the stuff it does with regular windows tools -LRB- defragmenter , backup -LRB- if you have XP Pro -RRB- , ... -RRB- . But if you really need help cleaning up the clutter on your computer , then get it . I hope this review was helpful .
 Overall , the product performs very well . However , I do n't know if it is a good investment , because it is very similar to the 2000 product , in that I can do almost the same with the old programs as I can with the new one.I think I should have waited for a newer version , or at least researched this one more thoroughly.It does have some newer utilities , and it seems to run much better fully installed than the older version .
 This upgrade was valuable to me because of the improvements in Ghost , especially with ntfs and Linux . I also like the fact that you can now launch ghost backups from XP . Other than that it seems to be identical to last year 's .
 The program seems to function as promised with W2k SP-3 . 5 stars for the One button '' checkup . However I lost many hours -LRB- days ? -RRB- trying to figure out why Word print and `` save-as '' were being blocked . Solution
 I always enjoy the latest version of systemworks . In this case 2003 professional.New interface and a few new things.Easy install -LRB- and if necessary , easy removal -RRB- . Anti virus has saved me a few times , by catching incoming email and deleting the virus attachment before any damage could be done.SERVER NOTE
 I love a challenge , and this gives one ! There are still a few levels I 'm having trouble with ! Plus , it was a real deal
 My family uses Mac G4 & G5 computers all running OS 10.4.11 and both these games run flawlessly on them - I ca n't speak for the intel Macs , but the box says they will run on those too.Primarily I was looking for a `` non-shooter '' game that would interest my 11yo son . He does enjoy this game and has worked on it every day since we bought it . It is fast paced and just difficult enough to provide a challenge without any blood and gore . I know he wo n't love it forever , but I think it is one of those games that can be revisited over time and seem fresh again.I played it myself and I am currently stuck on level 2/8 -LRB- sigh -RRB- ... but I am having fun with it too.I do prefer DinerDash 2 over the original , but they are both good games.These are a fun light diversion that does not require a huge time commitment to play - plus the price is wonderful ... 2 games for the price of one.I am planning to purchase more games from this company .
 I first tried Diner Dash online for free . I got tired of having to see the commercials after every two games so I ordered it . It 's very addictive . I have to go online and get tips for winning some of the levels . I have n't gotten to Diner Dash 2 yet , but I think getting two for one is a great deal .
 Having a small child care business at home often provides challenges when coming up with ideas to occupy children - especially on rainy days . This computer games has offered kids from 5 to 13 hours of fun -LRB- and relaxation -RRB- . I recommend it , and so do my kids .
 My son introduced me to a free trial of Diner Dash online . I was addicted within 2 days ! I had to have it ! Amazon.com had a great deal ! I suggest Diner Dash to start with and as you get better proceeding to Diner Dash 2 . It 's GREAT fun !!
 My son really wanted to play this game . He enjoys the challenge of trying to serve quickly .
 Fun Game for all . Software is for mac/pc . The kids like it a lot .
 I bought this for my 13 year old niece who was addicted to the online game . We 've played several times together and it is so much fun ! The more you play , the more you want to play . Good , clean video game fun - finally !
 great game if you like these types of games.i can play this game for hours.really .
 I got this as a gift for my girlfriend , who had tried the demo 's and really liked them . This is a great buy and is almost guaranteed fun for any and everyone !
 I am a big fan of Diner Dash and although I enjoyed Diner Dash 2 more they both are great games and easy to learn . The levels do get pretty tough and become challenging which can be great fun for some and frustrating for others . All in all , a great buy and great entertainment .
 I am still playing this game almost everyday along with my son . We enjoy it greatly . I would recomend this game .
 My family and I compete against one another to see whole can play the longest . It is so much fun . I look forward to playing games like this one .
 I love both Diner Dash 1 and 2 . Ca n't wait 'til I get Flo on the Go and Diner Dash Hero . Keep em coming !
 I have used Smartdraw for several years and have used three different versions starting with V5 . As a long time user it is my opinion that this software ca n't be beat for the variety of drawings it can do , the ability to export in a wide variety of formats , and the quality of the final output . As for comments made by users who only used it for a couple of days , you should really not render such biting opinions of something you have n't had time to get to know . The complaints voiced by others are quickly and easily addressed in the options and functions provied in the program . Lines can snap to grid , straight every time . Output can be printed on large format printers or scaled to ANY size paper . The templates and object libraries are extensive and allow you to add your own custom created objects with a simple mouse drag.Bottom line , it works fantastic and gets better with every release , and every release I spend a couple of dedicated hours exploring the interface and learning the new features . Just because you did n't take the time to learn to use a program does n't make it bad software ! Try it on a trial , and if you like it , buy it , and learn it .
 This software is relied upon by many healthcare professionals . It is complete and accurate with up-to-date information.There are eight databases included : - Alternative Medicine -- medications are grouped by generic and trade name and also by medication class - Calculators -- easily calculate BMI , conversions , creatinine clearance , IV rate , etc. - Disease -- enter a disease and get the definition , medical history , findings , tests , differential diagnosis and treatment - Drugs -- look up by generic/trade name or drug class . Get adult/pediatric dosing , dose adjustments and indications , contraindications/warnings , interactions , adverse effects , drug name info , mechanism of action , administration , monitoring , how supplied , clinical teaching - Interactions -- enter a list of medications and view any possible interactions . Interactions are rated on severity , onset and evidence . - Lab Advisor -- gives general information and test definition , synonyms , reference range and indications - My Alerts -- FDA alerts - Toxicology -- overdose information showing clinical effects , treatment and range of toxicityEasy to use and packed full of information , this software outperforms all competitors.My only caveat is to make sure your system has enough memory to run the program . Running it off a memory card is very s-l-o-o-w . My Tungsten E2 could run it s-l-o-o-w-l-y . It works just fine on my Palm T/X . In fact , one of the reasons I got the T/X was so that I could run Micromedex .
 I absolutely love this video and all of Dancing for Him 's resources ! There is so much information in all of her books and videos . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Shows the basics of hi/low card counting and simpliflys it , so its easy to understand
 Illustrator is a solid vector graphics program but in my opinion slightly over-rated . It is n't as good as Freehand or CorelDraw -LRB- but this version certainly closed the gap -RRB- . Many of the `` new features '' are n't so new . For example , transparancy and soft drop shadows -LRB- a couple of features that were n't in the previous version -RRB- have both been around for several years/versions of both Freehand or CorelDraw . If you are aspiring to be a graphic designer dealing with print graphics , you definitely should learn this program . It is the industry standard -LRB- required for most print graphic jobs -RRB- , and , as history shows , no matter how far the technology falls behind it will stay the industry standard.If you do n't want to become a professional designer but need a good drawing program , take a look at CorelDraw -- you get way more bang for your buck , besides it 's more intuitive/easier to learn.For web graphics Freehand may be the better choice -LRB- it works better with Dreamweaver & Flash -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong , Illustrator is a very good product and this is a good upgrade -LRB- I frequently use it in my work -RRB- , but unlike Photoshop , it is n't the hands down best product of its type as other reviewers may lead you to believe .
 Who can deny Adobe 's firm hold on the digital graphics field ? Illustrator 9 gives us more web tailored options , brushes , layer options and gradient possibilities . It 's flexibility is unmatched , allowing unlimited choices for text presentation and integration . I 'm glad Adobe is finally beginning to catch up to Macromedia in the Web integration field . Illustrator 9 allows you to save for the web , a lovely feature.Illustraor is not exactly an easy program , but it 's made for professionals and man , does it deliver !
 Illustrator 9.0 is one of the best and biggest up grades in the software that I 've seen in a long time . The transpancy feature alone is a great feature and is worth it 's weight in gold . The ability to add soft drop shadows and glows is a blessing in disguise . Adobe does it again and then takes it a step further by bringing Illustrator 's graphic features closer to that of Photoshop 's .
 If you like to create logo 's and illustrations , you owe it to yourself to purchase this program . Ever wonder how people create those crisp , sharpe looking logo 's ? Well many designers use this program . It is extremly easy to use . It comes with a second cd full of tutorials and help files that will answer any questions that you may have while you are creating . You wo n't be sorry once you start trying this program out . I 'm sure you 'll fall in love with it .
 Most of the features here echo Illustrator 8 . There have been some minor enhancements , but perhaps not enough to warrant an update at this point . It is , of course , the premiere vector drawing program . If you do n't use it , you 're using something lesser .
 I have used a version of Illustrator since the first one in 1988 . Every subsequent version just keeps getting better . I love the new transparency effects and the interconnectivity with web graphics . The primary engine for Illustrator is now based on PDF but I really wish it was more stable . I sometimes get the annoying and certainly cryptic `` PDF is having trouble saving the file '' . The workaround for that is to save as an older version but I am looking forward to 10.0 .
 Adobe Illustrator 9.0 surpassed my expectations with regard to my feature ` wish-list '' . The tools and application are oriented to web design which assist me in quickly determining the appropriate look I 'm trying to achieve . The tools and interface function identically to Photoshop which is a tremendous help for me . I rate the updgrade as a 5-star release ! Great work Adobe , and I recommend the upgrade , -LRB- or purchase -RRB- !
 This has truly amazing options and capabilities . It does much more than competing products .
 The product is simple to use and operates at various levels of data recovery . My recovery required the most intensive effort but almost all data were recovered even though the SD card had been reformatted . Those pictures that had been overwritten were not recoverable , through no fault of this excellent product.I highly recommend it for image recovery from a digital camera card .
 the learning curve is a little steep for topo usa , but certainly do-able . i really like the profile feature . it is quite useful if you pull a trailer . you can easily see the steep grades . i still prefer ms trips and trips -LRB- ver . 2004 -RRB- to plan routes , and topo usa to review the route .
 If what you 're looking for is a program that gives you topography for any linear distance shown on the map , this is THE program to use . This program is very nicely organized and provides ease of access to most everyone . I use this program to obtain elevation profiles on long distance bike rides and have found this extremely useful in terms of planning how far & where I choose to go . The elevation profile feature is something unique to Topo USA , as Garmin MapSource TOPO and Microsoft Streets & Trips lacks these features . Highly recommended if you 're planning an outdoor trip !!!
 This is a good software for casual use -LRB- hiking , biking , geocaching -RRB- , but not without issues . On the positive side , it definitely beats all non-digital -LRB- scanned USGS maps -RRB- alternatives . The level of details is good enough -LRB- how many of us need to know topography down to 5 feet ? -RRB- . The fact that maps are digitally generated -LRB- with vectors I believe -RRB- makes all the labels clear at any scale . It has two advantages over its main `` digital '' competitor , NG Topo . First , all of the US is on one DVD for the price of separate state/region CDs from NG . And second , it is available . I could not even find NG 's Northeast edition anywhere on the web ! One might think NH and ME are some obscure corners of the globe and not big tourist destinations.Now the few negatives . The Exchange feature with GPS is flaky . Sometimes it takes several tries of unplugging and replugging the cable and restarting the program before it recognizes my Garmin . Part of it could be that low and mid range GPS still have serial connection and are not truly plug-and-play even with COM-to-USB adapter -LRB- beats me why Garmin ca n't make all their GPS with USB in this day and age -RRB- . In any case , regardless of whose fault it is , it is annoying at times not to be able to connect the two smoothly.The second problem I noticed was with the 3-D window . It clearly consumes a lot of memory and crashes my laptop if I do a lot of rapid rescaling . I ended up just closing that window , since it is pretty much for `` coolness '' and does not add any real topographical value.Finally , I had a problem with Delorme 's service . I purchased it from Amazon with a rebate offer . However , a month after submitting the necessary info I received a card from Delorme stating that the bar code I sent was not a UPC code . The box only had one bar code on it so I am not sure how I could have made a mistake . They requested that I send a correct one , but with the code cut out and gone , how do they expect me to come up with one ?! I feel a little bit like that was a cheap way out of paying the rebate but $ 20 is not worth the time arguing with them over it . I would be interested to hear if anyone else experienced the same problem .
 ... what it does it does pretty well . Seriously , though , I have found this to be a great software package for exploring areas I 've never been . It took me a little longer to figure out the user interface than , say , Google Earth , but it did n't take very long . And , once I got the hang of it it was very usable.This package is feature rich and sometimes it took me a little while to find the function I was looking for , but once I figured it out it all made sense . For example , navigation seemed awkward at first , but within a few minutes it became very comfortable and efficient . And each new feature took me a few minutes to find the first time , but within a short time it felt very natural.I have n't tried using some of the more advanced features yet , but everything I 've used so far has been outstanding . Well worth my money .
 Illustrator is a solid vector graphics program but in my opinion slightly over-rated . It is n't as good as Freehand or CorelDraw -LRB- but this version certainly closed the gap -RRB- . Many of the `` new features '' are n't so new . For example , transparancy and soft drop shadows -LRB- a couple of features that were n't in the previous version -RRB- have both been around for several years/versions of both Freehand or CorelDraw.If you are aspiring to be a graphic designer dealing with print graphics , you definitely should learn this program . It is the industry standard -LRB- required for most print graphic jobs -RRB- , and , as history shows , no matter how far the technology falls behind it will stay the industry standard.If you do n't want to become a professional designer but need a good drawing program , take a look at CorelDraw -- you get way more bang for your buck , besides it 's more intuitive/easier to learn.For web graphics Freehand may be the better choice -LRB- it works better with Dreamweaver & Flash -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong , Illustrator is a very good product and this is a good upgrade -LRB- I frequently use it in my work -RRB- , but unlike Photoshop , it is n't the hands down best product of its type as other reviewers may lead you to believe .
 Adobe 's Illustrator 9 has made some smart leaps in Vector Graphic Design with its new Illustrator 9.0 . For years Adobe has been the industry standard in graphic design software , and Illustrator 9 helps Adobe to stay on top . New support for Flash and SVG help make Illustrator a standard and a Must Have for any Graphics Professional.Adobe 's intuitive user interface helps the newest of users learn the fundamentals of Computer Graphic Illustration . Along with Illustrator 9 any new user should get Adobes Illustrator 9 Classroom in a Book . The book will walk you step by step showing you the basics of Computer Graphic Illustration , beginning , intermediate and some advanced features that Adobe Illustrator 9 has to offer.A Must Buy !
 If you 're wanting to pursue a career in graphic design or would just like to dabble , Adobe Illustrator is one of the most basic tools you will use ! The program itself is not difficult to understand or learn , besides there are many books to help people who ca n't seem to make the program work ! Almost all of the job opportunities in the graphic design field require basic knowledge of Adobe Illustrator .
 I am a digital graphics designer/printer here in Orlando FL . I have worked with many professional designers and firms . Although Corel and Freehand are being used often , Illustrator is still the industry 's standard for ALL professional studios . Especially for digital/prepress printing , stick with Illustrator . Corel causes a lot of problems in Raster image processing / digital printing . Most of the tools in corel and freehand can create pretty cool effects , but it will not print properly and slow your CPU ! If you ever worked for a professional large format print company , you will findout why Illustrator is the best . In Illustrator , it is like walking and running . But in Corel , it is like walking on your hands . If you are a good designer and know how to use your tools , 50 % of features in corel will never be used . Illustrator can do it all . btw , the software interface design in Illustrator is more efficient and logical comparing to corel and others . The software seems a bit faster . As far as the ICC and CMS management system , it just does not work !! So do n't bother ! Even QuarkXpress ca n't manage ICC .
 I 've used CorelDRAW and FreeHand , but they do n't even come close to the power and ease of use of Illustrator 9.0 . From the logical menu organization and palette arrangement to the ability to change the appearance of artwork * without changing the artwork itself * , Illustrator 9 is the * only * tool you 'll need for creating web graphics . Add Photoshop , and you 've got the ultimate high-end studio for both print and web .
 If you like to create logo 's and illustrations , you owe it to yourself to purchase this program . Ever wonder how people create those crisp , sharpe looking logo 's ? Well many designers use this program . It is extremly easy to use . It comes with a second cd full of tutorials and help files that will answer any questions that you may have while you are creating . You wo n't be sorry once you start trying this program out . I 'm sure you 'll fall in love with it .
 The most important change to Illustrator 9 is its ability to work with web design projects.Illustrator 9 combines illustration tools with improved typographic control and image support.Why Trade Up to Adobe Illustrator 9.0 ? Graphic artists using Illustrator 9 now have the ability to work their web design projects in unison with Photoshop 6 . Adobe Illustrator 9 offers them a bundle of new features : Pixel Preview commandWeb safe colors when working in RGB modeWeb OptimizationRelease to Layers commandSimplify Command ; andEffects menu.Who Uses Adobe Illustrator?New Transparency Palette . Adobe illustrator 9 introduces the new Transparency palette . You can now apply varying levels of transparency to any object , bitmap or type character.You can apply transparency to layers , groups of objects , knockout shapes , stroke and fill . Also , you can create special effects , such as confining blending to a group of objects . Now , graphic artist can create graduated transparencies on blends.New FeaturesSeveral new features in Illustrator 9.0 will be familiar to veteran Adobe Photoshop users : The new real-time transparency effects . -LRB- There is a new tab on the Stroke and gradient dialog , with a slider . -RRB- Select an object , slide the transparency value to 80 percent and the objects beneath it show through . You can move the transparent object at will.New Styles PaletteApply drop shadows , glows , scribbled outline effects or dozens of other visual effects to any object or text . The text remains fully editable.The Layers functions are useful to web designers using Adobe Illustrator 9 for improving their drawings.The new release Layers to Flash function allows Illustrator 9 to be used to produce morphing object and animation effects.Pixel Preview Mode and Save for Web DialogPixels are now supported as a measurement method . The new Pixel Preview mode allows you to preview your vector objects as they would appear in a web browser . Objects snap to the nearest pixel edge in the document.This allows you to preview up to four different optimization settings for output to either JPEG , GIF , PNG-8 or PNG-24 format files . Now , you can adjust the resulting image quality , file size , blur , number of colors in the image.Use the release to Layers feature in Illustrator 9 . You can take all the objects in a given layer and assign each object its own layer which is useful for web animation.Pro CommentsNoted are Adobe Illustrator 9 new Opacity masks , Layer Clipping masks and Feathering functions , and overprint preview.Excellent hardcopy manual for learning how to use Adobe Illustrator 9 comes with the program . -LRB- No Missing Manual -RRB- Adobe Illustrator 9 has True transparency effects , styles palette and improved Flash support . Pixels can now be specified as a global measurement unit for sizing , editing , and laying out artwork.Con Comments Noted was the missing companion CD with Adobe Illustrator graphics that comes standard with Adobe Pagemaker Plus application.Also , I noted that some of the Selection tools can be confusing . I found that Masking tool some times flattens layers.Final NotesEvery day over one million men and women use Adobe Illustrator . Adobe Illustrator continues to provide the touch-and-feel tools you need to create brochures , video artwork and web pages . Plus , it 's used for making packaging , ads and editorial spreads.Adobe Illustrator 9 offers graphic artist and web designers more flexibility , better integration , along with new object effects .
 For those of you who design graphics , webpages , presentations , publications , or just enjoy working with a great piece of drawing software , Adobe Illustrator is for you . Adobe Illustrator gives you fine precision over your artwork , so that you can truly make it your own . Using Adobe Illustrator , you will be able to work in the developing field of vector graphics , a great enhancement . Vector graphics are great , because if you need to stretch or skew a picture a vector graphic will remain crisp and sharp around the edges unlike more traditional bitmap style images . You can also save your graphics in the SVG format for use on your webpages . This will help to ensure that your graphic always looks the way that you intended it to . In addition , Adobe Illustrator works amazingly well with other Adobe products -LRB- such as Acrobat -RRB- so you should have a smooth transition between products . If you are used to using Adobe products , you will also feel very comfortable in the environment of Illustrator , which is very much like that of other Adobe products . Where I can see some problems , is for those of you interested in a simple graphics program without all of the bells and whistles . This program is NOT for you . This program can be a bit complicated at first , but is well worth learning for all of the advanced features . This is a product that you can learn to use well , and when you do you will have a VERY powerful graphics development application at your side .
 This is by far the best graphics software available . New improvements to the basic drawing tools , as well as special effects that allow you to change everything to exactly what you imagine combine to produce a fantastic application . Not just the industry standard , but in a class by itself .
 I pretty good upgrade . I like the export of flash files and other web-related enhancements . There is only one competitor out there
 I must say Adobe makes fine Products and this is one of them , I love it.This program is a Fantastic program !!
 I have n't explored all of the features yet , and may never use many of them . I bought it specifically for cycling use , planning routes , estimating distances and climbs , that sort of thing.I 've found the program pretty intuitive , I 've only gotten into the help files a couple of times , and have found what I was looking for . So far , so good . I have not had any serious problems setting up routes , and the distances and climbing totals have so far been almost dead on when matched against my cyclocomputer.Occasionally when a lot of turns in a short distance are plotted , the software will re-route , requiring you to go back and add waypoints in at mid-points . I 've also found places where I 've had to add in roads . In one case it was a significant 4 lane route that 's been open for about 10 years , and in another case it was a leg of a major state road that splits into 2 one-way sections going through town , been that way for at least the 30 years I can remember . The changes were fairly easy to make , but paper maps of the areas show them correctly.Overall I love the program .
 I 'm a backpacker and this is all that I need to hit the trails . Not as intuitive as I would like , but then it does so much for the money .
 Just what I expected , precise recognition.Use it to load paper generated excel charts and recognize same , then manipulate them electronically. ,
 I had Purchased OmniPage 14 previously and had some problems with my computer and needed the Disk but could not find it so I looked to see if it was available online and did not expect to find it as I knew much newer versions were available . THANK YOU for the person who had a brand New Copies Available . I am just to familuar with this version and did not want to get a newer versions as sometimes they do not do what you expect them to do and sometimes older is better , just like wine .
 The previous 3 reviews show why Amazon is cracking down on planted comments by competing vendors . The facts - OmniPage 14 was reviewed by PC Mag and C | Net in independent comparisons to others - including Abbyy -LRB- referenced below -RRB- . In all cases OmniPage 14 won the highest rating possible and Editors Choice - again in an independent review.What does a competing product have to do with ScanSoft support ? OmniPage 12 is over 3 years old - OmniPage 14 is the most recent release . Is it a suprise that XP needs patches to work with an older product ? OmniPage supports creating PDF - the other does n't - yet you think the other is better at PDF?If you are going to plant a review , at least do n't turn it into an ad for a competing product . OmniPage has been independently named the best OCR on the planet .
 You ca n't go wrong with this sofwtare , it 's the best of its category . It blows away Abby and IRIS softwares technologies and capabilities .
 This is a good product but forget about getting any available service packs from Scansoft and they wo n't help you . They also bury postings in the online help community if they are negative . The online knowledge help system is a joke . The company seems to be ` dead ' to helping customers . I can see why Microtek scanner company dumped Scansoft to favor Abbey Fine Reader for bundled software . Wish I would have gone with Abbey instead . An important item with version 14 is the PDF tool . It is completely useless . You can not get control of any fonts and the unicode or multinational font driver is 16 bit and wo n't do most of the characters . Trying any advertised acrobatics with a PDF is hopeless and security ? none . Someone at Scansoft referred me to Digital River where it was bought via Scansoft online store to get help and Digital River simply ignores your request , and not only that their system retains email address use to buy it even if it changed and you can not update it . They ` say ' their response will go to dead email address . Looks like money rules to hell with the users . -LRB- This review is about the flagship OmniPage Pro 14 Office . -RRB- Addendum
 I used this at my church , and am definately looking at this for my own personal ministry . Sure beats powerpoint , and any other worship program out there ... . this is a must if you plan on integrating video with you slides.In fact this program is so great , I would use this for presentations outside of church as well -LRB- one script with everything , and it even imports powerpoint presentations into the script -RRB- . A couple of cons :1 . Does not work on mac osx or a virtual machine . if you run it on your mac , you must be in boot camp .2 . make sure you save your script often as you are working on it . i have had the program crash on me a few times when assigning multiple videos within one script .3 . Not sure if it was the computer , but firing a slide with a video , sometimes the video was a couple of seconds slower . this is only an issue , is your slides are specially curiographed and timing with a live band or chior is crucial . After 2 years of working with this software , I knew what to expect and got my timing perfect -LRB- wish the band played the same tempo every time though ... -RRB- Other than that - this product is total awesome . probably the best presentation software around . It is a shame that this is realy only advertised to the church market . This would have a definate place in business to as the ability to have multiple videos , and video as a backdrop to multiple slides is awesome .
 I would recommend this product to any church that wants to use graphics and videos as part of their sermons or Praise and Worship ministry . It 's easy to learn and use and can run many different formats of videos . It 's great .
 My daughter introduced me to Homestead after she had used the product . I am not that into computers much beyond email , but I thought I could have a Web site for my class . After playing with the product and all its features , I realized that a Web site could be as simple as clicking my mouse ! I had a site within hours . The great thing is , anytime I have a new idea about design or there is new information to put on the site -- I can do it myself ! No need for an expensive Web designer . I can also make changes and save them without publishing to the Internet . This is helpful as it allows me to make changes and updates when its convenient for me . This is a great product !
 I was able to build my own professional looking website in one afternoon ! I added my personal web address -LRB- that is included with Homestead Professional -RRB- to all of my business cards and marketing materials . My clients can now get all of the information they need quickly and hassle free . They can even order my products directly from my website ! I have increased my possible client base to the entire nation whereas before , it was just my hometown .
 I just bought this software and was pleasantly surprised with how easy it was to use and the extensive features that came bundled with it . Much cheaper then something like FrontPage or Dreamweaver . It also has an e-commerce package bundled in called StoreSense and an integrated payment gateway and merchant processing from Paymentech.Great solution overall and I would highly recommend it .
 I 've been using Homestead since February 2000 and Homestead Professional since May 2001 . I found it extremely easy to learn and use.I created an entire web site with over 8 pages using their software.I added my own photos and use graphics from the Homestead Site Builder.The instructions were written for folks like me with very little computer knowledge.I found their support as one of the companies strongest assets . Since I am a novice at computers , I had many questions . They were answered promptly.I highly recommend this company and product .
 I have been using Homestead Professional for months and I have nothing but praise for the site-hosting software . My restaurant 's website is so professional looking you would never guess that I built it myself in a matter of hours.Homestead makes it easy to build a website from scratch . It is like using MSWord or Powerpoint . I just used my company logo , combined with the standard Homestead tools to make my website professional , simple , and easy to navigate . In fact , the Homestead software includes a navigation bar tool . When I want to add a new page to my website I add it once to the navigation bar . Now that new page can be viewed from ALL of my website pages.Check out my website at ... and you will see what I mean .
 I 've looked at a bunch of the services out there -LRB- frontpage , bbedit , etc -RRB- , and Homestead is by far the best option available . Their software is * very * easy to use , and it lets you build a site that almost any web designer would be proud of . The only things you ca n't do are custom flash presentations , but who needs that ? Within a few hours , you can have your site up and running.The best part of Homestead is that they include the hosting , domain name and e-mail addresses all in one package for a very reasonable price .
 The fast way to build a cheap web page and effective ! Anyone that wants the world to know them or their company should consider this a cheap way to work . You save on the web designers fees as well and you can do it WITHOUT HTML !!
 I have been using this product for the past year and would now be lost without it . To promote my business I needed a web site , but did not want to pay anyone to do it for me , mainly because I wanted to be in control of things . After looking at a number of similar packages , all of which made claims that they were quick and easy , I settled with Homestead . It really is quick ! I had a basic site up and running in under an hour . More importantly to me was that the software can be used by a novice computer user . Great value for money too .
 I just found Homestead Professional 6 months ago and have built 2 web sites with it . I was shocked at how easy it was to use ! In just 2 hours , I created a nice looking web site with a photos , a web poll , a guest book and links to other sites . I doubt you can find anything easier to use .
 I 've used Homestead Professional since is came out . I 've been able to turn a hobby into an international store front . Homestead is SIMPLE to use , the results look professional , and it opens lots of doors . I did not want to learn HTML code . Homestead lets you build professional websites with minimal skill required . Everything is there to build an internet storefront . I 'd be lost without it!My `` day off '' hobby has generated enough income to send my wife back to college . It is GREAT .
 It is the best web page software I have ever used . Within an hour , I have created a professional-looking web page for my home business . And now my home business opens 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . If I can do it , anyone can do it . I highly recommend this excellent product . It really delievers its promises -- a professional web site . The best money I have ever spent on internet .
 This product is good match for my needs . Not too complicated with low price to match . I am having much fun with it .
 For the money , this was a great product , at least so far -LRB- I have had it for about 3 months -RRB- . I have n't had any problems with it . I am using it for my school papers and it works great to transfer from computer to computer . It is easy to use and understand . It allows you to just drag files and drop them . It also comes with a longer cord that you plug into the usb port so that it is easier for computers that do n't have a usb port in the front of them . It also comes with McAfee securety which is what I currently use on my computer for virus protection and I love it . It works well .
 I bought this for my 4 year old son . It is one of his favorites . He can design his own automobile , help customers at the service station , and even do crash tests for cars . There are other features of this game , but these are the ones he seems to enjoy the most . We could n't figure out how the service station worked at first . We would go to the station and the attendant would scratch and look around , but nothing would happen . We finally figured out that while you are doing other activities in the program and hear a bell , then you go to the station because you have a customer . There you can change oil , fill up with gasoline , and other repairs . I would recommend this game for children between 3 and 8 , although my 13 year old nephew enjoyed it for a little while himself .
 Tonka Raceway is a challenge , yet a ` blast ' to play ! I have 2 young girls , ages 4 & 5 , and they enjoy selecting one of the Tonka vehicles - designing their own race course - racing on it - then blowing it all up & starting over from scratch !! I say it is a challenge , as it makes kids really think while creating their own courses . You can not build a course that a car could n't race through - you must align the track correctly - and you can put in obstacles too ! Of course if you make a mistake - just lay some dynamite down & blow it up !! There are 30 vehicles to choose from and 4 pre-designed courses ; desert , jungle , countryside , and the frozen tundra , if you prefer not to build your own.I recommend this to all parents of young kids - girls or boys . They 'll spend hours building , racing and blowing it up ! 1smileycat : - -RRB-
 We bought it yesterday . It was suppose to be a Christmas present but my son would not let go of the box . We put it in and he LOVES it . There are seven games but each game has 3 different ways to play it . I think it was worth it . PLUS there are ALOT of pages to print out for the little ones to color on . If your child is a Thomas fan this is a must ! Plus he loved the free train car that came with it .
 I recently purchased this for my son who is 32 months , just a little over 21/2 . He loved the festival car and loves playing with it since it is colored differetly than his other trains . There are a lot of good points to this CD . First , it really has great graphics and helps the kids to use their immaginations . Several days after playing with the CD , my son was oiling and washing Thomas and acting out many of the scenes from the CD . It also helps to teach matching , plus its just all around fun for Thomas fanatics like my son . But , it does have some problems . The graphics for the matching for cranky the crane are too small . You can hardly see them . My son knows all his shapes and colors , but had a hard time matching them during this activity . The shapes cranky picks up are very small . Also , the mouse control changes with different scenes and it is very confusing for little ones . I have to control the mouse most times , except during the tractor scenes . Despite this , it is very entertaining and if allowed my son would play with this 24 hours a day . I think it really has some good points . I bought it because my son loves anything Thomas so this really has been such fun for him . It can help teach colors etc , but mostly it is just good old fun . My son has so many learning toys and I thought he just needed some `` good old fun '' .
 I Got this game somewhere other than a.com . I love Thomas , and this game . I like the game , but not Robin Smith . I do n't mind his narrating voice , but he makes the engines sound dumb , especialy James , who just sounds plain wierd . The games are good , but they are too short in my opinion . I got this game when I was 4 . I loved it , but not Robin Smith .
 I was unexpectedly suprised when I bought this game for my five year old daughter 's birthday . I knew she would love the Stuart Little keychain that comes with the game , but as for the software , I was taking a gamble . She loves the miniaure golf game , and the train game where you drive a train around a track . There is a game where you try to get Stuart from floor to sink facing dishwasher obstacles , spoons that swing , crackers that knock Stuart back to his original spot , all while on a timer . I find that one to be challenging as do the older kids in our family -LRB- 11,13 , and 16 -RRB- . There is also a car race game that is fun with frogs in the road , horns to beep , batteries for extra power , flashlights to scare the cats away . If you are looking for a great game at a reasonable price , this is it !!!
 This program offers all of the features offered by Systemworks -LRB- anti-virus , disk defrag , windows maintenance , etc. -RRB- , but has a Registry Fixer that catches registry errors that Systemworks misses -LRB- there are literally hundreds of them -RRB- . It then lists them as green , yellow and red -LRB- depernding upon how critical they may be to your system -RRB- so that you can decide which to delete . It also offers a Registry Defrag feature -LRB- unavailable on Norton -RRB- , to optimize registry performance . These two features alone justify the cost of the product.While it does offer anti-virus protection , it does not include a firewall , anti-spam or spyware blocking . For these features , the best program is PC-cillin Internet Security 2004 .
 I switched from the leading utility when a -RRB- they started to charge for anti-virus signature updates , and 2 -RRB- the auto-update stopped working with no fixes available . The latter was , of course , critically important , especially since my children were not able to download updates manually . -LRB- Of course , it has always been possible to get the latest anti-virus signatures without the fee if you knew the trick , but I really resented the extra fee . It began to feel like buying their software was paying to get the right to pay more , and more , and more ... -RRB- The Fix-It utilities are much better . The defragmentation module is very fast , as is the disk integrity check . These are the most commonly run tasks.In addition the Powerdesk utility included -LRB- and also sold separately -RRB- has itself won several awards for being superior to the Windows Explorer . The dual pane window makes moving files much easier and the preview pane is enormously helpful when file name are not sufficiently descriptive.Highly recommended !
 I 'm extremely happy with this product and intially bought it as a registry cleaner . I bought this product soon after I bought a new PC . My old PC got slower and slower overtime and I wanted to keep the new PC in tip-top shape . My kids do a lot of downloading and who knows what else . This product has a great registry cleaner for novices . I 'm terrified at the thought of changing the computer registry but this software goes through the registry and rates each problem it finds
 I 'm extreamly pleased with Fix-it Utilities . I once purchased norton system utilities and I returned it the next day , V-com fix-it utilities actually does what norton said it would . I think the regestry utilities included are great . The reg cleaner , defragger worked well , and didnt cause any system errors like other products I 've tried . I have n't switched to the antivirus from the product I use now , but even without the antivirus this suite of utilities is a bargain .
 Personally I 'd go the extra few bucks and buy the upgraded product from this company , their Systemsuite 5.0 It 's easier than upgrading later .
 This is and excellent program but for money I would go for the systemsuite . It is the same with a lot more features , options and six trial programs for about the same price . I 'm the proud owner of both programs and I highly recommend both .
 I really do n't have much use for utilities like this , but I had some computers I work on , that had pesty ` gliches ' . I found this to be a useful program , as long as you do n't trust it explicitly . Like all utilities , it 's only good for so much , and then it can create all kind of problems for you . So for small problems , you 'll love it . Also , buy the 5.0 version , and stay away from the 6.0 version . It 's not as good .
 great product - works well for keeping your computer working in tip top shape
 We got this system this morning , and so far my 8 year old can even pronounce the words using the workbook.Great price for a great product .
 I 've seen quite a few reviews by people who either love this software , or those that ca n't get it to work . Download the demo and try it first . If it works , you 'll like it . If the demo does n't work , do n't buy it.The demo worked just fine for me , so I purchased the software . It does what it says it will do with absolutely no hassle . In fact , the lack of setup options may almost be a drawback . There are really almost no options available at all . You put the disc in , hit copy , and you get a copy.What you get a copy of is the movie on the disc . You get no menus , -LRB- although the chapters are there for skipping through the disc -RRB- no additional audio tracks , no special features , and only 1 subtitle track . If the movie is still too big for a single disc , it compresses it -LRB- suprisingly quickly at that -RRB- . For me , this is perfectly adequate . All I really need is the ability to create a copy of the actual movie . The video and audio qualities of the resulting discs looked as good as the original . I noticed no additional dithering in the picture and the dolby digital surround stream was completely intact.Speed depends more on your system than the software . Mine took a little over an hour to copy a disc on a P4-1 .7 with 256MB and a Sony DRU-510A Dvd burner using 4x media.If you want additional features , you have to buy the non-express copy of the software . With that you 'll get options to pick and choose what features to keep . Unfortunately the non-Express version has no compression feature , so many DVD 's will be split to 2 discs . What they really need to do is combine the features of both programs . They offer a Gold version , but it 's really just copies of both programs , but still not sharing features.If you want to make no-hassle copies of ANY dvd on a single disc , and do n't care about extra features on the disc , this product works great and could n't be easier .
 Many people have trouble installing and running DVD X Copy and this may be because it has been known to clash with other CD/DVD writing programs like Roxio Easy CD Creator and Nero . I actually removed these before installing DVD X Copy XPress so I had no problems with the installation process whatsoever . This program will copy the entire movie onto one disc , but just the movie and nothing else like scene selections , trailers , commentary , etc. . If you 'd like to add these to your DVD you need the regular DVD X Copy or the Gold or Platinum versions . This program takes about 45-50 minutes to burn one DVD which is not too bad.Another problem others have mentioned before is that the DVDs they made with this program showed heavy pixelation and stopped working when played in their DVD player . I think this is n't because of the program or the burner they used , rather it 's due to a dirty disc . This actually happened to me recently , I burned a copy of one of my DVD movies and then played it on my Sony player . It was perfect till the end when it showed heavy pixelation and stopped working . I then took it out and cleaned it with a towel and all was well again.I would highly recommend this product to anyone even remotely interested in burning DVDs . All you have to do is to keep the caveats mentioned before in mind in order to avoid hours upon hours of frustration .
 This product does what it promises , which is not the case with several other DVD-copying apps . It will copy all soundtracks , menus , subtitles and special features.Squeezing regular DVDs onto 4.7 GB DVDs is done by smart and impossible-to-tell compression.The Platinum version also came with a DVD rescue application that will help you salvage your damaged DVDs.The bottom line
 This is one great program . I did have a bit of a problem , and ruined 3 discs . But it turned out to be a conflict with Roxio6 .0 . I uninstalled Roxio and it has been clear sailing ever since.The program is so simple . It takes two steps . I just backed up Spartacus which runs 196m . I clicked on `` entire disc '' and it recorded everything on 1 disc.Menus . . commentary ... everything . And the quality is wonderful -LRB- at least on a 36 inch tv -RRB- . So , it will do just the movie , or everything if you want it.Just remember if you are backing up a tv series like 24 , make sure you click on `` entire disc '' to get it all . Otherwise you 'll only get one episode.Happy backing-up .
 Got this product in December and have only had a few minor problems . Backed up 45 of my dvds with only 1 disk being bad . -LRB- for some reason it decided to finalize the whole cd -RRB- But 45 out of my 46 attempts to back up my dvds were successful.My computer is a 2Ghz/512 RAM / and Sony-510A dvd-burner . But I 've heard that this software is not compatible with everything.The program first reads the dvd which takes anywhere from 22 to 47 minutes . Then insert blank dvd and it 'll write it in no time . The ` backup ' dvd is very good quality , hard to notice the difference .
 A SPLENDID SOFTWARE A LAST WHORT THE MONEY . I TRIED OTHERS BEFORE BUT I THINK THIS IS THE BEST DVD BACKUP SOFTWARE EVER ITS GREAT
 I am not sure where the problems others have talked about . This is simple software to use and produces great results . You can either copy just the movie , or the entire disk -LRB- with compression to fit 4.7 gb -RRB- I keep all my drivers up to date . I can see problems arising from dirt or a scratch on a dvd that is being copied causing mystery problems . Low horsepower computers may also be overtaxed . -LRB- Mine is an average Athlon 1800xp ... 1.5 mhz , but I do have 1 gig of Ram -RRB- I have not seen any problems at all have have be very happy with the flawless results . I consider this great software ... not a single hiccup anywhere .
 Dvd x-copy works great for making bootleg copies of new movies and selling them in the city on the corner for like 5 bucks a piece . This is a must buy for any 2 bit hustler or anyone aspiring to be . Also good for Korean store owners who sell pretty much and damn thing they can make a buck off . Huh , funny dvd x-copy has since been sued and went bankrupt , however I would still recommend this software .
 Not only does this program make PERFECT copies of a DVD , it makes them relatively quickly . DVD X Copy Xpress also can copy the ENTIRE DVD onto one blank DVD R . It takes about 40-80 minutes to make one copy of a DVD , depending on how much of the DVD is being copied , different audio and video tracks can be selected.The only drawback with this software is that you can not pick and choose which chapters of a DVD to back up ; buy the Gold version for that option .
 Before I purchased this product I was worried that it would n't work , or that it would be hard to use . But I went ahead and bought it anyways after about 3-6 months of contemplating.I would like to say this is one of the best investments I have made in a loooong time for my computer.This product is so easy to use . And it works ! I read a review saying that it does n't copy over 12 ?? min . well it did for me.The only problem I have had with the software is I tried to copy ooops I mean `` back up '' Jackass The Movie . and it would n't let me . That is the first time that has happened to me since I had this software an I have only had this software for a week.But other than that I have been able to `` back up '' all the dvd 's so far that I wanted to `` back up '' ; -RRB-
 I first purchased the 321 system which burn excellent my DVD 's the only problem was backing my movies , it took two discs ! But shortly 321 came out with a FREE upgrade to its customers , which is the XPRESS 321 system that only take one disc and quality is unreal for backing up home movies.In Conclusion 321 XPRESS is excellent !
 This is a great product and have used it to backup all my DVD 's . Fast and easy to use and would recommend this product above all the products I have tried . I am a very happy customer .
 I bought a hard copy online , and installed the disk , version 2.5.1 . I had several problems , and could only copy one movie after several attempts . I went to dvdxcopy.com and installed the latest version , 3.2.1 , and it worked flawlessly for me , I have copied several dvds , with ZERO problems . Well worth the money .
 I bought DVD X Copy last week and have already burned backups to over 20 movies . This program is easy and fast . I tried Pinnacle , but that was like pulling teeth waiting for it to compress the files . Anyone who says that they ca n't use this software to backup movies over 120 mins , or ca n't use this on certain movies where the title is not 1 or 2 on the DVD either do n't have a good DVD burner , do n't have a good computer , or do n't know how to use this program . This program rocks . I backed up my new Indiana Jones movies before I even watched them . Took a total of 90 minutes for all three movies . 15 minutes per movie , 15 minutes to write to blank DVD disk . If you have a burner , get this program . It is the best out there .
 insert DVD to `` backup '' press startwhen thats done , insert blank media then press start againand voila ! that 's it!the only thing i do n't like about this is the lack of actual control the user has over what happens . After backing up your discs when you go to play them , instead of the FBI warning that you would get in th original , you get a 321 warning screen that tells you you are watching a backup . I already know i am watching a backup . I have tried to change the actual VOB file in the temp directory to a THX trailer and when you mess with the files , the program will error and shut down.I say 4 stars because of it 's ease of use , if they would let me configure it the way i wanted and put what i want on the DVD then by all means it would get 5 stars !!!!!
 EASY TO USE . MADE PERFECT COPIES FOR ME . THIS IS HOT SOFTWARE .
 The Language Lab
 I 've used Disk Jockey since it was first introduced . It is indispensible for managing my myriad files and folders on clients . I not only know what each file actually contains but I can manage , manipulate and maximize all of the data . It saves vast amounts of time . The ability to view files without having the software on my machine is also a huge huge plus . There is no downside that I 've found .
 great price ! Great product - have n't tried it yet , it is a father 's day present ! I 'm sure he will love it !
 This is a very powerful tool for those who like to download images and sound clips . You can add more search engines to it very easily . If you do n't want to spend 5 hours surfing for specific images , let Web Magnet do it for you while you do other things . If things are out there Web Magnet will get them for you automatically and in great abundance . There is a short learning curve if you want to use it to your full advantage . You must read the very nice manual that comes with it to get the most out of it . What this program does in essence is acts as a Master search engine that utilizes other search engines to do its work . You can add as many new internet search engines to it as you desire . These all work in parallel to find what you want . They will follow links to other sites . You can configure Web Magnet to go down into a website to as many layers as you desire , within reason of course . It can be configured to ignore slow sites or include them . Minimum image size can be specified . All your download stuff is saved to special folders that you create . You can set it up to use specific file types that are cogent to your search . You can add file types to its file types lists . And now for a little downside stuff . I had to rate this program with 5 stars because it is so very efficient and does what it says it will do , and is extreemly easy to use . However there are a couple of small issues that I feel you who read this should be aware of . Like any search engine you should be very specific in the search text as to what you are looking for and you might have to play around with words a little for it to find what you want . Also like most search engines it will return to you some content that you have no wish for and that has nothing in reality with what you are searching for . In other words it is not perfect . But then nothing is . When I first ran this program my security log showed that along with its normal search module it had another module that jumped to the internet and connected to a site ... . I do n't know if this is automatic registration or what it is , but I do n't like it doing this behind my back . I immediately configured a rule to block this site from receiving anything from my comuter . This piece of information is for those who care . Otherwise I am delighted ten times over with Web Magnet and would recommend it to anyone . I use a dial up connection and can only imagine how awsome this program would be if connected to a DSL service .
 Collect you gallery of images , video , sounds and more from the internet . Just hit the magnet , put in the search terms , and spider the internet many levels deep . It collects the images into a handy gallery where you can easily view , delete , and put into a slide show your results . The search can be narrowed by changing the settings ; for example , only images over 100 x 100 pixels . By selecting an image the url is highlighted and you can go to that site . Could n't be easier . This program is fun for even those among us that spend too much time online . Best for fast connections . Or for dial-ups leave it on all night and wake up to your new gallery . Enjoy !
 This is an excellent product if you want to make the most out of your good hardware box and not spending for an extra hardware . Suppose you have enough memory to utilize for an extra OS , enough disk space and plenty of NIC bandwidth -LRB- that we usually have -RRB- , why not run an application in another virtual OS on top of the first one . Mind that , the physical connection of NIC is 1 per physical card so you need to put the virtual hosts/servers within the same VLAN or subnet . The security is also good , it just treats the virtual machine as another machine on the same network.Portability of the defined virtual hosts from one box to another is another good thing , you just to need to copy the iamge file -LRB- s -RRB- . I tried to run Solaris 10 for x86 on it , no luck , I dont think they claim it does support either , so pretty clear , anyways Solaris 10 has zoning feature that you can use.Overall good product for development and testbeds but I do not recommend for production environments .
 Fireworks 3.0 & Dreamweaver 3.0 are absolutely fabulous . I pre-ordered my copies and could not wait for them to show up . I have been using Fireworks since its 1.0 version and Dreamweaver when its 2.0 version released . The new features in both 3.0 versions are well worth the $ $ $ to upgrade . Fireworks 3.0 is by far the best web graphics editor on the market . You may also want to check out Macromedia 's Flash 4.0 as well . Shockwave websites can not be beat . Macromedia is producing the best web development software on the market .
 Dreamweaver is well beyond its opponets in web-design , and anybody who designs web pages should have this program ! Packing every single tool you would need or ever want to make your website the way you want it , Dreamweaver is easy from the start . Although I 'm not an actual owner of Dreamweaver , I have friends who own this product , and every one of them has been blown away bit it , including me . This program is easy to use , and for those who are still using old programs like `` Visual Page '' , I suggest that you upgrade to this program , which you will never regret . Many people still stick with the old fashioned way of making mouse-overs , but Dreamweaver makes it easy , and this can be done in under a minute , without having to spend hours on Java coding . I personally like this program much more then Adobe `` GoLive '' , which are the two leading web-design programs . Make your choice , but I think Dreamweaver is the true program that will make every website look incredible . It 's worth the price tag , every cent ! The day will come soon when I hope to have the priviledge of owning this program myself .
 A complete novice in web design , I just spent 4 days developing an 8 page web site with Dreamweaver , which I had never used before . The web site 's great , and I love the program . An excellent tutorial guides you through the basic steps , and Macromedia provides a 400 + page downloadable reference manual . A bit bulky , and difficult to find what I needed , but the program itself is pretty intuitive , once you 've worked through the tutorial . I still have n't figured out how to upload my HTML files using Dreamweaver -LRB- as far as I can tell , you 're supposed to be able to -RRB- , which is why I rate this only a 4 ; otherwise , from uploading graphics and text to layout and links , a user friendly program that will have you on the www in no time at all .
 I needed to reconnect to a web site created in the past . This program did the job at much less cost .
 I bought this package based on a friend 's recommendation . Looking back I wish I had saved the money and just bought Dreamweaver . I think they are both great programs , but from my experience you need only need one . If you own Illustrator or Photoshop you can build your graphics there and import them into Dreamweaver . If you do n't just buy Fireworks , you can build an entire site and all your graphics in this program.I am a novice at web design , and I wanted to jump right in with setting up a site . I found both of the instructional guides a bit frustrating and overwhelming . I was surprize to find that I even though I had bought the Mac version , the instruction books were cross-platform for both PC and Mac , favoring the PC platform . -LRB- A HUGE turn-off for a Mac person like me . -RRB- After doing the tutorials I tried to build my site by using both programs . I am mainly a print designer and was thinking that Dreamweaver and Fireworks like I use QuarkXPress and Illustrator , but it does n't work that way.Like I said before you only need one . I think they are both great programs , but I do n't see the need to have both , which is why I gave it a four .
 We had downloaded this a couple of years ago and lost it when I reloaded the computer . My son who is a bright 8 year old really liked it and asked if we could get it again . He was 5 / 6 years old when we first got it.Has easy to set up experiments that are quite sophisticated in their accuracy and ability to model what would occur . Was exactly what we wanted and runs fine on XP .
 I really appreciated that all the information on the envelope was hand written . Very Nice . The game worked fine ; Just as i remember it . The only thing is that newer computer might not be compatible with the game . I have Windows Vista and at 1st it didnt work on my machine , but after looking through all the files i manually installed it . Although on fullscreen , it glitches every once in awhile .
 As I have written elsewhere at Amazon , Dreamweaver and Fireworks are two of my tools of choice for making Web pages . That being said , this upgrade may not be for you . - If you already own both Dreamweaver 2.0 and Fireworks 2.0 , consider this upgrade carefully . While the 2.0 versions contained significant new functionalities over the 1.0 versions , 2.0 and 3.0 are quite similar . Look at the new features and determine for yourself whether the upgrades are really worth it . - If you own only Fireworks or Dreamweaver 2.0 , again , look at the feature set of both products . While a long-time fan of Adobe Photoshop , I had seen a demo of Fireworks at a trade show and was impressed enough to give it serious consideration , at least for specialized tasks such as creating complex Web page layouts and animations . As it turned out , I now use Fireworks for about 80 % of my day-to-day Web graphics work . - If you own a 1.0 version of Dreamweaver or -LRB- especially -RRB- Fireworks , then this is an excellent deal . The 3.0 versions of DW and FW contain significant new features that you will probably find are well worth the price .
 Citrix 's standard Metaframe product enhances Microsoft NT 4 , Terminal Server or Win 2000 -LRB- Terminal Services -RRB- by adding a range of management options and the renowned ICA presentation protocol . This makes the product a no-brainer for anybody serious about thin-client/server computing in the enterprise . The reduced price of MetaFrame / Workgroups allows smaller businesses to use the ultra-thin bandwidth of the universal ICA-client -LRB- all operating systems -RRB- and several other extensions to the basic Terminal Services of NT/2000 . However , this product is fixed at a maximum of 5 users and does n't allow some management options.As a Citrix Instructor and technical consultant with a range of experience with thin-client computing , I 'd use this product in small businesses where limited -LRB- remote -RRB- access to server applications is needed . This Metaframe version is also fine for replication of the larger central installations at small sites , where one can be sure that maximum of 5 concurrent users is sufficient .
 I have been using Microsoft Operating Systems for a very long time , and , i still say that this is the best System out there , for many reasons.An increasing amount of Linux and Mac users have made the claim that they are more compatible with programs , and are less vulnerable to virus and hacks.In Response to Linux Users-Stay away from Linux , Linux is free for a reason . It is compatible with very very few programs as it is , and that number will only decrease . For Gamers - Rarley do i see a Linux compatible game . Just stay away from this system.For Mac Users-Mac 's also have a lesser amount of compatible programs . Fewer and Fewer programs can run on them , and like linux , that number will only decrease . The only thing keeping Macintosh alive is Itunes . Which is compatible with Windows . Besides , When Direct X 10 Comes out , it will only be available for Windows , making Macintosh 's un-usable for new games when the next windows OS comes out -LRB- Microsoft Vista -RRB- . The computers are also generally more expensive than Windows . Btw - You can get viruses on Mac 's .
 Everything was fine except the price . The price lowered to 29.95 about three weeks after I purchased it for 49.95 .
 XP Home arrived quickly and installed flawlessly ' works smoothly . I delayed getting XP for fear of the virus attacks . Forced to upgrade from Windows 98 because of software pkg I wanted to use . Glad it happened . Price and Amazon discount got me a deal I 'm very happy with .
 Product was stable and performed very well . XP , while it has its ' flaws is the best of the windows verisions . I have used it since it first came out and remain happy with it . It picks up most if not all devices and has proved to be very stable .
 after suffering with Vista , it is good to be back again with XP . I hope that windows 7 is a follow on to XP and NOT a newer version of Vista
 This was easier to install than expected , even though we had a couple glitches even after doing a test scan to see what we needed to do to prep for the install , after uninstalling a couple programs we were up and running in no time . Windows XP itself is very easy to use also . Makes doing things alot easier and faster . Anyone who has Windows should upgrade to XP .
 The material came in a timely manner and was installed on my computer . It is working fine . Thank You . Richard Hyde
 Bought a long time ago . I think it 's the best OS ever put out . Still do even with windows 8 around now , XP LIVES !!!!!
 I have been running XP for a few days and so far so good . I was running win98se and decided to upgrade after microsoft announced that they no longer support win98 . My software is now obsolete ? Yikes ! Well , I 'm glad I upgraded.Installation went smooth as silk and I have not experienced any problems at all . I had to find a couple of new drivers for hardware but that 's been it . And for Home Edition versus Pro , I think I can be quite happy with the Home Edition.I will say that win98se had been a headache for a long time so the stability that I see so far with XP Home is a relief.Good features , good reliability . A very decent upgrade . I recommend it . Four stars .
 i upgraded to xp on a machine that was running me ... it was a highly unstable os and required rebooting 4-6 times per day when it became overloaded while running multiple programs ... this came to an immediate halt with the conversion to xp ... it 's not a mac os by any means but it 's a definite bump up if you 're on me or 98 ...
 I had WindowsME , but something went wrong with my computer and it was n't recognizing drivers for stuff so I got XP and that fixed all that because XP has all the drivers you need already included in it .
 I waited until the last moment , but when I heard MS stopped shipping XP I knew I had to take the plunge.Time to toss the well worn copy of 98 and upgrade!I was worried about my old machine handling XPsp2 , but it did . After disabling some of the advanced features my computer actually runs a bit quicker now.The upgrade process went without a hitch . Make sure to use the dynamic update option and it will automatically update your incompatible drivers.Fired right up after a very long installation and 86 ! updates from MS and blows away 98 when it comes to crashes . Used to be a daily routine , now i forgot what that blue screen even looks like .
 With Microsoft no longer supporting Windows 98 in any form , plus like me no interest to buy a new machine or increase memory to move to Vista , the XP home is the right answer !
 If you are currently using earlier version of Windows , you may want to consider this OS.For Windows 98 or Me users , upgrading to Windows XP means leaving those BSODs -LRB- Blue Screen Of Death -RRB- , better appearance on your windows , better security , and lots more ! Windows XP is based on Windows 2000 security where the stability is the priority . I 'll share my experience using this OS.I was using windows Me before upgrading to Windows XP . When I was working on a file in Windows Me and an error occured , a blue screen appeared and I knew that there would be no more choice beside rebooting your PC -LRB- the famous Ctrl + Alt + Del -RRB- . I lost all my changes on the file I was working on , as well as all other unsaved files in other windows.After upgrading to Windows XP , the BSOD is never showed on my screen . When an error occured , the non-responsive program is closed and other program and opened-windows are remain there . I like this very much!Some other good points on Windows XP are : Better user interface . I have all the icons , windows , and its components redesigned . It 's much better than the previous design in any Windows version.Renewed Start Menu . With the new start menu , you can navigate to Control Panel , My Computer , Help , Your Documents , Music , Pictures , and Network easily . It will also display the most used/launched software . With this new start menu , you do n't have to scroll through your All Programs items to launch your favourite program . Also , you do n't have to create shortcut on desktop or quicklaunch . I have no icon on my quicklaunch and desktop -LRB- except recycle bin -RRB- and it 's good to have a clean desktop so that you can show-off your fave wallpaper.Better plug & play support . With Windows XP , I have never worried about driver for my devices . Just plug them in , and Windows will search the appropriate driver for you . All you have to do is wait for it , and Windows will notify you once your device is ready to be used.Firewall and other security . Windows XP comes with SP2 and better firewall , keeping you away from all those unauthorized people on the net that are trying to steal your information.I can conclude that this is the best Windows ever . And while we are waiting for the next generation of Windows , Windows Vista , this OS is still the best choice among other Windows . * Do n't worry too much about the differences between Home edition and Professional edition . If you know networking features and other administrative tools , you may consider Professional edition . Otherwise , choosing Home edition is a good choice as it comes with lower price .
 Upgraded from Win 98 on laptop with no problems except for conflict with wireless module .
 I love Windows XP every since I bought it and install it in my windows 98 computer it hase n't been the same since . My computer has less virious and more security , no more pop up ads . I can download more video clips and install mediaplayer 10 . If you want to upgrade to bigger and better things then get this .
 Now that XP is obsolete I have finally upgraded to it and wish I had done it sooner . Everything runs better with it . -LRB- I was running Windows ME before -RRB- There were a few glitches but I got a notice from XP with the problems I might find after the upgrade and the how to 's to fix them . All in all I am very happy with the product and Amazon.com
 was skeptical to buy this but I 'm glad I did . I previously had windows ME and it was terrible but since I upgraded to XP my computer does n't freeze up anymore and it 's a lot less stressful to use . thanks
 this product came fast with no scratches of any kind and was a very reasonably priced , came in handy when my original disc was found broken
 Received in good order and installed without a hitch.I just with Microsoft would standardize on a look and feel . The OS shock from XP extending to Windows 8 make me long more and more for Linux .
 I 'm quite happy with this product . The price was right & it served my needs on an older PC . Installation was quick & easy ... no problems . Package arrived as stated , in good condition . Shipping was a litlle slower than expected but it was worth the wait .
 I needed this for a computer hard drive crash for my sister . It saved her lots of money and made me look good with low cost repairs . All Microsoft products are necessary for home personal computer , so why not at a low cost . It work and it was legal product .
 I have loaded this software , and it is working great . It was as advertised and arrived promptly and in good shape .
 very fast shipping , recieved my item before I expected and was in better condition then i expected and a excellent price
 I tried different ways to acheive my upgrade . Here 's what worked : I had Windows 2000 on the laptop . You can not upgrade from W2K , but you would n't want to . A clean install is MUCH better . Do not choose the upgrade option during setup.I used the Windows XP Upgrade disk to prepare my entire HDD . It allowed me to partition the drive my way and do NTFS formatting . I did not need Windows 98 to be on the machine to do this , but at one point in the process , I was asked to insert a VALID Windows 98 OR Windows 2000 Professional disk . I used the valid Windows 98 disk ; it was recognized and the installation went very smoothly . -LRB- I do not have a valid W2K disk , so I did n't try that . -RRB- So I did a completely clean install , not an upgrade on top of my old OS.The online activation and updating to Service Pack 3 also went without a hitch.Note that XP had many of the basic drivers my laptop needed , and I already had the XP drivers disk that came with the machine so many years ago . Just make sure ahead of time you can get your drivers for less common network cards , graphics processors , and audio chips . -LRB- One other thing , do n't `` force '' any kind of Intel drivers onto this XP Service Pack 2 , as the correct chipset drivers are included . You would end up going backwards and causing trouble . -RRB- As I found out , you can not UPGRADE directly from Windows 2000 Professional ; however , if your W2K cd is valid , according to the clean install directions I explained above , you can proceed even if you do not have Win98 . Just note I did n't have a valid W2K disk to try it myself.I am very happy with this upgrade . I took an old , 2003 laptop with 768of RAM , installed XP , and now have a very useful machine -LRB- using a Pentium M 1.4 GHz processor -RRB- . Note that I am running the 2009 version of Norton Internet Security with no problem . I am also running Office 2007 Student Edition with , again , no problem.In short , I 've just given new life to my old Win2K laptop , and I 'm very happy with the performance.Hope all this helps anybody else in a similar situation !
 This program is a big improvement over Windows ME . I do n't have as many freezes and to stop them , I just open windows task manager and close it instead of restarting the operating system . I do have a few problems but it may not be caused by the operating system as my computer is over five years old and my hard drive is pretty full .
 My Microsoft Me OS finally crashed after a long period of increasing malfunctions . I bought the XP upgrade from Amazon and it has proven to be very satisfactory .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB- XP is compatible with all of my above software . I was also using Adaptex Easy CD Creator 4 - which IS NOT compatible with XP , BUT is n't needed now b/c XP allows direct copy of files to CD - almost as easy as copying to a floppy . Also , not compatible with Norton . But pop-up blockers etc. built in to XP should protect reasonably well if you 're careful to never open an e-mail from someone you do n't know.I 've loved XP . More user-friendly ; does n't leave you staring at the screen as often asking `` now what ? '' Without desktop you can still run programs by hitting Ctrl-Alt-Del . - File-New Task -LRB- Run -RRB- ... The direct-to-CD copying , as mentioned , is great . I keep finding tiny adjustments with XP that have made my life easier . And of course , I can load my iPod & use it.Worth saying that before installing XP I removed all programs for which I had the disks to re-install post-XP ; defragged the computer and backed up all of my documents - including information about re-establishing my dialup account and CuteFTP info . I recommend this since I did have to re-input some of this information.In 2007 or so , I will invest in getting a Mac . Though XP does run very well , the Mac does everything it does and more .
 I needed to reinstall Windows XP , of course Microsoft does n't allow using the same OS software code when you update your computer . My solution to it was to purchase the Windows XP Home Edition Upgrade disk and use that product code . It worked out great and my Windows was then activated by micosoft . It 's as sad thing that Micosoft is so greedy and causes such problems .
 I have been using Windows since Windows 95 , and have used every OS since . I have XP on my laptop and it is the best ! I 've been reading reviews saying that XP is bad , and I have NEVER encountered a problem . If you want an OS that will do everything you need , then get XP now before they get rid of it . Just so you know , I think Vista is trash . XP is better .
 First off , I have been using XP since the day it was released . I have used Windows 3.1 up to Server 2003 and as much bad mouthing as Microsoft gets , they have come a long way . Yes , Windows XP has some security issues , the software is bloated , and it is n't without it 's problems , but it is very stable and easy to use -LRB- compared to previous versions -RRB- . Is Linux better ? Yes and No . For the average home user , Linux is not a wise choice . I love Linux , but would I recommend my Mom use it ? No . she 'd be lost . That said I think that if you apply ALL security patches , install a good anti-virus and use the built in firewall -LRB- at the very least -RRB- you 'll be reasonably safe . If you are installing over a current operating system , do yourself a favor and backup your data , wipe off your hard drive and do a clean install of Windows XP . You 'll avoid more problems that way . Aside from Server 2003 , this is the best Microsoft OS yet . Maybe that is n't saying a whole lot , but considering the alternatives this the OS to get for the average PC user .
 I received an excellent Windows XP Product in perfect condition.As usual the Amaazon service and shipping was outstanding intheir efficient method of delivering the item to me in theshortest amount of time .
 Worked as expected . A few hardware glitches but that was to be expected .
 IT WAS EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED . I DOWNLOADED IT ON TO MY MAC COMPUTER WITHOUT ANY PROBLEMS .
 The product came fast and had everything that was described including an activation code.I built the computer myself and the product worked great would definately buy again from here if I needed to .
 Very easy to install and does what it says it will . One of the better Microsoft products .
 After many years of using computers with Microsoft software , I found XP to be the best yet .
 And the price is reasonableAnd after the second additionknow most of the kinks are worked out!George
 It is far superior to the Windows ME that I took out of a buddies PC but it is still Windows ...
 I 'd read lots of stories about software glitches and the inability to customize this flavor of Windows . After picking up `` Windows XP Registry Guide '' by Honeycutt I was surprised at how easy it is to customize . It is n't even necessary to fiddle with the registry to effect some changes.Got a Firewall of your own , you can easily turn Microsoft 's shipping firewall off . Using a browser other than IE ? Not only can you really make it default , but you can even take steps to keep IE from hijacking things.Application installs and uninstalls are a lot cleaner . Hardware configuration is a lot more friendly . Overall I 've experienced few `` Blue Screens of Death '' with this OS .
 I followed all instructions before I attempted to do an upgrade from Windows Me to Windows XP - infact , the more I read the more I was told to do a clean upgrade . So , I did a backup and removed programs that were not compatible and I got some instructions off the internet on how to do it and it went very smooth . I love what it gave me . Clean upgrade means a clean start - you remove everything and start with a new program .
 This product is an upgrade from other , older versions of Windows , such as 98 , 98 SE , and ME . It is NOT meant as an upgrade for XP itself . You can get Service Pack 2 from Microsoft for FREE . If you own XP already , do n't buy this . If you own an older OS , do n't be put off buy the incorrect information in the Amazon description . XP is a great home OS , much better than what you have today !
 I had been experiencing problems with Windows 98 -- occasional lockups , especially in browsing -LRB- ddhelp issues -RRB- and messages that the browser was not going to be supported on websites . Of course Win98 is not being supported by Microsoft.So I purchased this product , once installed it has worked perfectly , no lockups at all or browser issues , it seems to be a very huge improvement over my previous computer issues . It updates automatically , seems to work smoothly with my older programs , and is also apparently faster on browsing . I am very happy with it !
 This upgrade was very easy to do . Took about 90 minutes . I had no problems at all . Instructions were easy to follow . I would recommend this upgrade even if your computer is a relic like mine . It was well worth the $ 96.00 I paid for it .
 Wanted an upgrade from Windows 2000 Pro , but did n't want to pay full price . Found a used upgrade here . Glad I looked !
 I received the Windows XP UPGRADE on time and it is as the seller specified . I have yet to opened and use the upgrade disk as I bought it for future use . Many newer PC sw products will not work with my current PC OS -LRB- Windows 2000 PRO -RRB- and finding compatible products is getting more and more difficult to find . When finding an anti-virus product that runs with Win2000 is no longer possible , upgrading to WinXP will solve the problem .
 The disk loaded easily with no problems so far , you may need your original disks for some information thats not included .
 I do n't think that Windows XP needs more recommendations but this is my fourth purchase of XP.I wanted all of my computers to have the same operating system so I opted out of Vista . I build my own computers and always buy the Retail version so I can change computers without having to buy a new OS .
 No issues at all with the upgrade and the system runs well . I only bought the software for an additional computer that was already running XP , but it was not a registered copy . I am legal now and can sleep soundly at night .
 Got it quick & it worked flawlessly , at a great price !
 If you 're reading this . You want to upgrade , your old computer to Windows XP home edition here are a few things to keep in mind .256 MB of RAM . I have found is adequate more equals better .500 MHz or higher will do.If you 're running Windows millennium edition , or 98 upgrade now the stability is vastly improved . Gone are the blue screens of death.Frequently asked question
 I have been running Windows XP since 2001 and to tell you the honest truth it has been stable ever since . With the introduction of SP2 in this minor update of Windows XP , Microsoft has decided to make the product `` secure '' , than it was thought to be in the beginning . But the past few years have been rough on Microsoft , with consistency in attacks on the product with such vulnerabilities as Trojans , buffer overflows , viruses and the most memorable of the all Blaster -LRB- August 2003 -RRB- . Ever since its debut , Windows XP has been causing a lot of headaches and wreaking havoc on corporate networks because of its susceptibility vulnerabilities that were not fixed in its initial release or Service Pack 1 . So Microsoft decided to go back to the drawing board and decided to rethink what Windows XP should mean in terms of Security . At first Service Pack 2 was thought out to only be a minor Service Pack update with usual bug fixes , but because of the aforementioned problems Microsoft took new direction and after 1 year of testing we have finally reached a conclusion.SP2 is really apparent , based on my experience of installing the update , users displayed a welcome screen recommending Automatic Updates be turned on -LRB- and I would recommend too -RRB- , after which the user is presented with the Security Center where you can configure the new and improved Firewall settings , such as which programs can access your PC . You also have the option of configuring your Anti-Virus program , unfortunately I have not been able to do so because my Anti-virus is not supported , although it seems -LRB- Norton Anti-virus Corporate Edition 7.6 -RRB- . Security Center is really the big change here and should have been implemented from beginning , but better late than never.Other great features which I and many users are undoubtedly thankful for include the Pop-Blocker which should have been included in IE 6 from the beginning -LRB- better late than never -RRB- , its not 100 % percent effective but does a decent job so far of blocking most annoying Pop-Ups . I wish the Windows Team allowed users to train it , so if a Pop does succeed , you can tell the pop-up blocker engine that was a pop-up window and you should n't let that pass the next time , maybe Microsoft will let it improve over time . Other great improvements to IE in SP2 is the ability approve programs , so drive by downloads have become a thing of the past , anything you decide to download or accidentally clicked on a webpage has to be approved.Another wish is , better integration of the ActiveX controls with Microsoft 's own technologies , I notice that when I had to do a Office Update , the ActiveX API engine on Microsoft 's Office website had to be approved before I run the utility that checked for updates for Office products I needed.Microsoft has also streamlined Windows Update to be more user-friendly , you the user have the option for a Express or Custom install , Express only installs the most critical updates , while Custom allows to install the entire kitchen sink , including stuff some users can do without on Windows , -LRB- go with Express -RRB- . Windows XP SP2 includes minor enhancements such as Windows Media Player 9 , but why did n't Microsoft just wait a little longer and included Windows Media Player 10 , which is already out ? The blue tooth update is also a needed update , it was n't intuitive right out of the box , but is more user friendly , all this , you can get for free if you are existing XP owner.Overall , if you have n't upgraded to Windows XP yet from older versions of Windows , this is the time , but if you are an existing Windows XP user , I say skip this and just order the SP2 CD or download it from the Windows XP Website . I highly recommend users running prior versions of XP especially 95 , 98 , 98 SE , NT 4 and ME , maybe 2000 also move to XP , since Microsoft is planning on porting any of technologies in XP to those older versions of Windows , plus it has some great new features and you will love the Security technologies that provide a better experience for you the user . Most of all , I highly recommend Windows XP users get this update !
 I 've been using XP Home on various machines for three years , simultaneously with Linux , and it 's enough time to say that XP has been excellent while Linux was just so-so . Some of the reasons why I love Windows XP :1 . It is amazingly stable . Do you remember Windows 95/98 that were crashing several times a day ? Maybe you still have these old windows and they 're making you upset . Crashing no longer occurs with XP . At the beginning , in 2001 , the Internet Exporer was rather unstable and it had to close many times a week . Such things simply do not happen to me anymore , as a result of the updates that have been done . I am getting the blue screen roughly once a year , and it is never unexpected because I almost always do something controversial .2 . It is getting very secure . The Service Pack 2 made the XP the safest affordable operating system . You know , operating systems are not created by God , and therefore there can be holes in them . The same is true about Windows . But Microsoft is a very active company and the hotfixes are available very quickly if it is necessary . The number of bugs that have survived is very small.The Service Pack 2 provides you with a firewall -LRB- protection against hackers , so to say -RRB- , monitoring of antivirus software -LRB- if it 's out of date , you 're alerted -RRB- and of patches , new wireless utilities , and many other things .3 . XP is compatible with all previous software I tried - including very old-fashioned games that used to run under MS-DOS . Although XP is based on the technology of Windows NT/2000 Kernel , which was more stable , it became compatible with the systems 95/98/ME for the home users . XP also works with all modern games and other programs , as well as all external devices that I 've tried . Although it is very likely that all necessary software will continue to work , you should check whether your key programs have any issues if you upgrade to XP .4 . XP is very configurable . I 've changed the icons of everything - every folder and every file type , as well as all the sounds . It is also very user-friendly , and the international support works smoothly .5 . In the case that something goes wrong , it is still very likely that `` System Restore '' will save you . It 's a time machine that can return all system files on your PC to a moment -LRB- checkpoint -RRB- in the past . It has been useful several times to fix various small problems with the configurations that appeared because of new programs I installed . Also , I like hibernation - you can turn off your computer quickly in such a way that the memory is saved to your hard disk , and you may then continue exactly where you stopped.All people who are upgrading should try to backup their key data before the upgrade . Problems are very unlikely , but possible .
 XP has worked all right on one of my computers . For those who have been having nothing but trouble and for those who are about to try an upgrade from 98 or Millennium Edition , I have one observation that might be valuable
 Wow , what an improvement over MICROSOFT MILLENIUM EDITION , WINDOWS 2000 , and WINDOWS 98 . WINDOWS XP , both the home and professional editions , have finally worked out the electronic glitches in Windows 2000 and ME . Both 2000 and ME were stop-gap products rushed to market to cash in on turn of the century fever . Unfortunately , both products had such teething problems that many buyers , including myself , reverted back to tried and true Windows 98 . Eventually I reloaded MILLENIUM EDITION , but had to tie up the phone line for almost three hours to download all of the necessary Microsoft patches in order for ME to work properly.XP is light years ahead of the former Windows applications . It was easy to load , required no tinkering or patches to enable the program to function , and added options , like audio , digital photo , and CD transfer capabilities , that never before existed . The computer loads much faster and is generally much more user friendly . Additionally , XP is better equipped to deal with the Norton family of computer security programs.There are a few drawbacks , and XP warns you about them as it is loading . Some programs , particularly older programs , must be reloaded . In my case , I had to reload the software for my HP 800 series printer , Epson Scanner , Photo Shop , and Sonic Record Now . Where the original CDs are available , this is not much of an inconvenience . Unfortunately , some of my computer 's software was installed at the time I had upgrades , such as a DVD burner , professionally installed , and I did not have the original CD.So it goes . Microsoft WINDOWS XP -LRB- with Service Pack -RRB- is the next logical progression in the ever-evolving Windows applications . Save yourself a lot of headaches and invest in an upgrade now .
 I am extremely pleased with this upgrade . Best $ 95 I 've spent to morph my tired 5 yo system into a new one.Installation was a breeze . I recommend you back up important file on the intended system drive -LRB- or partition -RRB- , reformat it with NTSF and do a clean install . The upgrade set up will ask you what you want during the upgrade process . This give you a clean slate and wo n't carry over problems from the old system . Remember to have the previous system CD ready though to qualify for the upgrade . After that , XP upgrade will handle the rest . Activation on line is easy . With all the complaints flowing around on the internet I thought I have to surrender personal info . Not the case . All I had to do was hit the activation button . It was done before I knew it.XP is definitely better than previous versions . I had USB device problems and virus/spyware programs interfering issues causing frequent blue screen of death . Not anymore . XP handles them beautifully . Plug in a wireless mouse , beep , it works . USB micro drives ? Beep , it finds and installs the driver in a few nanoseconds . Hotswap devices -LRB- I have only one USB port -RRB- ? No problem . It manages virus and spyware/adware scanners transparently and efficiently . Nobody is tumbling over nobody like when it was in 98 SE . All those previous issues all of sudden just GONE ! I no longer worry when I have to add new software or hardware . The machine just handles them silently and smoothly.Like all system building , high tech or otherwise , steep climb and rocky road precede smoothing sailing . Windows has reached that goal finally . Thank you folks at Microsoft for keep hacking at it . Good job .
 It works . I had Windows ME on my system the worst OS known to man . I did not strip the hard drive as all my friends in the know suggested . I just put the disc in and let her rip . It works . No more blue screen of death and no more crashes . On the other hand media player 10 is bad , very bad . But if you really want to know about that you should google it . I would do it again . rmw
 The upgrade , per se , is fine . But , make sure you go to your computer manufacturer 's website for their recommendations on prep actions to take . What you do first is more important than the running the XP Upgrade installation . In the case of my Compaq Presario 7000US , there was an upgrade preparation program there which would have helped me avoid hours of heartache and tears regarding the unstable XP which resulted . I think I finally got it worked out now but it has been painful . - George
 Ok , Windows XP may be good for people doing some things , while the older versions may be easier for you.Usually Typing Pages In Microsoft Word - Windows XP and Windows 98 really make no difference in this . You could use both , and you could probably get things done quicker . Though , Windows XP is a bit more user friendly , so I 'd get it for that.Multimedia - You NEED Windows XP if you love movies and music ! It comes with WMP 9 , but I recommend using the 7.1 version , it 's much better . But in XP , you get to create your own movies , and make cool music playlists , and burn CDs in minutes . Windows XP is the way to go here.Interet Surfing - As owning 98 for 6 years and XP for not even a year , Windows 98 is better for this . I 've had a lot of viruses with the SP1 version , mostly trojans . I 've never had a joke , worm or mailing worm yet , but hoping not to have another.But ... Since this comes with SP2 , Windows XP is the best choice for the internet . I 've never had ONE viruses with the SP2 , so I would highly recommend downloading it if you currently have SP1.Gaming - Hmm ... a bit tricky here . If you have a lot of Windows XP compatable games , go to Windows XP . I have a lot of 98 games , and most of them run perfectly on XP -LRB- I 've only had 2 out of 20 not working -RRB- . So , XP is good for gaming , escpecially with the new DirectX.Freezing - I 've only had my computer freeze once on Windows XP -LRB- and it was my fault to , I pressed IE about 10 times in a row -RRB- . On Windows 98 , some days the computer would n't even open the start button . Windows XP 's point.Customizing Your Computer - Windows 98 time . On Windows XP , they only give you have of what 98 has . Plus , the desktops and screen savers are less outstanding , though with the upgrade , the 98 themes are still inside . Though , I think 98 should take this point.Overall - Windows 98 - 1 pointWindows XP - 5 pointsHmm ... I 'd recommend getting XP . It 's faster , funner , and easier than 98 .
 I have been running Windows XP SP2 and would `` never '' want to go back to Windows ME or Windows 98 . With the XP , I rarely need to re-boot my system , and my PC no longer freezes up . There is a built-in Windows Firewall plus a pop-up blocker which are both awesome . The system is much safer , and I have NEVER had a virus , worm , or trojan horse while running the Windows XP Home with a good internet security/virus program.One thing
 This was used to upgrade my operating system at work . It went fairly well . Actually much better than I had hoped .
 I bought this produst for mac 's -LRB- because some programs does not run of Mac OS -RRB- and in my opinion runs just like what it should do as if it was a PC . I would give is near perfect , but the instalation takes a while to install , so anyone trying this might try installing either at night or any time during a long -LRB- 1-2hrs -RRB- spare time . Aside from that , high marks .
 So far , I am very pleased with this item and the shipping time.My opinion is , I would buy again from Amazon.com .
 The only bad thing its a upgrade so i havent Windows 98 or 2000 , so i used the serial and installed a copy of xp home edition and worked jaja
 I 've been wanting to upgrade my Dell Dimension desktop running Windowsw ME for some time now . I cleaned up the hard drive , added some memory , and installed Windows XP upgrade . It was all so easy . Everything works like a charm ! AND the old desktop boots up and runs even quicker than my newer laptop ! We saved hundreds of dollars by upgrading , rather than buying a new system . We 're very happy and we highly recommend this upgrade .
 Running Windows 95 and that means Windows 98 is illegal in your country and you are in the land of needing a new computer fast , feeling that you might have a box that looks like it is running windows 3.1 and to be honest now is your chance to move to Windows 2000 for a more solid operating system . Even NT users found more stability in Windows 2000 , 98 users mostly gamers or downloaders , seeing the blue screen of death often , while Win 2K users doing something a little more software intensive like multimedia , graphics and servers that 98 could not manage . So came the day of the duel-processor , having an NT Dual 500mhz , upgrading to Win2K and you still had a fast machine , 64mb and 128mb games cards never really impressing you that much to get a better machine , a games console maybe cheaper and better , XP a little slow for you and besides , 2K was compatible with nearly everything and you could duel boot linux for fun . The only reason to buy a computer between the release of XP and now was if you did not have one and even then plenty of second hand units going around.Year
 Absolutely the easiest upgrade of a Microsoft OS that I 've ever done , & as a retired hardware engineer , I 've done a lot in the past . It 's one sweet OS !
 The product i ordered from amazon was just what i wanted.It arrived at my home just like they said it would.The product was in good shape and everything was in the box.I am very pleased with my order .
 Installing and using Windows XP was easier than Windows 95 or 98 . It was FAR easier than trying to install and use six or eight versions of Linux over the last ten years.Rollie Peck
 My order came on time . The vendor sent me an email letting me know how to contact her before I received the Windows XP at a very fair price . She told me why she was selling it . I would use this vendor again .
 after reading everythin on ms ultra , i upgraded ms me to xp . everything works fine
 Works great , in perfect shape and as always Amazon rocks ! I can now go to Windows on my iMac !
 Great person to deal with , super fast deliveryTy Cindy horn
 So the box was crushed as noted but the product was fine . It was in the original manufacturer shrink wrap as advertised and I am quite satisfied .
 Windows XP in all varieties is great . Its clean and neat . It updates drivers almost by itself if they are needed during installation . It will detect most plug and play hardware such as External USB drives . -LRB- ie
 As can be expected , Microsoft has created another wonderful software program ! I enjoy using Internet Explorer 7 which , using windows 98 , I was unable to have . I would definitely recommend this product for anyone that is desiring an upgrade .
 AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE WENT UP AND BEYOND BECAUSE OF THE POST OFFICE INABILITY TO DELIVER THIS PRODUCT , TWICE . AMAZON FINALLY HAD TO USE UNITED PARCEL SERVICE , WHO HAD NO PROBLEM .
 Item works as expected for upgrading from ME version and transferring existing configurations successfully . Nice stable environment now and other software works when previous version of windows did not .
 Hi friends , My last experience at Amazon was a very pleasant one . I purchased Microsoft Windows XP home edition upgrade with SP2 software to reinstall on my PC but my machine rejected any new reinstallation and that forced me to return the product . My friends at AMAZON being as honest as usual were very comprehensive and refunded my entire purchase . They also made it easy to ship the product back to them ; thank you very much for that . Over all it was a very pleasant experience and I will continue to trust this site in the future . The products arrives to you very well packed and even when it says used expect it to look new . I am saying that because in the past I purchased a CD from Amazon and it was excellent . I would say , keep up the good work AMAZON . Thanks.amz1975 .
 This software works great with apple boot camp.It works so great that you can buy software for windows for cheaper than Mac.Note
 I am not computer savy and thought the windows xp disc that I was purchasing was not just an upgrade for $ 105 . I ended up getting parralles running on the Mac . Over all the experience was fine and shipped promptly just not what I expected .
 ... it installed very easily & let me download & upload Windows XP & Windows XP Service Pack 2 two different times but my desktop E Machine with original Windows 98 Second edition -LRB- now overwritten -RRB- only has a drive C. . . this means i only have 2 % drive space left -LRB- because of all the Windows Updates -RRB- ... it is working very well but now i have to figure out how to create more drive space -LRB- another location -RRB- -LSB- this E machine gave me no indication of this at all -RSB- so it 's either a partition -LRB- drive C :0 drive C :1 -RRB- or an extra hard drive ! ... it was n't the programs fault , it works very well but it wo n't partition the drive for you , or I ca n't figure it out !
 I bought this home edition upgrade for my old computer , so far i install the upgrade with no problem , is a original upgrade , i did some updates which you nned to do and thas all , the computer is working perfectly . I recommend this windows upgrade to anybody .
 Had to go to Windows XP on my wife 's computer as Windows 98 is no longer supported . It is much better than Vista installed on my own machine .
 It was the easiest thing to put in . was expecting to have problems with it seeing my 2000 , friends told me I would need to have 98 in . But it went right in . Still getting use to the new look , but I can use software I could n't before . What is the best thing is that the local store is selling it for $ 25.00 more . Thanks so much
 After having to upgrade my computer , due to server changes . I found windows xp easy to install and a lot faster than my prior system ! I love this program , everything is faster for downloading and better picture . My only conplaint was with windows Vista which I had purchased at a local store , because of the packaging it was n't clear thet I could n't use it . And the local store -LRB- with their satifaction guarenteed -RRB- would n't take it back because of copyright laws .
 Just wanted to say another fantastic product for my pc . I have been weary of upgrading to Vista and having spoken to several people who work in the IT field they recommended that I work with XP . So based on their recommendation , I had an old machine which I rebuilt and added XP Upgrade service pack 2 . I was able to add the appropriate patches , also installed service pack 3 and I now have a pc that is very fast , application friendly and fantastic .
 Worked pretty well . had a little trouble in the beginning but worked out the bugs eventually .
 Installed this Windows XP SP2 Upgrade of Windows Millennium on a 10 year-old Gateway Professional , which worked with only a couple of hitches . After removing most of my files , the upgrade went fairly well with 128MB of RAM . After the upgraded operating system was working , I added RAM to 512MB and changed out the CDROM drive for a DVD/CD RW drive , with XP SP2 recognizing both changes immediately . After reading some reported experiences on the internet , I was a bit aprehensive ; but the instructions on Microsoft 's web site were very specific and better written than those in the package . Finding the ME product key proved elusive ; but somehow the software found a key that permitted the installation of the upgrade . I like XP SP2 very much and have now downloaded SP3 to the computer . NO BLUE WINDOWS for several weeks now , so it was worth all the effort and aprehensiveness .
 This performs exactly as we expected . Many days had been spent attempting to upgrade from Microsoft 's site with no success and within a few hours we were up and running .
 I used this to upgrade from Me . Follow the directions , and UNLESS YOU GET AN ERROR MESSAGE TELLING YOU THAT YOU CAN NOT PROCEED , JUST LET IT RUN IT 'S COURSE . FOR ME IT TOOK ABOUT 48 HOURS . After installation , you may get a two tone blue screen saying that it needs to check disks , if so , let it ; this also took a long time -LRB- but was part of the 48 hours -RRB- . A few days after installation , install XP Service Pack 3 , to cover additional vulnerabilities . You may occasionally get that blue screen upon start up ; if so , you can just hit the space bar within the 9 seconds to skip that disk check . Maybe sometime you do n't actually need to use your computer you can start it up and let it do the disk check . Good luck . P.S. . If during installation attempts you keep getting an error message that does not let you proceed , there are solutions posted on the net -LRB- just search the exact phrase -RRB- , but I 'm not sure any of those work . Hopefully , at least one time it will let the procees continue into the SLOW but eventually successful phase .
 I tried this out several years ago as a free demo accompanying another Mumbo Jumbo game I was playing . I got some of my sisters hooked on it , but then the demo time ran out . I bought it for my sister as a Christmas gift that same year -LRB- 2009 , I believe -RRB- . We installed and played through it over a span of a few months.The graphics are very much aimed at small children . The beginner levels are floating candy worlds . The intermediate levels could be best described as `` circus at sunset , '' while the advanced levels have a `` midnight carnival '' theme . The music is a lively oompah-polka type . Sometimes it cuts out so you can hear only the pitter-patter of your penguin 's feet.There is a tutorial which familiarizes you with gameplay . I recommend it . During the first time through , you have to unlock the higher difficulties by completing all the levels in the easier ones . After that , you have free reign.The games supports mouse and keyboard control , but I found the keyboard to be more precise.It 's a charming game . There is no violence or death because a parachute deploys if your penguin falls off the level.We have been able to find shortcuts on some levels . Some of the higher difficulties have levels that are very tricky ; the slightest deviation will send you off the level . This got frustrating , and younger children will likely lose interest after a while.Other cons : Music gets annoying after a while.There is no option to save the game . If you want to complete all the levels at a given difficulty , you have to do it in one session or leave the game running while you take care of other stuff.You ca n't turn without going forward . This makes getting out of a tricky situation even trickier.In the Intermediate and Advanced levels , there sometimes seemed to be a difficult level followed by one that seemed stupidly easy or vice versa .
 There is just no way I can state enough how helpfull this DVD is at understanding every aspect of what it takes to be skilled at recording music .
 I liked this game . Being a Humongous Entertainment fan myself , I found that it fit in nicely with the rest of the Freddi Fish universe.One thing that I can always rely on from Humongous is fantastic titles . However , ever since the release of Pajama Sam 4 , I 've doubted that . Overall , highly recommended .
 As embarrassing as it is to admit this , my husband and I are stumped . I went through this game once with my 3-year-old son and made it to the end . The next time my husband played it with him and told me later that he got stuck . I laughed to myself , thinking how smart my husband is , yet ca n't even play a kid 's game . Well , I played it today with my son and , let me tell you , I had to quit without coming near to resolving this . How can an otherwise 36-year-old woman of average intelligence , and a 43-year-old man of slightly above average intelligence not figure this out ? It 's aimed at kids THREE to eight ! We 've clicked on everything possible , but we are n't getting anywhere ! It is a fun game , but I ca n't see a three-year-old figuring it all out -LRB- which is why it gets 4 stars as opposed to 5 -RRB- , or a 36-year-old mother of a 3-year-old . I 'm going to play it again and see if I ca n't do it this time . Obviously we are the only adults with this problem , as no one else wrote anything of the sort in their reviews.If someone could send me a cheat-sheet of sorts , we 'd be highly grateful -LRB- albeit humiliated as well -RRB- . I 'll be up tonight , all night , trying to crack the case of the stolen conch shell . Better luck to the rest of you . Curse you , Humongous Entertainment !
 As a grandparent , I wanted to expose my granddaughter to computer games that would challenge their mind , make them think and leave them with life-long life lessons that would help shape their personality . I think the Pajama Sam and Feddie the Fish games are incredibly ingenious . Realistically , these games are better suited for children nearing five or over , as the games require cognizant skills that most children do not possess until that age . These games make them think creatively to solve problems , and in every version of these games , Pajama Sam and Freddie the Fish have to help others along the way to get to their goals . These games are a much better experience for the child if an adult plays with them to help them figure out the challenges presented during the game . Otherwise , these challenges can become overwhelming for a child , and the child , -LRB- and for that matter adults too , -RRB- can become frustrated and give up . One of the great life lessons . . do n't give up . . keep trying . . and try something different if what you are doing does n't work . My granddaughter and I have spent hours playing these games , and she is totally addicted . The rewards for figuring out the different things that need to get done to finish the game are tremendous , and are huge self-esteem and confidence builders for the child . And , should you get absolutely stuck and ca n't seem to move onward through the game , there is help . In all Windows versions except Vista , simply press F1 anytime during the game to take you to a help menu that will give you clues on how to proceed . Also , let 's say you 've played for awhile and want to quit . By clicking on the computer icon either at the bottom right or bottom left of your screen , you 'll be able to save the spot where you left the game , so that the next time that you play , you can pick up from where you left off . Extremely clever , and well-done games for both children and adults .
 Find the fish/or sea creature , that has stolen the Conch shell by finding clues about each person , and finally allowing Old Soggy to confirm the culprit . This was the first Freddi Fish game I 'd ever played , and I still , the father of the children playing , love it enough to play along and enjoy together . Great for kids and teaching them problem solving along with observation . A wonderful GAME all around !!!
 This is a superb beginning computer game for ages 4 to 8 . Very little reading is involved , but a lot of thinking -LRB- outside the box ! -RRB- , problem-solving and decision-making . Freddi is trying to locate the missing conch shell and figure out who stole it . Along the way he has many opportunities to gather clues and helpful items to assist him in his search . There are a variety of fun games and challenges , and lots of interesting characters to meet . I highly recommend this and the other Freddi Fish games as well !!
 Luckily we also have laptop PCs for our kids to play this on.Looking back we probably should have just gotten the Wii version -LRB- even though itwas hard to find before xmas -RRB- The Wii version is more likely to have been updated , the version we got here -LRB- for both PC and MAC -RRB- is abunch of years old .
 My son is 4 years old and a half . He already knows to use PC . It is the first game I bought for him , and the first game in my entire family . He longs for a game for himself rather than the game in local library he can play for a couple of minutes.He could not finish the game for the first time , for he was too tired after a long period of time playing it . It took me 2 hours or so to finish the game the first time . After learning from me , my son started to win the game . He stucked at the sub-game required to get the mirror , and the sub-game to get the golden pipe from the music room . I think this game in the music room is the most difficult to him . By now , I am not sure whether he fully understands how to count the steps to take the golden pipe or not . When the game randomly alters the path anywhere rather than the music room , it takes him 7 minutes to win . He is the one who found out the method of pressing the Escape-key to cut short the narator 's time -LRB- Freddi herself , or other characters in the game -RRB- . Every time I come back home from work , he called me and show me how fast he won the game . I do not know how many paths the game has , but my son figured all out by himself . I keeps wondering whether I have been such smart when I was at his age ? At that time , I was in Vietnam at the end of the World War II , a farm in countryside with ducks , chickens , and hogs.The game has few paths that lead to different alternatives , and that makes the game last longer than just a single path . When a kid knows all of a game , the game is no longer valuable . It other words , it is expired . This game worths 2 weeks , and sometimes from now , my son comes back to it when he is tired of the other games.This game requires thinking , rather than just pressing the keys fast or at the right moment . It helps my son to watch out for alternatives in the new horizon , and be ready for new solutions . It also helps my son to do well the routine -LRB- when a path is known , the solution becomes routine -RRB- quickly . I think the game in the music room is still valuable , for it offers the concept of negative values . When a kid sees a number without a minus sign , he should learn a concept of positive value . Otherwise , when he sees a number with a minus sign , he should be counting the step backward . Whether it is too early to offer the negative concept to a 4-5 years old kid is still an open question . That is the reason I vote maximum grade to this game .
 This game is one of our favorite Humongous games . It is challenging , yet fun . Once you solve the mystery , they will change the locations of the items that you are to find , so it is not mundane .
 This is a wonderful game for children . The colors are clear and bright and it is a very challenging for kids . They will love it . I got this for my granddaughter and she loves it .
 My 3 yr old loves to play this game ! I love how the case changes every time she plays it . It gives her more like 3 games instead of just one ! Definitely worth it !!!
 I have 3 kids and this set -LRB- Freddy Fish 1-5 -RRB- has been the most popular of all of the CD-ROMs we own and is still going strong after 3 years . These are absolutely awesome . This is an interesting and interactive game in which kids do `` detective '' work and it also features a few basic arcade-type games during the search.Get it , your little ones will LOVE it !
 I used your software to attempt the 100 mi . wilderness from Mt Katadin , Me to munson . It worked wonderful , I wanted to find out just how accurate it would be while knowing that I was able to follow the appalacian trail markers . I down loaded it into my Garmin Extrex along with all of the routs and points of interest . Eg . water important turns , Mountain camp sites etc. and also purchased good maps as a back up.I now use it to navigate all wilderness trips with no doubt as to its getting me where I want to go .
 I 've tried lots of defrag utilities over the years.Diskkeeper , Raxco perfectdisk , Vpoxt , along with the ones that are part of a utility package , like Norton speed-disk that comes inside nortonm systemworks.The one in VCOM suitesystem suite and the one in system mechanic.From what I am seeing firsthand , O&O ; is still the best!YOU choose which way to defrag your drives , based on how YOU use your pc.There are at least 6 different ways.-STEALTH-SPACE-COMPLETE / NAME-COMPLETE/MODIFIED-COMPLETE/ACCESSNot every file can be defragged while windows is up and running ; so there is an OFFLINE defrag choice also.Offline defragging starts BEFORE windows comes up . The defragger runs and cleans up the pagefile.sys and other files that are normally locked by the OS.I also use the RAXCO product called perfectdisk.Coming from a VMS background , we used the VMS version of perfectdisk on our VMS drives.So I trust raxco also , even though it does not have as many defrag choices as O&O ; does.I ca n't find the O&O ; link right now , but O&O ; defrag has a `` Starter '' pack , designed for small biz types.Contains 1 SERVER and 25 WORKSTATION licenses for like $ 750.00 I have used diskkeeper but if I run O&O ; afterwards , O&O ; finds more files/folders to defrag.My 1st choice is O&O ; defrag , my 2nd choice is RAXCO perfectdisk.That 's my 02 cents on defrag utilities.Since most every company offers a 30 day demo , try them out yourself.I have yet to be convinced of diskeeper and allowing it to decide how to defrag my drives . Or that a defragger must run `` multiple times '' , like diskkeeper does.PS . sign up for the O&O ; newsletter , on their website.They have some good email offers from time to time.O & O ; just released their version of a `` ghost '' type of software called DISKIMAGE PRO and it was roughly 1/2 price , to those of us on their mailing list.So I bought it . Plus , it also does backups .
 Vista Defraging tools have slipped to being worse than previous operating systems . You now do n't see any action to your OS defragging . With this utility it does a wonderful job of defraging and shows on screen action so at least you know it 's working . I ca n't understand Microsoft in there not putting a tool like this with their operating system . It sure makes alot of consumers heated up but thanks to O&O V * Professional Edition its worth every penny I have paid for it . A very good product
 quick shipping and have used the product at work on our servers for years without any problems .
 There is not much I can say about this program except that it is the best defrag program I have ever used . It can be alittle pricy but it is well worth it . If you want to defrag your hard drive like never before and get all your ducks in a row this is the program that will do it for you . The version that Amazon sells is V8 .5 . O&O s latest is V8 .6 . Just install it on your computer and then upgrade to version 8.6 right from O&O s web site . It 's a free upgrade . There is one thing I have to mention , the program can take two to three hours to defrag your drive depending on how much space is being used . But that is because I use the defrag by name feature . It puts everything in alphabetical order which takes longer . There are a couple of faster features but they do n't defrag as well as the Name feature . I hope that helps anyone that is looking for a great Defrag Program . Just search Amazon for O&O Defrag V8 Professional Edition or Defrag Software and look for it .
 I use Dragon NaturallySpeaking for a lot of my work as a paralegal and to dictate songs that I have handwritten the words to over the years . I have used it since I injured my hand and could n't type in 2000 . It worked well enough that the lawyers I worked for became interested and I started selling it . It is not the easiest program to learn to use and converting voice to text is not the easiest task for a computer . I have always heard
 I recently heard that people who bought the software abroad could n't update . I bought the software through the site -LRB- a little more costly but comes with backup cd and an immedient download -RRB- . Product works great and I have no problems with it . I would buy lavasofts firewall if it did n't conflict with my Norton 2006 Anti Virus firewall -LRB- trust me NAV 2006 is underrated , but i highly suggest making a system backup and having a computer professional install it because it can cause some problems -RRB- . Although this program has a free version that scans and deletes , the Ad-aware plus has many better features -LRB- ad-watch , VERY faster scans , and other security features -RRB- . I would reccomend this product to everyone , but do n't buy from amazon buy it from lavasofts site , otherwise you probably wo n't be able to download updates for it ...
 This is a great game . As the mother of two grown autistic children , I found that this game helps my boys to spell , hand/eye coordination , and just plain fun . We had originally bought this game years ago , when we had a Windows 95/98 pc . We still have that computer , just for the older games , especially this one . To hear my son laugh or listen to him call out the letters for the spelling game ... it makes me smile . I would recommend this game , provided you have an older pc .
 I think it is a best software on OCR market . It 's easy-to-use , fast , multilingual . It has a lot of possibilities , works with cells , rotated texts , graphics and so . The try-and-buy version are aviable . Enjoy !
 I 've used WinDVD 4,6 and now 7 platinum versions . I 'm impressed . It will play files that neither Real nor Windows Media Player will play . Additionaly , say you 're downloading a movie and you pause it -LRB- and you have a fragmented media file which most players will not play because it is not complete -RRB- ... WinDVD will play it while Real and Windows will not.Also , I bought the new Los Loney Boys CD , which came with some fierce copy protection ... It would n't play on my computer at all ... I tried Real Player , Windows Media , Roxio , Creative ... . and alas , WinDVD played it.The benefits
 This is a Windows only software . Windows 95/98/Me and should do fine on XP -LRB- may need to use Compatibility Program -RRB- .
 Product worked good and installed easy . I do n't like the way Norton works in the back ground and slows down the whole computer .
 I 've been using Norton AntiVirus 2007 on all three of my computers for the past month and it 's the best AV program out there . It sounds to me like most of the reviewers here posting about how bad Norton AntiVirus 2007 is are merely computer illiterate . Never install Norton over-top another Norton , or any AV program for that matter . If Norton says to uninstall something before installing Norton , DO IT ! They 're not telling you to do it for the sake of adding more characters to their installation instructions . They say it because through tests they 've found that certain software can CORRUPT !!! your software . Installation was quick and easy . The first initial scan took a while but that 's okay . Scanning everything in your computer for any hidden threats or virus ' of any kind is what an AV program is supposed to do , right ? And with the added ability to install this program onto multiple computers using the same user name and passcode at registration saves a good bit of money if you have multiple computers such as myself . Read the instructions , do what they tell you to do and you 'll have no problem with Norton AntiVirus 2007 . It 's the best AV program to date .
 I have used NAV for years and years , although my colleages say there is better , faster , more technical virus protection out there , I find Norton Antivirus rugged and reliable , and has caught every virus that has ever sneaked into my system . Easy to set up , and use . Claims to be Vista compatible with a downloadable upgrade , but I dont know , since I gave up on Vista long before I had a chance to install NAV on it . XP loves it . Seems to use resourses appropriately .
 After using Norton antivirus for several years on multiple computers with no problems and the 2006 version ever since it came out , also with no problems , I thought it would be interesting to see what the state of the art was in AV software so I did some research on the Internet . I think complaints about Norton slowing computers are exaggerated and I have never considered my computers slow , I just wanted to see what was out there . Generally , Norton gets decent reviews on most web sites but Kaspersky was often rated higher so I thought I would try it since my Norton subscription was expiring in a few days anyway . I ordered Kaspersky version 6.0 from Amazon for $ 50 with a $ 50 rebate and I thought it does n't get any better than that . I uninstalled Norton and after installing Kaspersky , my computer continuously restarted . The manual tells what to do in such an event but their solution did n't work . I called their tech support and spent two hours on the phone trying to correct the problem . I downloaded and ran the Norton uninstaller , I downloaded and ran the Kaspersky uninstaller , I downloaded and installed Kaspersky version 7.0 . We tried everything that the tech could think of , same problem . I asked him if this was a common problem and he said yes even though the manual says it is rare . It was late in the day and I was tired from the effort so I asked the tech if we could continue the next day and he said he would call me at 8 a.m. the next morning . Well , I 've been around awhile and I doubted that he would call , and he did n't . After reviewing everything I had read about antivirus software and considering my experience with Norton , I downloaded and installed Norton antivirus 2008 . It was easy and it 's working perfectly . I 'm sure that Kaspersky is excellent software if it works for you , but it did n't work for me and I 'm not interested in going to all the effort it would require to try to make it work . I can count on one hand the number of times I have needed tech support for hardware or software so the fact that Norton charges for tech support is not important to me since I 've never needed it anyway . I may try a different program someday , something like Nod 32 if they fix their interface , but for now I 'm going to go by the old adage `` if it ai n't broke do n't fix it '' .
 I have free McAfee with my broadband . It works fine on my powerful desktop , but , when I downloaded it onto my very basic notebook , it took up to eight mins . to get to the point when I could finally use it . Out of frustration , I was recommended installing NORTON and now my boot -- up time is less than a minute . NORTON does a good job and does n't take over my computer like the other guy .
 I purchased this product for my daughter who is a senior in college . So far , the product has worked fine . I give it 4 stars because it takes about 45 minutes to run ; this seems a little excessive to me .
 Installed fast after uninstalling my previous version with no difficulty!Already stopped two virus 's dead in there tracks !
 Norton Antivirus software has been on my computer for many years . I upgraded to the newest version and could n't be happier . It 's easy to use and automatic updates keeps my computer safe with the latest antivirus information . Symantec has been in the business for a long time and i 'm confident that their product work well . Highly recommended .
 Product is a standard in the industry . Performs as expected . Only problem with this version was updating it with a dial-up line which took one hour . That can be a long time . The file scans which should be done on a routine basis also take about an hour , which can also be a long time .
 This product works exactly as advertised . I had some conflicts with existing Norton products during the initial installation . The Symantec Help Line was very helpful . Basically I had to search for , and delete , all Norton and Symantec files . The Visa rebate debit card initially presented some problems . Once I located a checker savy enough to understand what they were doing , it finally cashed . I would certainly have preferred an old fashioned check !
 Have used product for many years and this is best version yet . Easy install updater keeps current .
 We have owned 14 PC 's and now a MAC . In the last 10 years , we have never had a problem with Norton products . I recommend them to anyone who wants ease of use and excellent customer service.Some of the problems people in these reviews are complaining about things that either can be easily fixed or has something to do with their conflict of another program.Obviously , you do not run two simultaneous virus programs . Unistall any other previous versions of any Anti-Virus programs . Then install your new one.The bottom line , before you read hothead reviews , do a little research . I am a 10 year user of Norton with no problems . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Norton AntiVirus 2007After reading all the negative reviews on Norton AntiVirus 2007 , such as
 Have had no problems with the software . It update 's itself and works great !
 Product was easy to install once I removed the 30-day trial of Norton Internet Security . So far ... so good .
 I have purchased this product for the last 2 years , and so far I am very pleased with the results . The software is easy to use and install . With the rebate from amazon , this product was a great deal .
 The Norton Antivirus program works as promised . Very user friendly . We have been using Norton Antivirus products for many years , and have always been satisfied .
 I 've been using Norton 's AntiVirus for over 10 years and it has always come through . From what I understand , it 's the best out there .
 I always use norton antivirus products and have never had a computer problem in 14 years
 I just got this last week because of the thirty Dollar rebate . Seems much better than its predecessor . It did ask me to un-install Zone alarm security suite , but then I was going to do that anyway . I am sure someone will say Norton is the worst of the lot , but then again , no anti-virus is perfect . I 've had terrific luck with Norton over the past decade . So I 'll stick with it . Use a combination of Norton AV & zone alarm firewall.Update 10/25/06 : I 've been using this product for about 3 weeks now & find it very reliable . People keep mentioning the fact that it incompatible with Zonealarm , which is INCORRECT . I had zonealarm security suite -LRB- which included an antivirus & an antispyware -RRB- installed before I installed Norton & I was asked to uninstall zonealarm completely . That makes perfect sense . Once I installed Norton Anti-virus I re-installed Zonealarm firewall with antispyware -LRB- antivirus not included -RRB- & it runs just fine . There are no conflicts at all.In addition to that I 'd like to mention the fact that version 2007 is not just `` an improved 2006 version '' but its an all new program with much of the code written from ground up .
 Norton AntiVirus 2007Unfortunately the SystemWorks 2007 does not work with MS Windows Vista , the stand alone version of Anti Virus 2007 does . You will need to visit the Norton website for the Vista upgrade download.The three versions of SystemWorks are troublesome ; the basic edition does not include Anti-virus ; why Symantec bothered with this one . There support is not what it used to be or should be . But they are better than the competition.They should quit diluting the product line and focus on customer service for their core products .
 I , too , used to complain about Norton 's poor customer service and the awful inability to smoothly upgrade . That was until I tried two other major products at home and changed employers to one with another major Norton competitor -LRB- products included McAfee 's AntiVirus , ComputerAssociates ' eTrust , and a couple of well-rated free-ware packages -RRB- . The bottom line is protection without getting in the way . According to numerous reviews , Norton provides excellent protection . In addition , it has the ability to exclude known safe directories and it stops protecting almost immediately when you realize that it 's spending a lot of CPU cycles scanning a known good file and you ask it to stop -- for example , the eTrust menu allows you to tell it to stop , but it does n't take effect until the next transaction , which is too late to speed up a lengthy , trustworthy transaction . Norton is easy and intuitive to configure , even in its significantly more complex Internet Security package.All of the products I 've tried , including major ones , fail in one or all of these key attributes.Therefore , I 'll put up with Norton 's awful renewal process and weak customer service in order to have a product that does what it 's designed to do and that is flexible enough to be reasonable about it.Since recent reviews reveal that no single product provides good coverage against spyware , I do supplement Norton 's product with periodic scans for spyware using `` AdAware '' and `` Pest Patrol '' , and I keep `` Startup Inspector '' installed and on guard .
 I have used Synmatec products for many years and have been fairly pleased by them . However , do n't buy the upgrade or renew your subscription until AFTER your current subscription runs out because Synmatec will not give you credit for the un-used portion of your previous subscription . I asked and they said `` no way '' . That aspect of `` customer service '' is very disappointing .
 I am very pleased with the purchase , the speed in which I received it and the performance is very good . I have used Norton for 4 yrs . and am very pleased with it.Amazon is very good to deal with and I will RETURN for more items as I need them .
 I have been using this product for 10 years . Over that time I 've had a number of viruses try to sneak onto my machine via email , web surfing , whatever . And this product has caught every one . Since I 've been on the Internet , I can honestly say that I have never had one single bit of nasty stuff on my computer , thanks to this product . I buy it every year . It has always installed without any problem , updates itself every few days , and I never have to give it any thought.But the rebate program should be investigated by the Attorney General ! Every year , I buy it with a rebate that makes it nearly free . For example , this year Amazon was charging $ 36.99 with free shipping & a $ 30 rebate . What a country ! I read all the fine print , filled out the forms , and checked everything closer than my 1040 . I mailed it and two weeks later , received an email that I had n't included the UPC code . I emailed them asking where I could send the photocopy of my original entry I had kept showing the UPC attached . They then set the status to `` approved '' and I expect my rebate shortly . THE EXACT SAME THING HAPPENED LAST YEAR ! Apparently they just deny every entry , and then approve them when the person claims to have documentation.My advice
 Purchased this as part of a tax software deal . Almost did not install due to problems listed on this site . After 3 month subscription to 2006 expired went ahead with 2007 install . No major problems . One minor glitch was that preinstallation scan inexplicably aborted . Parental controls not as good as cyber patrol .
 This product helps to protect and safeguard my computer from unwanted attempts at hacking into my system . A must have for the mobile professional .
 This is a decent version of Symantec 's Norton Antivirus line . It did slow my XP system down at first , but has run well on my laptop 's Vista system . I got it to work well with XP by disabling some of the alerts and reducing the threat levels to medium . Thus said , it 's reliable and it has done a good job of blocking two threats.However , my only drawback is that you have to pay extra to get a multiple user version whereas the old days it would install on all my computers without having to purchase extra licenses . In that respect it 's a ripoff . Also , I think from reading other reviews that the older Norton versions prior to 2005 were much better and I will admit that I dread each new version that comes out.Thus , I would suggest buying a slightly older version and just pay for the renewal instead of going out and buying the latest version every year .
 Loaded the program onto my computer . Everything arrived fine , I thought it would have a box or something but all it was was the cd rom .
 Like some others , I was almost scared off Norton AntiVirus 2007 by the negative reviews , but buying this software was much cheaper -LRB- after rebate -RRB- than renewing my Norton AntiVirus 2006 subscription , so I did it , and I 'm glad . No problems at all . My only gripe is that I do n't think users should have to buy a new version every year in order to avoid a $ 40 hit .
 I installed Norton Antivirus 2007 immediately after installing Windows Vista , Office 2007 and other software on a new computer . Installation ran smoothly . LiveUpdate ran automatically and updated the product without a hitch.Norton AntiVirus 2007 not only detects viruses , it detects spyware and rootkits as well . It has an inbound firewall , and apparently some limited outbound firewall capabilities . It does not protect against phishing , identity theft , or spam , nor does it contain full outbound firewall protection.When installed on Windows Vista , Norton Antivirus takes over for Windows Defender and the Windows Firewall . I did not expect the latter ; Symantec should have made it more clear that this product includes a software firewall . Norton AntiVirus integrates well with Windows Security Center.Norton AntiVirus 2007 is noticeably quicker both in normal operation and during full scans than previous versions . Norton AntiVirus has always performed well in industry comparisons against other antivirus products . The only other product that I would use myself is McAfee VirusScan , but I have always felt that Norton AntiVirus does a more aggressive job of protecting my system.For those of you installing Norton AntiVirus 2007 as an upgrade , I would highly recommend that you first remove any existing Norton security products using Add/Remove Programs in the Control Panel . Then , download and run the Norton Removal Tool from the Symantec site to make sure that it 's all gone.To see a comparison chart of the Norton 2007 Windows protection products as of this posting date , browse to Symantec 's site , click on `` Norton 2007 Products '' under Home Products , click on related link `` View All Products '' and then click `` Compare '' next to PC Security .
 It was with a sense of abject dread -LRB- because of all the negative reviews -RRB- that I purchased this software a week or two ago from Amazon.I was depressed knowing I was spending my precious cash on what would so obviously prove to be an * inferior * product . *** My 2006 subscription was about to run out -LRB- which it did yesterday -RRB- . The time had come to update to next year 's version.Not being able to put it off any longer , I removed all traces of NAV 2006 from my system and rebooted.After rebooting , I inserted the NAV 2007 disk into my CD drive . I was prompted to install the software . No sooner did I begin the process when I ran into a snag . It indicated that I must remove ZoneAlarm . This filled me with despair because I remembered how everyone was reporting how it is incompatible with their ZoneAlarm firewall software.So , this means I wo n't be able to use a firewall with it ? That ai n't no way to live . I 'll be vulnerable on the internet without a firewall!Well , having no other choice , I did as it said . I removed all ZoneAlarm components and rebooted the system . *** I began the process of installing NAV 2007 again . Lo and behold ! The process began and ended without a hitch ! *** But what about my ZoneAlarm?I decided to verify for myself whether or not ZA and NAV could coexist on my poor pitiably slow nearly 5 year old Dell Dimension desktop.I went to the ZoneAlarm website and downloaded their latest * free version * and installed it -LRB- I entered my license key later , as I own the Pro version -RRB- . There quite simply was no problem encountered . *** I now have NAV 2007 and my ZoneAlarm Pro softwares getting along with each other swimmingly -LRB- for the moment anyway -RRB- . *** It seems to me that there is no inherent conflict between the two.My guess is that many people simply are not realizing that they * must * first remove ZA/ZAP and all its components completely from their systems -LRB- make sure you reboot after removing -RRB- and * then * begin the process of installing NAV fresh . *** The installation of the 2007 version actually seemed a quicker and smoother process than the 2006 version had been the year before . -LRB- I remember having had some inital troubles with it . -RRB- *** I hope I have been able to allay some of the abject fear and dread of this product for people whose NAV subscriptions are about to run out . *** I can not guarantee that * you * wo n't have any installation problems simply because everybody 's pc system may have its own particular incompatibility issues with any given software . *** I have to give this product a glowing five stars based on my experience with it -LRB- so far anyway -RRB- . If I happen to encounter any problems later regarding the product , I will update this review . *** If anyone -LRB- other than me -RRB- is able to verify that ZA and NAV can be used together without problems , please post your experiences in reviews here so that people are helped.I hope I have been helpful to you . *** Friday September 21 , 2007
 I have read many people have had serious issues with this software , however , that mostly stems from computer and software ignorance rather than Norton 2007 being a poor program . Many people complain this program slows down their computer to the point they can not use it . First of all , you do n't need to set this software to run a virus scan when you turn on your computer . If you do this , you 're simply an idiot . This program prevents you from acquiring viruses in the first place so running a scan at start up is completely frivolous . You only really need to run a scan maybe once a week and that 's just for the heck of it really.This anti-virus software has blocked at least a couple dozen viruses , trojans , and port attacks on my computer . I 've had this software since the beginning of 2007 and I 've been nothing but pleased with its performance . Any anti-virus program -LRB- when running a scan -RRB- uses up a large chunk of system resources . However , as I stated before , there 's no reason to run a scan at startup or more than once a week b/c this program prevents you from acquiring any virus or trojans in the first place . Remember , do n't set it to run a scan at start up and if you do run a scan , do n't do anything else that 's system resource intense while running it.Another major point , make sure you delete your termporary internet files at least once a month . All those old web page pictures and such , from sites you 'll never go to again , end up getting scanned b/c they are saved on your computer . Norton having to scan all this old junk takes a lot of time . If you delete this once a month , you 'll cut down the time of the scan by almost half ... seriously!Also , make sure you defragment at least quarterly during the year . Installing/uninstalling programs leads to slower performance b/c files get fragmented . Also , make sure you have a decent hard drive in the first place . You should have at least an 80 gig by today 's standards ... and if yours is smaller , make sure you 've got several gigs of free space at least . If not , of course your computer is going to run slowly no matter what you 're doing ... especially during a virus scan . It 's up to you to take care of your computer and keep it running efficiently . If you do n't , it 's your fault not the software you 're using . If you 're hardware is out of date , it 's time to upgrade and get with the times people.If you 're using an old/weak computer , of course you 're going to experience a great decline in your system performance when running a scan . That 's your problem for not having an updated system not the software 's problem . If you are n't running a scan , this program does not drain your system resources and sits ready to stop any intrusion attempts when they occur . I 'm using a P4 3.2 gig HT with 1 gig of RAM . Pretty basic tech by today 's new duo and quad cores being the new standard . If you do n't have at least a P4 that 's running at least 2.8 gig ... you 're way behind the times and need to update your pc or laptop . Do n't blame the software for being slow when it 's your pc or laptop that 's egregiously out of date.Bottom line , Norton 2007 has proved itself to be a great product time and time again . It has saved me dozens of times from viruses , trojans , and intrusion attempts . Stop blaming this software for your ignorance and out of date computers .
 First , I 'd changed from NAV 2005 to another major anti-virus product due to the negative reviews I 'd read about NAV 2006 . I 'd been pleased with the other product as long as I ran Windows XP . However , after I installed Windows Vista and downloaded the `` Vista-compatible '' version of the other product , Vista began to pop up messages that the other A/V program had shut down -LRB- even though it was actually running most of the time -RRB- . I also noticed my web pages in both IE 7 as well as Firefox 2 loading very , very slowly . In doing research online , I begin to find reports from other users that suggested the other A/V software was causing the problem . After exploring my options I decided to give the 15-day trial version a shot -LRB- based on the bad reviews here and elsewhere -RRB- . I 'm happy to say that NAV 2007 installed without a hitch . My web pages are loading briskly and I have n't noticed any performance hits due to NAV . I 'm only sorry I waited so long to return to NAV . One Tip to Vista users
 I have used antivirus programs -LRB- Norton , McAfee , and others -RRB- for about 15 years , with varying degrees of satisfation . Trying to see through the hype , and try new versions and/or products , has frequently led to frustration and dissatisfaction . For the last 5 years or so , I have settles on Norton Antivirus for my personal computers -LRB- as has my son -RRB- . It is not perfect but , for me , does the best job .
 This is a really good product . Many products are all the same , but this one is really good . This is the best player I 've used because it is very organized and easy to use .
 Bom eu estou acabando de atualizar o Norton , acho que &eacute; um produto muito eficaz e vale a pena comprar o original , o preo hoje esta muito acessivel mesmo aqui no brasil . O Norton Puro sem o Internet Security no &eacute; to pesado quanto dizem , as maquinas de hj rodam ele sem nenhum problema.Vlw Michael D.
 I have used the Edmark titles in my own computer classes and find them very useful.Pluses : Colorful charactersProgressive lessons and skill levelsimilar interface for the other Edmark titles -LRB- Carnival Countdown , Number heroes , Calculating crew -RRB- Negatives : Some activities require touchy mouse controls
 My daughter really likes this game . It challenges her math skills . The levels increase quickly which can be a little frustrating for her . Over all we like it .
 This item arrived before the ETA . I was surprised when I received it . Works fine but can not have it on full screen on my windows 7 -LRB- and in the vista computer -RRB- . My kid likes it very much since they have been using it at school .
 I educate my two boys at home , ages 5 and 6 . We 've been working on learning about coin values all year , using real money . It was n't until they played this game that my 6 year-old has finally got it ! He can now make a plan for adding coins to get a total value . I could see he was getting it as he 's telling his brother what to do while playing the game . I took my cue and got the money back out . This was a great addition to what we were already doing and at a great price too ! I love the fact that the child can control the difficulty level at any time . They know when it 's too easy or too hard and can find the `` just right '' spot !
 If you have a computer and you like pinball , this one is the quintessential no-brainer . This collection packages four of the best pinball sims ever produced and practically gives them away . And yes , these are sims , not just video games posing as such -LRB- read
 I bought each of these games separately as they were released over the past several years for over thirty bucks each each and thought they were a deal then ! I ca n't believe you can get all 4 for so much less now.If you are a pinball fan -- a REAL pinball fan , you will LOVE these . They will make you think you are playing a late 90 's Williams/Bally table . Super-hyper realistic does n't fully describe how realistic these are . But be warned
 Buy this one ! It rocks ! This extremely realistic pinball collection is a must for anyone who loves pinball . It has a great `` feel '' to it & I find myself playing for hours ! The tables allow you to play a `` new '' machine or a beat up old machine . You can even increase the `` angle '' of the pinball machine as to increase speed & action - & you can alter other aspects of your machine . I would definitely purchase all four games included in this collection individually if I had to . Very cool indeed .
 I paid ~ $ 15 for TimeShock a few years ago . I was absolutely FLOORED by the realistic gameplay . I already owned several pinball games from Sierra , etc. and I can tell you that TimeShock was so far ahead of those , I have never played a single one of them even once since . Graphics , gameplay , adjustable settings -LRB- in system menus that mimic a real table -RRB- -- incredible ! In fact , that 's your one risk in buying these -- that you 'll become so spoiled you 'll never be able to play another computer pinball game . That 's why I 'm thrilled to discover today that a four-pack from Pro * Pinball is available , so I will have more than one pinball game to play again . I ca n't wait to get it .
 The absolute best , hands-down ! The tables are extremely realistic , enjoyable and addictive . I ca n't wait for their future games . This package is a steal . I still have n't experienced all the surprises and incredible graphics that await in higher levels/scores but I know they 'll be great .
 After trying out Big Race U.S.A. at a friends house , I set out to find the complete Pro-Pinball series . I found it with this collection . When I recieved the package , I immediately went to my computer and installed them . I am totally satisfied with this collection . It is the ultimate pinball simulation for true pinball fans ! You will spend hours trying to master each table !
 4 games for around $ 4.00 . not bad . All the pro pinball games are great with very good physiscs . The tables are so close to the real thing that it includes an operators mode where you can change options , ect ... There 's been talk about gamefest not including the music for timeshock and the web . That 's a bunch of BS . Apparantly , it 's a bug that 's causing no music to be heard , which apears when you run the game the first time , after that , you should hear music.One way you can confirm this is by puting this disc in your cd player and skip to track 2 . It lost one star because Big race usa and Fantasic J. runs slow when more than 2 balls are in play . Even though I 'm using a powerful system . And even when I patched it . Very dissapointing.But in timeshock you can have up to 20 balls and no lag even at 1600 * 1200 * 32 or 16Even with those minor problems , this package is a must have .
 After trying out Big Race U.S.A. at a friends house , I set out to find the complete Pro-Pinball series . I found it with this collection . When I recieved the package , I immediately went to my computer and installed them . I am totally satisfied with this collection . It is the ultimate pinball simulation for true pinball fans ! You will spend hours trying to master each table !
 This package includes all 4 highly acclaimed Empire pinball simulations . The Web , Timeshock , Big Race USA and Fantastic Journey . I am not going to even bother writing about each individual game as many on amazon have already done so for each . The manuals in this package are on the cds . To get all 4 of these wonderful simulations for such a low price is truly a great deal .
 These are the best computer pinball games available . Challenging , responsive , great graphics , complex . They are awesome .
 I bought the earliest version of this product , but after Version 4 -LRB- the first Better Homes and Garden version -RRB- quality went out the window . Somewhere along the way I learned that the early versions -LRB- not the later ones -RRB- had been designed by the company that makes Chief Architect . I just talked to them and learned that their DIY level series called Home Designer is compatible with all the plans produced by the early version of 3DHA , and the price for their most basic version is very reasonable . . I give five stars to the possibility of a better upgrade , NOT to the post-1999 version of 3DHA .
 For home use this product delivers . It creates accurate floor plans with ease . It does n't replace profession CAD drawing software but for the price it ca n't be beat .
 This is a great program and easy to use , the end product was good enough to submit to my contractors for bidding on my new house .
 This is what I believe to be the best of the early HumongousEntertainment games * of that era * . Designed to fly on a 25MHz386 its graphics obviously are n't comparable to more recentgames , but I think its educational value is still first rate.For example , Putt-Putt has to chase down another characterin an apartment complex , and our child never realized she wasbeing drilled in grid co-ordinates in the process . This gameis of most value for younger children who will require theassistance of a parent , given that parent enjoys observingtheir child in clearly delineated mental tasks ; memory of theflashing light sequence that open the gate , the grid system,co-operation in rocket assembly and the usual problem solvinginherent in these `` Adventure '' type games . This game was ourdaughters favorite until Freddi Fish came along.Writing this review reminded me of how much I enjoyed seeinga shy 4 year old take control of a computer and expand hermental capacity ; I ca n't say that about more recent favorites , such as the Final Fantasy series .
 Exciting game for kids to let their imagination unfold . It provides a sense of suspense in the child 's mind as they play , for they do n't know what 's gon na be next in the game . It 's fun !!
 According to my 5-year old kid , game is easy , and the graphics is a little bit poor -LRB- it 's only VGA -RRB- ; as compared to `` travel through time '' .
 As a little one , I was obsessed with Put Put games . This one was one of my favorites . Sadly , I ca n't remeber how challenging it was or anything . But as a teen , I do remeber all the good times I had with this .
 this is a fun game within the super solver series but some of the math gets annoyed . when i played this i also found it to be a bit creepy because the tv robot could sneak up on you . a great game though .
 If you 've ever thought about playing the guitar . . If rock riffs and guitar solos seem hard to you . . this is definitely what you need . An incredible product that makes everything as easy as it possibly could be , with user-friendly software and a superb assortment of styles - try this out and surprise your family and friends with Media Guitar Method 2 !
 Although this product is extremely helpful you need to know that this is not the latest version . The latest version is Intermediate Guitar Method and its in any interested customers best interest to consider , before perchasing this older version .
 Unless you 're really dedicated to self-taught guitar techniques , and are prepared to spend hours trying to figure out what 's being said on this self-instruction computer video , do n't bother.I found Guitar 1 very useful and user friendly . Not so with Guitar 2 . I bought this a long time ago and am writing this review to get it off my list , but if I knew then what I know now , I would n't have bought it . I 'm just waiting for someone to ask me , `` Do you know where I can find a video to teach me how to play a guitar ? '' When that happens , I have a great two-piece gift for them - Guitar 1 and an -LRB- almost -RRB- unused Guitar 2 .
 love this game , I use to play it for hours back in grade school.Reminds me of a time where windows 3.1 and DOS ruled the world .
 I fondly remember this computer game . I played it every chance I could back in the 90s . For the first time since I got it , I bemoan the fact that I own a Mac and ca n't play this ! < / 3 I wish they 'd make it compatible !
 My daughter was pleased I found this . She loved it as a kid and wants to have it for her daughter .
 not really much to it , but the girl enjoyed it - the game only gets really hard at the end . in any case , better for her than tv .
 Mission T.H.I.N.K is a wonderful learning and problem solving game . The game starts out very easy . When you build a car the first time you may just have to pick the color to complete the task . Then you have particular colors , tops , bodies , tires , radio or no . These all have to be completed to specification . There are a lot of other mini games also . You have to use logic as they get more complicated . Although it says it 's for children , I 'm an adult and I love this game . I played my original game several times over . If you want to teach your children logic this is a great game for it.I originally used this on ME . I now have XP and it would n't load . I left it in the computer , turned the computer off and then on and it loaded . You do have to have the cd in the computer to play . Just the way it was originally set up I guess .
 My stage name is Rick Curtis and I have used Acid 2.0 to write 2,078 songs . It is real music recorded on `` loops '' which you paste one after another and can change note , speed of play , FX or no . You can purchase further guitar loops , drum loops , horn loops , etc. , in many styles from country to jazz to rock , etc. . It takes about two months to master it and than you just get better and better . I have had 34 # 1 songs on the internet , been called 3 times by a major record company president , invited to Nashville to record , etc. . My sister said
 I have been using the GoBack tool for close to 9 months . This tool saves me from a lot of disasters . This tool can bring your whole system back to the conditions of previous time . One of my computers is running with Win98 OS . I installed the Win98SE OS onto it . But the whole system hung after this OS update !! I was able to use GoBack to bring the system back to the time before I installed the Win98 SE OS . So , I virtually uninstalled the Win98 SE OS update at all.With GoBack , I feel comfortable to install various tools/packages . If something goes wrong , instead of using the `` un-install '' application , I just use GoBack to move the whole system back to the old time.This is a tool you must to have .
 This is the utility to have . I have installed it on all 3 of my computers because it can be a lifesaver in an emergency . When I accidentally downloaded a virus last month I just used GoBack to set my computer back to a time before the virus . When I want to rid my computer of programs I installed , I use GoBack so that it 's if they were never there .
 The negative reviews of Goback 4.0 caused me to seek out 3.0 , which seems to be more widely admired . A great experience for me . 3.0 works perfectly on my computer with Windows XP Professional . Goback is great insurance to step back from problems on your system .
 Re
 Voyetra / Turtle Beach is no longer issuing Product IDs for discontinued products -LRB- such as the Digital Orchestrator series -RRB- . If you are purchasing this item , make sure the seller can give you the ID number . If not , you will not be able to complete the install.Otherwise , enjoy . DOP was my first sequencer and can be relatively powerful without too much learning curve . The audio quality is surprisingly good ; the format is proprietary , not . wav , and is stored with each song instead of as separate files on the hard drive . I recommend also using a dedicated audio editing app such as Sound Forge or Cool Edit , as there 's not too much you can do with the audio in DOP ... to be fair , the basic functions are there -LRB- normalizing and some funky effects -RRB- and audio editing is pretty easy in the track window . The MIDI portion is comprehensive and flexible , and I still prefer DOP 's MIDI track view editing to the way Cubase & Sonar do it .
 With a little music knowledge and creativity , this program can help you produce master pieces . The on screen tutorial was very helpful . You definately need to do the tutorial before you get into it . I highly recomend you try this program . It 's a hoot
 This is a wonderful , easy-to-use piece of software for constructing digital audio tracks and MIDI tracks ... and it 's really simple to learn . I 'm just a lousy beginner , and I mastered this bit in no time . There are tons of great MIDI sounds on here , and lots of options out there make this the funnest product for producing music . I would recommend this to those who are just trying out MIDI sequencers . It 's a lot of fun , very cool , and very easy . Without the quality and many options this software provides , I would n't be producing what other people call beautiful MIDI tracks . I can go on chanting about the wonders of this software , but I will say now that it is definitely worth your money . Cakewalk should walk the plank , if you know what I mean .
 This product is truly one of the best . It is easy to use and understand . I would recomend it above Cakewalk any day .
 I am no computer wizard and I am having a ball with this program . I use WAVE rather than midi , The program is really designed for midi , and have good recordings of my brother and I playing our tunes , -LRB- keyboard and guitar -RRB- , transferred to CD . The sound is exceptional . Using WAVE you can record 4 different tracks and balance the sound . With Midi the possibilities are limitless . I have yet to learn all of the program 's features , -LRB- tutorial included for us dummies -RRB- . Want to simply record your guitar playing on a CD ? This program is for you !
 My son is ten and he says it 's challenging . It make you think and has a lot of different challenges . It has several levels . Therefore it does not get boring . It 's very similar to the movie but has a lot things that does not have nothing to do with the movie . The game focus on the main idea of the movie . Compared to other games he 's played it 's longer and challenging . As a parent , I would recommend this to age 7-14 .
 Space Quest 4 is a wonderful entry in a series about the bumbling , world-saving janitor , Roger Wilco . In this game , Roger finds himself shot into the future , where he must save the future from * gasp * Sludge Vohaul , who has his data saved on a computer . It 's up to Roger to stop Sludge and his villainous `` Sequel Policemen '' and to save the future from what it has become.This is a great game . It 's a point and click adventure game where you control Roger Wilco . You have talk , touch , smell , lick , and walk functions , which you use to navigate the games . Well , actually the smell and lick functions are more like humorous side notes rather than things you do to progress in the game , but they 're still funny.There are a lot of puzzling challenges in this game , and it 's a game both me and my brother had to figure out together . It challenges your mind without being too complex , as long as you do n't spoil the experience with a walkthrough . One of the hardest challenges is figuring out how to get past the Sequel Policemen in the mall , and even to this day I find those policemen more intimidating than most other baddies I 've seen in a video game . Of course , failures are pretty funny , and like all Space Quest games , there are assorted ways to get yourself killed , each accompanied by a snarky comment from your narrator.The only real trouble with this game is that you need DOS BOX to play it , as it 's so old it does n't work on modern computers . Still , that 's not a big deal , and DOS BOX is free . Enjoy this game and enjoy the good ol' days of the nineties .
 This product works great but I must warn you that you will find things about your kids , teenagers for sure , that you did not expect . If you have the feeling that my child would never do that ... check ! My straight A 12 year old was watching porn while I would go to the store . . would have NEVER guessed that . It has changed everything about how the internet is handled at my house !
 I bought Big Brother because of the hype . Big mistake . No customer service by phone , bad customer service online . It took me three months of badgering to get my money back . Now I bought this product . After I loaded it I could not see how to access my password and get to the settings . I called on a Sunday and Bob was there . He was very helpful . Told me they have 24/7 customer support except Christmas . He was great and took a few minutes to help me set the features as well . My initial reactions are that it captures everything . And it actually works -LRB- unlike Big Brother , which never worked no matter how many times I reloaded it as their customer service kept telling me to do -RRB- . Buy Spector and I think you 'll be happy .
 If you 're a parent who 's concerned about what your teenager is doing or viewing on myspace or facebook or youtube or any site , then this is the monitoring program to get . Do n't waste your time with less expensive programs . I love the snapshots it takes , the timeline , and the keystrokes the best . After a few days , I checked the amount of time my daughter spent on myspace and found she `` wasted '' 11 hours doing virtually `` nothing ! ''
 I once heard Judge Judy say , `` How can you tell when a teenager is lying ? When they open their mouths ! '' If you really want to know what your teenager is up to on Myspace , you need this . A little pricey , but so well worth it . I am not as computer savvy as my kid , but I installed it and got more than an eyeful to help guide my child to the right path . It is also completely hidden , so it has n't been detected ! I stay one step ahead of my child in this world of so many confusing mixed messages to entice them to make choices that they may regret later .
 This product works well for tracking teenager activity . Provides email , IM , keystroke activity as well as screen shots . Since it saves so much data , you need to keep up with deleting files , but this is an excellent monitoring tool .
 This is the perfect product for parents who wish to keep their children safe on the computer . It allows one to see every single keystroke that is typed on the computer . The screenshots are awesome because you can see the context within which the keystrokes were typed .
 Spector Pro 6.0 I knew I needed to keep an eye on my teens online activities but I was n't sure how to go about it . I got Spector Pro and was amazed at how it recorded EVERY detail . Facebook , IM , surfing ... It even emails me keyword alerts if a particular word I choose is typed . My kids are pretty good kids but I like knowing when I do want to review things , I can so I can have piece of mind ... or the option to take action before things get out of hand .
 I bought this when I became worried about my daughter on the internet . I find it extremely easy to use . It works as advertised , it is amazing . I feel I can sleep at night.Highly recommended
 We have 4 children between 10-16 . This product does an amazing job letting us monitor where they have been and what they are up to . I 'd strongly encourage any family with kids using the internet to purchase this product . What you do n't know CAN hurt . We found out accidentally things that they did n't expect us to find out . Now we know what 's going on so there are no more surprises .
 The program is very intuitive . I found it easy to install & use . There 's no end to the features , so I 'm more than happy .
 I purchased Spector Pro 6 months ago when I started to notice my son staying up late -LRB- on school nights -RRB- on the computer . He has always had a computer in his room , but now that he is a teenager my wife and I agreed he needed to be monitored for his own protection.One night when our son was at a sleepover I called SpectorSoft and purchased Spector Pro andSpectorsoft EBlaster 6.0 Security and Monitor Software - Windows . I am not the best with computers so the helpful gentleman offered to assist me with the installation of the software . The entire installation process took 5 MINUTES and that 's all!Not only is Spector Pro a 5 Star product , SpectorSoft offers 24/7 5 Star Support!I highly recommend Spector Pro if you need to monitor your children -LRB- and yes you do need to monitor them -RRB- .
 Spector Pro works as well as it claims . It 's a great tool for monitoring your preteen / teen . It 's well worth every dime .
 Spector Pro is an amazing program . It works just as advertised with many new features not on earlier versions . The fact that I can block out periods of time that I do n't want the kids on the internet yet still allow them to use the computer is a big advantage . It records everything !! The kids have tried every way to comunicate with others thinking that they were skirting the program . It did n't work . Well worth the money for the knowledge they they are n't doing things that are not appropiate . Highly recomended !!
 I have a teenager who I really needed to monitor closely on the internet . The software was easy to install and set up . You can even keep it from showing up as a program with a key sequence . The page opens with tabs for all the things you could possibly want to track as well as view any accounts they open including i.d. and passwords ! I would strongly recommend this application .
 For years it has been a struggle to control my two kids computer use . . yes , passwording the logon completely prevented use without my permisssion but once on my ability to monitor their activity was minimal at best ... Several weeks ago I found that my 14 yr old son had begun visiting inappropriate web sites ... We had `` the talk '' but not surprisingly it did n't stick ... So after a fair amount of research I purchased Spector Pro ... sure it 's a little pricy but the results were spectacular ... most importantly it eliminated the `` trust question '' inherent in parent/child agreements . . After two weeks of use I can honestly say I would have been thrilled with the results if it had cost $ 400 !! At $ 100 it is a steal !! Some comments on the product ; 1 -RRB- Make certain to turn off all anti-virus programs before begining installation ! I ignored that instruction because well , I usually do and rarely have a problem . This time the program would n't work until I did an uninstall and reinstall .2 -RRB- While I 'm not a geek , I am fairly knowledgeable but still found set-up of the remote monitoring feature to be complex and confusing . It took four tries and about an hour before I got it right . -LRB- if you are less stubborn than I a call to tech support would be in order -RRB- 3 -RRB- The screen shot feature is great but lacks a speedy enough `` fast forward '' button ; it can get pretty tedious if you have more than a couple of days of data to look through .4 -RRB- The scheduling feature is fabulous !! Your child can use the computer for homework but can only access the internet during the schedule you set . Perfect for working parents !! While this product is pitched as a `` monitoring tool '' that misses the real value ; it is an unemotional management tool that provides your child with a structured environment , it frees you and your child from daily negotiations over computer use and it eliminates -LRB- or at least limits -RRB- the parental worry about their child 's internet use .
 We use this software to monitor our teenager 's computer activity . This is a lifesaver especially for parents of difficult teens . The only negative that we have experienced with this software is that we are not always able to see both sides of instant message conversations . The people who answer the toll free number listed on the box are very nice and very helpful . I highly recommend this product .
 We have tried at least five different software products over the past three years to monitor our children to make sure they are being safe online.We tried NetNanny , but came to the conclusion that Internet filters provide a false sense of security.We tried some of the cheaper monitoring products and found that they were easily detected by our children , or slowed down our computer too much , or just did n't provide much useful information.A few months ago , we tried Spector Pro because we saw that it had been named the Editors Choice by PC Magazine.We were blown away by two things
 I recently attended a presentation at my child 's school about keeping kids safe when they use their PC and connect to the Internet . One of the speakers , from the FBI no less , recommended Spector Pro from SpectorSoft so I took a look at the company website when I returned home . After looking at the Spector Pro information there , I had a couple of questions and comments and was amazed to find out that SpectorSoft has live sales persons and technical support 24/7 . And I spent almost no time waiting on the phone , which was amazing . I decided to buy the product and take advantage of the option to immediately download the product . It took less than 5 minutes , just like the company suggested . Install was easy and I found setup very intuitive , even though I am not a PC expert.I found that it 's true , Spector Pro monitors everything a person does on the PC and the Internet . I especially like the MySpace and Facebook monitoring categories , and the screen snapshots function is amazing ... you get to see exactly what a PC user does , almost like playing back a video . The Top 10 Reports category also is a favorite ... gives me a great overview when I do n't have time to look at every detail , which I can if I want to ... Before hearing the FBI recommendation re
 This software works great . I had no problems installing or using it . I am able to monitor what my son does online & have found out many things that I would have never found out without Spector Pro . I am amazed at some of the stuff I see on these kids MySpace pages . Parents , you need this software to check on what your kids are doing & who their online friends are . It 's a little pricey but well worth it .
 Not only is the an excellent product , but the customer support that comes with it is above and beyond ! I feel so much more secure in monitoring my children 's online activities , even when they seem to know more about computers than I do !
 My wife and I installed purchased this product on the recommendation of her co workers . We were concerned about our daughter 's internet activity and wanted a discrete way to check on what she was doing.I knew monitoring software existed but I had no idea software like this could include so many features . The Spector Pro program records all the keystrokes , chats , emails and it even takes snap shots of the screen that I can play back like a VCR . It allows me to see everything that has been on the computer screen.We originally purchased the program because we were concerned about her use of MySpace and Facebook . One of the main reasons we chose Spector Pro was because it has separate recording features for these sites . I can see all the MySpace and Facebook information separately ; including login information , profiles she is viewing and who is viewing her ; it even lets me when she posts to her blog or posts pictures.This program has been a real life saver . It not only allowed us to correct some issues we were concerned with ; but it now gives us the piece of mind that comes from knowing EXACTLY what she is doing online.If you are like me you have been disappointed by software that did not live up to the manufacturers claims . Not true with Spector Pro . Not only does this product work exactly as advertised the toll free tech support is also top notch and available 24/7 . I ca n't recommend it highly enough ; in fact my wife is a school teacher and recommends this program to many of her students ' parents .
 Needed to keep track of teenager on internet . This did the trick . I could be on MY computer and check on HER computer from a room away !
 Spector Pro is one of the better end-user monitoring tools available . It is highly configurable and can record nearly everything a user does . With the screen capture playback , you can visually see the user 's entire computing experience.The programs reporting capabilities give you insight into everything a user does , and has a number of precanned reports and summary reports to quickly see what activity has taken place.From a monitoring perspective , you can configure how often a screen shot is captured . The downside is that if you capture too much the analysis can take significantly longer.The program can capture and organize screenshots according to the program used -LRB- FaceBook , IM , etc. -RRB- to get a feel for what the user is doing . The program is basically taking continuous screen shots . While you can configure Spector to record as often as every second , note that over time , it can consume significant amounts of hard disk space . Even though the program uses data compression , this can be an issue if you are monitoring users on older machines with limited memory . Also , scrolling through hours of end-user activity can be quite time consuming if too many screens are captured.Spector can also block specific web sites or applications . While it has filtering capabilities , notes that it is much more of a monitoring tool than a filtering tool.As to the its monitoring capabilities , it may be too good of a tool . When used in a corporate setting analyzing employee 's web/Internet usage , or any setting for that manner , the analyst will often find highly personal information about the end-user and their lifestyle . What to do with that information can often create both uncomfortable and ethical issues.Spector also has an excellent Facebook tool where you can see all of the Facebook activity for the user . It details all emails , chats , postings , updates , etc. , and profiles visited , for the Facebook user.In short , if you want to know everything , and monitor everything about someone using a computing under your control , Spector Pro is an excellent program to do that .
 I am very satisfied with this product . It performs everything that it says it does . This product opened my eyes to what my 16 and 13 year old are looking at on the PC . I was not to happy with the results but was able to provide good evidence when I confronted them . They could not deny it . The only problem I have with the software is that I can only access it from the PC that it is downloaded on . I wish that I could access it from my laptop . Other than that I would recommend this product to anyone with children who use the internet .
 HAVE HAD IT IN USE FOR A MONTH ... ITS EVERYTHING THAT THEY SAY IT IS . . EXACTLY WHAT I WANT . . I HAVE NO FEAR OF HER BEING ON HER PUTER ... I CAN REST EASY
 The software is very useful but with my limited knowledge ofprograms it took awhile to learn how to get the most out of it .
 The service was perfect . I would buy from this store again without a doubt .
 Worked well on my PC once I got used to it . It 's a well designed program that will improve your , or your children 's math skill starting with the basics . Unlike other programs that already assume that you have a certain amount of knowlidge to build upon . It was worth the expence !
 I have been using the Panda antivirus since 2004 and have had no problems . My computer has n't been infected and it has n't crashed since I have been using Panda ; neither has it frozen on me . By the way , if your computer has a firewall , buy the antivirus without the firewall -LRB- because there is another antivirus by Panda with a firewall -RRB- otherwise you will get a conflict . Besides the normal scan , this antivirus has the Total Scan Pro , which is Internet-based and always up to date . I downloaded my Panda from Panda Software , on the Internet , then purchased it locally.I highly recommend all Panda products .
 Things have been very smooth since I loaded on this Panda Antivirus . It is not as intrusive as Norton , and the computer seems to work faster . It was easy to install . I highly recommend it .
 This is an adventure to rescue 6 baby animals so that the zoo can open . It is a very robust software game - neither my 5 year old nor my 3 year old can crash it ! Something happens no matter what you click on ! My kids love this game and can sit at the computer for a long time - quietly !!!
 the item arrived in a timely manner and was exactly as specified in the description .
 My 5-year old daughter can occupy herself for over an hour with this game . It 's primarily creative , -LRB- you decorate various parts of the castle -RRB- , so even I occasionally enjoy taking turns with her . The maze at the end is a little bit tricky , but wraps up the game nicely .
 This is the second time we purchased this . My daughter accidentally destroyed the first CD-ROM we purchased . She consistently asked for this over and over again . She has been without for nearly two years . We thought she would forget about it but this was one of 2 things she `` really wanted for Christmas . `` This has a touch of mystery and a lot of decorating with fun girl stuff like jewels and lots of color . My daughter is the artsie type and though I think this is a little young for her at 7 years she still enjoys re-designing the same stuff over again .
 My daugther just received this CD-ROM game for her birthday . She just turned 4 and she has really enjoyed the game . I like that she can manouver around the screen without my help -LRB- I do have a savvy 7 year old who likes to help -RRB- It is n't an educational game , but she does enjoy beautifying everything . And it has enough to occupy her for more than a few minutes.We also enjoy the Barbie Princess and the Pauper game , which , perhaps I think is even a better one .
 This has so many plugins and tools I do n't even know where to begin . . its simply the best collection of VST plugins by the best VST plugin producer that is available . I would highly reccomend anyone buying any other sort of `` bundle '' to just go ahead and get this . Also , the new version does not require iLok , yay !
 After reading the very negative reviews on both TaCut and TurboTax I decided to go with TaxCut because -LRB- 1 -RRB- it was less expensive and -LRB- 2 -RRB- I had used in past with no problems.I used TaxCut 2004 and had absolutely not a problem 1 . I think many of the problems others had is because updates were not available when they used it.I mean I had absolutely nothing go wrong .
 I have filed with no problems . It comes with deduction pro which helps if you choose to itemize . Tax updates are free of charge .
 I found the program to integrate quite well with Tax Cut 2003 . The program transferred most vital information to my current filing including required federal tax payee numbers -LRB- a pet peave of mine from last year -RRB- . To me , the Deluxe version was the best value . It includes a rebate for the State program and for e-filing . It also offers a $ 5 rebate for itself unless you opt for the Microsoft 2005 Money option.The signature edition was tempting but means little unless it is backed by a CPA . A review by a part-time H&R ; Block employee is little motivation for shelling out the additional % 50.00 .
 Despite what other reviewers say , I have found this version of Tax Cut to be just as great as the past versions I 've used and a great product overall.I 've found the questions to be extremely helpful in deciding if I should take itemized or a standard deduction . I also found the questions extremely helpful in figuring out which college tuition deductions I should take advantage of . The questions I think are the best thing Tax Cut does . If you have any doubts about what kind of deductions to take , or if you 're eligable for those deductions , the questions are a very easy way that the software gives you to work through your doubts and understand why or why not you 're eligable for certain things on your taxes.One caviat I would put on my review though is that I have an extremely simple return . I do n't have investment income , etc. . Perhaps the program does not work as well for more complicated returns and that 's what other reviewers are griping about , but for a simple return where all the data entry you do is from your W-2 forms and maybe one additional form like a 1099-T , Tax Cut works great !
 Worked perfectly fine . The math was correct as well as the graphics .
 I was skeptical after reading some of the reviews from early on - users frustrated by not being able to update the forms . I have also always done my own taxes , without need of any software . Except , I graduated from school , got married , and bought a condo -LRB- took out a mortgage -RRB- , started paying back student loans . So the taxes were going to be a lot more complicated this year , and I decided to give the software a try.I was very pleasantly surprised by how easy taxes were using Tax Cut -LRB- both the State and Federal versions -RRB- . Basically , I answered the questions the software asked , and the forms complete themselves . When you first run the software , it checks online to download the latest forms -LRB- which are available now -RRB- . Just enter the information to answer the questions . There were also a few deductions I was not aware of in previous years when I did the taxes myself . In a couple of hours , my wife and I were done ; printed the forms out , and very happy with the returns we will receive.I have n't tried TurboTax to compare . But for a first time user , I find no fault with TaxCut at all . It seems both complete , and was certainly easy to use .
 I switched from TurboTax 2 years ago . The main reason being the issues with spyware in the PC version of that program . I also did n't like all of the hoops they were trying to make their customers jump through.Using TaxCut was a decent experience . The program itself is easy to use and negotiate . Jumping back and forth in the return was a fairly simple process . There were significant improvements over the previous year 's version . Which is always a welcome thing.I was able to quickly import my tax info from the previous year 's TurboTax files without any problem . The user interface is easily understandable . Overall , TaxCut seems to be a step or two behind TurboTax . But the end results are the same , a tax refund which more than pays for the program . And those steps behind are small steps.Keep in mind that the `` free '' state version -LRB- which you have to pay for and get reimbursed -RRB- , and any rebates , require that you send in receipts within 30 days of the purchase . If you do n't then you 'll not be getting any rebates or reimbursements .
 TaxCut is an excellent program to file your taxes . . I have used it for 8 years !!! Love the many `` free '' things . Just got ta remember to send in for your -LRB- ... -RRB- !!!
 I have been using TaxCut since the early 1990 's when it was still a DOS program , so I have a long term perspecitve for judging this year 's version . During that period I have also once used TurboTax -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , so I also have some idea of what that program has to offer . For all but the most complicated returns TaxCut works very well . The interview process is straightforward and reasonably thorough . There are a few very specialized forms that are missing , e.g. , 8582-CR -LRB- needed for a low income housing investment and other so-called `` passive activities '' ; a hilarious IRS oxymoron if ever there was one -RRB- . TaxCut generally costs about $ 10 less than TurboTax and has not had the activation and spyware issues that TurboTax has had . Over the years I have filed some fairly complicated returns and have always found TaxCut up to the task . This year 's version is no different , with several forms of on line help to make it easier to understand IRSeese and decide what would be best for your particular situation.By the way , some of the problems that Ioannis C. Tzamouranis `` yannis_tzamouranis '' reported a few reviews back probably were caused by having his system fonts set for large fonts . I had the same problem until I changed my system to small fonts . TaxCut should tell users how to fix this problem . Better yet the program should detect the system fonts setting and automatically correct its display .
 I do n't know why some people seem to be having trouble this year , but I experienced no updating problems or anything else this year . I 've used TaxCut for about 5-6 years and I 've never had a problem with it . I like the way it runs through the various parts of the return and forms and I 've always found it logical and pretty easy to navigate and make changes.And for what it 's worth , none of the federal forms are final until Jan 31 . It 's rare that things are changed after they release them in late-Dec or early Jan , but they are officially drafts until Jan 31 . So it 's not surprising to have the program stall you until a finalized form is ready.Avergae time of deposit after e-Filing
 I 've used `` both '' brands of tax software over the years and always come back to TaxCut . It 's cheaper than the other brands and very easy to use . The Delux version is generally sufficient for the average tax payer without rental income/home business/etc . And , it helps for estimating taxes near the end of the year.Certainly takes the headache out of doing your taxes , and makes it faster , too .
 This product was adequate for my needs - easy to use and navigate , ran without errors/issues and was realistically priced . The major pluses for me was the ability to import data from last year 's taxcut data which eliminated excess typing and the comparison of 2004 year to 2003 data . I will use this product again next year .
 TaxCut is a great tax program - simple to use , the interface has really improved over the last few years . Some people may like all of the fancy gizmo 's , movies , etc. . . contained in the ` other ' more expensive tax prep software , but I 've used TaxCut for 3 years now.No problems and the product keeps improving.Be sure to read the product description to get the right version if you have a complicated return.Happy Taxes !
 I have used Taxcut for the past five out of six years -LRB- one year trying Turbotax , I quickly returned to Taxcut ! -RRB- I also complete taxes for numerous others using this software.You do not need to be a professional to use this product for your tax filing . However , I strongly suggest that if you can not sit down and complete your taxes the good , old fashioned paper way ... you should seek professional assistance and not even bother with any software.Tax laws are constantly changing and if you do not know the right questions to ask ... chances are you 're not getting a full return.Money is a terrible thing to waste !!
 my grandson loves this game . it was sent in record time . very glad to get it . would deal with this person again .
 Great for lay persons . Has strong 's numbers beside the words in the Literal Translation . Whole lotta references for a little cash . I use this every time over my high dollar programs .
 My older version would n't work in my new computer . Was happy to see that there is a newer version . I am not a Bible Scholar by any means , but this software is so easy to use even for a person of my maturity .
 I wanted this for my computer incase I ca n't keep internet . Makes a great gift .
 I have used several tools for developing Graphics on the web . This one is Just Excellent -- AAA + + + + rating
 I 've been invovled with MIDI sequencing since it started and have owned and worked with almost all of the hardware and software sequencers available . -LRB- I worked in a MAJOR music store chain as a midi/keyboard salesperson for 11 years -RRB- There are so many great sequencer programs on the market that it is difficult , at best , to make a decision as to which one to invest in . I researched ALL available PC sequencer programs for almost a year and I chose SONAR XL . Its power , ease of use and total flexibility is unsurpassed -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- by any other sequencing program available . From the Acididized loops -LRB- Yes ! - you can import and create acid loops -RRB- to the included DX synths , the DR008 drum machine , Dreamstation , Soundcanvas , the AMAZING Cyclone , the killer effects , etc. , etc. , etc...Look-just check it out before you make a decision-go to the Cakewalk website , check out the reviews in Mix magazine , Electronic Musician , Computer Music and see for yourself why I am so glad that I decided on choosing Sonar XL as the heart of my studio . Also worth knowing-Cakewalk has been around since the beginning . Their customer support is amazing . Their philosophy of not locking you in to only their products and format well as maintaining a truly open platform is something unique in the music software business . Purchasing Sonar XL was the best decision I 've made for my music creation and production , bar none !
 Just a brief review ... this program is very impressive ... . perfect for small to medium sound productions , editing , mastering , mixing . I can immagine it working well for certain live audio situations , on a fast laptop with a soundblaster audigy external ... due to its support for low latency soundcards ... On my system -LRB- sb-audigy platinum , pentium4-2 .26 ghz , 1gb pc4200 rdram -RRB- I was able process 3 compressor/gates , 4tap echo , 2-d fxpad w/wah and flange , parametric eq and alien guitar amp simulator in 48khz/16bit mode at 20ns latency and no drop-outs or missed buffers ! and it was running at only 25 % cpu ... all this happening in realtime using floating point accuracy audiofx . I had some real fun playing with my guitar plugged into that ;D . I also like how it supports multi-channel mixing in hardware and software ... . when my soundcard is in 4speaker mode i can control what it sent to each channel ... and it also supports virtual channels for authoring 5.1 , 6.1 audio that is to be exported to individual wave files for each channel.Plus it supports all the automation u would expect.All in all ... . a very flexible and powerfull program .
 This product works well as part of a larger program that integrates with it . The original disk was lost . I was very glad to find this !
 I bought this product for my 4 year old daughter and she loves it ! She has learned so much through the 3 CD-ROMs and card games it has been hard to tear her away . I recommend this product to all parents to help encourage their children to be taught the alphabet , numbers , and shapes with a sense of creativity .
 I am very happy with my Land Before Time Kindergarten . It was easy to set up and is very interactive for children . There is a card creation that helps you make printable cards of Land Before Time characters for all occasions . Easy one step printouts . There are also games such as matching of shapes with music and dancing of the characters . You can play pinball and a board game with questions about the characters ! There are 8 adventure stories and you can also create your own stories from pre-made templets . There are various animations and music played . After you complete each section you can view a movie clip ! There 's also a sound board to create your own music . Very entertaining , easy to use , replayability , and lasting fun for children !
 My kid likes it ... ` nuf said.It works on my older PC -LRB- 866 Mhz , Windows XP , all stock , nothing special -RRB- ... does not need a graphic accelerator 3D card -LRB- like many other programs these days -RRB- . GMB
 My 5 year old daughter , loves this dvd very much!eileen fields
 I do n't believe you can find a better mapping product for the price anywhere !!
 Microsoft Streets and Trips is a great value , and the name gives a reasonable description of what it does . Need to locate a business or friend ? Just key the address and hit `` Find . '' The application jumps right to a detail map or at least offers a list of possibilities.The application also offers a route planner to help in planning trips . You can enter a starting location and destination , but for long trips , entering intermediate way points gives a better result . Selecting the `` Directions '' menu option displays detailed driving instructions and an estimate of elapsed time to each waypoint . One warning
 Version shows upgrades to mapping sequences but truly nothing new and different from the 2003 version .
 I had 2005 and it always crashed or locked up . I never used it because of that . But I bought the 2006 version because Delorme Street Atlas sucked worse than 2005 . The 2006 version worked perfectly and most if not all of the bugs were worked out of it.I use it everyday for work . The trip times and mileage are accurate . And the MSN Virtual Earth feature is very cool and helpful for finding places . The information for points of interest , gas stations , restaurants and hotels are mostly accurate but they do n't have many Hampton Inn hotels plotted in on the maps and those are the ones I usually stay at.Overall , I am very satisfied with the program and I highly recommend Streets and Trips 2006 .
 I use the program every day to assist in planning motorcycle trips for our riding group , ease of use is outstanding . Great product Tom Ligon
 While the performance of the product exceeds the competetive product -LRB- DeLorme -RRB- , the product is less capable in identifying points of interest .
 I have used this product before and the upgrade to this version was easy . All the maps I had stored from an earlier version were upgraded with no problem .
 I needed to up grade . Good buy . need to up grade again one of these days . Got to buy a new version .
 I did a trial of the new version and it did not allow for outlining a precise part of the map to zoom in on . So I am missing a few POI and new streets .
 product was as advertised and just like the one I used to have . It is soooooo easy to use , I love it !
 The USB GPS unit works great . It also works in Microsoft MapPoint -LRB- NA and European versions -RRB- . The 2006 version of S&T now provides voice guidance which lets you set up your laptop in the front seat before your trip , pop the GPS in the front window and let it give you guidance hands free while driving .
 Great for finding anything . Where the others are wrong , this is right on .
 Needs full screen mode , especially for those of us who have smaller displays ... This is fixed in 2007 edition , so I recommend getting that one rather than this one ... Other than that , this product is awesome ... Easy to use , and works great with the GPS receiver that comes with it -LRB- optional -RRB- ...
 This is a great tool , I do alot of travel and it helps me a great deal , could not do without it .
 As a long-haul truck driver , I 've found MS Streets & Trips to be extremelyhelpful . Guides me directly to pick-ups and deliveries across the country . I run it on my laptop in conjunction with my Magellan GPS unit and I know exactly where I am at any given time . I 've used it for two months now and it runs flawlessly . Very pleased with this program .
 I got Microsoft Streets and Trips 2005 w/GPS early in 2005 and there were quite a few usability issues with the program . The biggest gap was no voice commands . This new version includes new voice command prompts , which are pretty good and on the screen in VERY large size font it shows you what you will do next along with how much of a percentage you 've traveled on the road at that moment . For example , if I am on Smith Rd. and will travel on that road for 5 miles before I turn left onto Jones St. , on the screen it shows `` Turn left in 5 miles onto Jones St. , '' plus it has a progress bar showing how many of the 5 miles you 've traveled.I was a simple upgrade -LRB- have your CD ready when you plug in the GPS device for the first time -RRB- , and upon my first use it appears that they have n't fixed some of the bugs and annoyances in trying to find a restaurant or gas station . To illustrate this , if I wanted to find a gas station on my way home from work -LRB- 15 mile ride -RRB- , I could choose within so many miles of my current point or so many miles from the entire route . Let 's say I 'm half way home and decide to look for a gas station , I put 1 mile from my current point , and it looks at a one-mile radius of 5 miles ago ?? -LRB- Bug , I suppose . -RRB- So instead , I put within 1/2 mile of my entire route . Then it lists all gas stations within 1/2 mile of my route -LRB- from beginning to end regardless of how far I am from the beginning -RRB- and organizes them by distance from my route -LRB- instead of how far I am from the station at the moment -RRB- . These observations are subject to change as I use the program some more and if I find that I 'm doing something wrong . I will post more comments if I can in the future . -LSB- UPDATE - 3/1/06 -RSB- I continue to have usability problems trying to find places , such as restaurants . I got so frustrated trying to find an Applebee 's on a trip lately that I used by cell phone as a modem for my laptop to use their website 's locator . Microsoft , I hope you read this!Overall , it is a big improvement if you want to keep using your Microsoft GPS module from 2005 .
 Last year I bought Street & Trips 2005 with the GPS package , and I wrote a review on that . If you refer to that review , there are some things that I am somewhat dissatisfied with the 2005 version . After spending many hours searching online and reading review and forum posts , it appears that the only software for laptop GPS navigation that provides all the function and capabilities that one would want or need at a reasonable price would be iGuidance 2.1.1 , the one downside to it was that the software costs more than 4X the price of Microsoft 's Streets & Trips , this prevented me from purchasing it . After a long wait , Microsoft -LRB- as expected -RRB- released the 2006 version of Streets & Trips , I read up on the new features and decided that combined with the price -LRB- after rebates -RRB- , it would be a great deal.On my previous review of the 2005 version , the one thing that I -LRB- and a lot of other people -RRB- felt that was missing was the voice navigation . It was extremely difficult to follow the small prints for the directions , combined with no voice guidance ; it was dangerous to use it unless you have a passenger to help with the directions -LRB- which is kind of pointless -RRB- . This new version solved that problem , combined with a modified interface ; the voice guidance is finally on . It is so much easier to drive solo and use this software because combined with a large text field displaying the next action ; the voice guidance is clear and easily repeated by pressing the spacebar . There is also a progress meter to show you how close you are to that next action -LRB- turn , exit , ect -RRB- . The first BIG gripe that I have with the voice nav is that it only says the action and not pronounce the road or exit you are turning into , thus for conformation , one would have to look at the large text plane to see the name of the road or exit number . This is what I do n't get , the software uses Microsoft 's own voice synthesizer to `` speak '' , then why is it that it can not at least try to pronounce the name of the road?The second gripe that I have is that if you go off route , the software does n't automatically reroute you , and there is no option to turn it on , so you would have to hit F3 for it to reroute.Another gripe , not a major one , but still annoying is that fact that every single time you start the GPS tracking , the software pops up with a disclaimer about how unsafe it is to drive and operate the software at the same time . I guess this is necessary since software is still not very driver friendly.All in all , Microsoft did try to alleviate a major problem of its previous version ; however , I did n't feel that MS spent much time improving the software . I undoubtedly admit that the 2006 version is much improved , but I would have expected a greater improvement given that Microsoft has been producing Streets & Trips for numerous of years now.For the price , I am glad with the improvements , however , if I could return it , I would spend the extra money for the iGuidance instead .
 The bad news first
 I have been a Streets & Trips user for at least four versions -LRB- probably more , but I remember back to 2003 , so I will stick with that -RRB- . It seems I get hooked into getting a new version every time I see one at Sam 's . A few years ago , I got a GPS unit and have loved the integration with newer versions of Streets & Trips.On the whole , I purchased this version of S&T ; primarily for the voice directions . As I am normally the navigator in the car -LRB- wife loves to drive -RRB- , I will probably never use this feature that much , but it is nice to have.What I find most useful : * Drag and drop rerouting . So much fun to be able to reset my path without having to add mutliple `` stops '' in between . Still not perfect , but a much needed addition . * Driving Guidance pane
 This product is wonderful ... it 's very detailed and you ca n't beat the price . I would reccomend this product for anyone looking for directions .
 Works fairly well , easy to use fairly accurate . But like all programs of the same type , and GPS products , it is 2 -3 years out of date by the time it hits the shelf . As long as you Take that into account , it will get you in close proximity to where you are going .
 On several occasions `` places '' identified on the map are erroneously located . Ergo , while I find `` Streets and Trips '' an invaluable travel tool , to save yourself some trouble you should be careful to verify just where some of those `` places '' really are .
 Excellent product . Far superior to free on-line maps . Easy to use . Just remember to update if you want to be current with new streets each year .
 Still , If we are able to launch Google Map without having network connection , That will be better solution . But , To confirm the direction while I drive , This is the best choice for me ! ??
 I recommend a bluetooh GPS along with a laptop that is bluetooth compatible . This way you wo n't have a bunch of cables all over your front seat area -LRB- like I do -RRB- . Never get lost again with this combo riding with you .
 Microsoft suffers from a common tech industry delusion
 I have been using Yahoo map and Google map for long time . I also own a very good GPS -LRB- Garmin Nuvi 350 -RRB- . There is no much incentive for me to buy MS Stree & Trips . I bumped into a promotion deal to get the MS Street & Trips -LRB- the version without GPS -RRB- at a very low price . After playing with the MS Street & Trips for a month , I feel this tool is very useful . It 's for sure better and faster than Yahoo map and Google map in all aspects . Once you use it , you will not going back to Yahoo map or Google map . It offer couple of print-out options that are handy and useful . I like its rich point-of-interest database . On the road , I rely on my Garmin Nuvi 350 GPS , but when I am in front of my computer , I sure can count on this Street & Trip software.By the way , do not click `` cancel '' during installation . It 's a lot of hassles to reinstall it if you ever hit `` cancel '' during the installation . I have to send email to Microsoft and talk to their life support to install this tool . But if you just let the installation process runs all the way through by itself , it 's very easy to install . I will still gives this tool 5 * .
 I use this software mainly to calculate mileage & gas cost while on the computer . Ill switch to a portable GPS unit on the road .
 having the whole country right at my finger tips has been really usefull . very east to install right on your hard drive . i use it often . again how do they get all those roads on that little disc .
 Fast . Accurate maps . Minor inacuracy in location of addresses.I use this instead of any online map for ALL map information.Once loaded , the mapping software runs without Data CD.Good Canadian maps.Annoying update bar on Directions panel does n't go away after construction updates are performed.A good buy . Recommended .
 This was an upgrade for us . This map is used on a daily basis and is very informative for our dispatcher . Our drivers can call in and we can pinpoint where they are and help them locate the address they are looking for . This program saves us time because we just type in the address and we can get a good view of the streets in the area . We used to use the books and that took a long time to look up the street , then find the page etc. . We are very happy with this product .
 Great upgrade from 2005 . Love the voiced directions . It 's kind of like having a GPS system in the car with me . The downside to it , is the directions only give you turn by turn directions as a progressive mile format and do n't name the streets . If you are alone depending on directions you have to depend on the milage being correct unless you can stop and actually look at the map .
 I upgraded to Streets and Trips 2006 from the 2002 version . They have included many new streets that were not available in the 2002 version . They have also included many new motels , resturants , etc. . I like the trip planner , but it could be tweaked to be a little nicer . I dislike the distance measuring feature , although I use it a lot . Overall I am pleased with the product .
 This is my first GPS assisted mapping program . I am very well pleased with it . It is very accurate . I do not require directions to the nearest McDonalds , just want to know where I am and how to get to a known address . Most of all , and most important to me , the price from Amazon beats any that I could find
 I love maps , and this is everything I wanted in a mapping program . Easy to use , great detail , easy to modify trips.Excellent !
 We tried this software out in our laptop on our last trip camping and it was wonderful ! It was very nice not having to try to fgure out the directions as we went , but rather to just listen for the directions for which way to turn and how much time/mileage we had to go before our exits , etc.WE would highly recommend this software for use with a GPS in the car ! A much cheaper alternative to a `` Tom-Tom . ''
 Very helpful in finding and printing out detailed maps and directions .
 I bought this to update my 2000 Version . All I can say is it has many improvements & I feel worth the price .
 This program has worked flawlessly for me . There are several reviews that find fault with the maps not being up to date , however you ca n't blame this on Microsoft . They do n't have their own cartographers for pete 's sake !! They just acquire the maps . As an example , I live on the Mississippi River , there is a toll bridge across the river right up the street . That bridge closed permanently seven years ago . All city , county , state , and online maps -LRB- google , mapquest , terraserver , et al -RRB- still show that bridge open . How would Microsoft know any different ? And how on earth would they know about subway stations !!! Another point others have made is that you can get all this info online . Well that may be true , however if you are driving through the deserts of Arizona , or the rural areas of Wisconsin for example , how would you access online map programs while driving ? It 's not like they have wi-fi hotspots in the middle of nowhere . Sure you could print out your info , but what if you change plans ? come across a detour ? or do n't know where you are really going , such as on a motorcycle trip where you follow the fun roads . This is the only choice in those situations and it works perfectly . I could n't be happier with it .
 This product is great for planning trips ! You can plan everything from what type of roads you like to travel on to what your typical speed is . There are settings like `` Fastest '' and `` Shortest '' but those may not provide you with the route you had in mind . So , you can simply select an area of land that you want to avoid , and the program will adapt your route and directions to detour any areas you do n't want to travel in ! You can also pinpoint and print a map showing thousands of points of interest along your trip from atm 's and hotels to emergency locations and any number of restaurants . Another nice feature is the fuel planning . You can input your vehicle 's fuel capacity , typical mileage , and the cost of a gallon of gas . The program will add warnings in your driving directions before you need to fuel up again . You can set this to warn you at many different levels so you are warned to get gas when you usually like to , not when the program thinks you should ! This feature will also estimate the cost of gas for your trips.I have not used the Pocket Streets and Trips on my PDA , and I chose not to buy the version of this program with the included GPS unit . I have a bluetooth GPS unit with my Dell Axim and it came with an extensive mapping software whose data provider is the same as for this program . I have read that the Pocket Streets and Trips is not very functional and that the connectivity between the pocket and desktop version is limited at best . I ca n't really say too much , because I have n't used it . But , I did buy the pda and gps unit partially based on that information.I use the Streets and Trips to plan my trips , and I usually take a hard copy of a large map showing the entire area I 'm covering with me . But I take my pda with gps with me on the trip to actually guide me along the way.This product is for anyone , whether you have a pda with a gps program or not ! It 's always nice to have a program like this to be able to plan before you go . Excellent software for the money !
 This software probably has the best user interface of any of the mapping programs . It has been completely accurate in my usage , which involves the San Francisco Bay Area in California.Reviewers , please indicate what part of the world you test when you comment on the accuracy of this software . That would be most helpful to potential customers . Apparently , the accuracy is bad in some locations . The question is , where?In the past , I have used Delorme 's software and I found the accuracy to be awful . But I corresponded with people on the east coast who swore by it.Location , location , location .
 As a user of Microsoft Streets and Trips 2005 , I found software a deal at around $ 40 . I already had the GPS from the 2005 version.New version has voice prompts and Dynamic View -LRB- zooms to the turn - so I do n't have to anymore -RRB- - a great feature that adds safety because i usually did that myself while I drove.I find the product to be great . I travel to new states every week with work and streets and trips always gets me there.On 1st use , be careful though . I installed 2006 version & programmed all my destinations . I got on the plane ; but , once in my rental car I plugged in the GPS ... Ouch ... It needed to access the internet to configure the GPS that was already configured before I installed the 2006 version . Luckily my hotel was close . I used the map to get there ; but , the GPS was useless until then . I was quit perturbed . Installation was immediate once I has a net connection.Pros
 This is the best S&T s by far with voice commands and large directional and distance information ; connects effortlessly to Magellan GPS . Just came back from a 500 mile trip with it running the whole time ... . took me right to the door of a destination I had never been to before . Accurate every step of the way ... excellent voice quality on direction and distance ... . One does not even have to look at the laptop screen for an entire trip . Well worth twice the price . What is missing on the pocket PC version is fantastic on the laptop version
 There are a lot of applications of the web that claim to do this and almost all do n't work and are truly bush league . This one works well and will keep you check book in balance . Prints especially good on a laser printer . Save a bundle and the hassle of going through your bank . It will pay for this price by eliminating your next check order , and then save hundreds over time . Many formats to choose from and will even print a supply of blank checks , and deposit slips . MICR toner is not mandatory from your bank , as most banks use OCR and also transmit electronically these days . Once set up , prints perfect checks identical to your Harland or other checks .
 This is a great program for creating and writing your own checks from multiple accounts using inexpensive blank or light background paper . It is far superior to other similar programs I have tried .
 This is an astounding electronic encyclopedia that is worth every penny . It beats Britannica hand 's down in feature parity , movies , images , and content , and since it 's not made by that conficted monopoly Microsoft , you 're spared a lot of redirection to MS 's websites when clicking on links to the Internet . If you 're looking for the Macintosh edition , ... it 's called the Jaguar edition ... . That platform 's version is utterly stunning and I 'm afraid is even better than the Windows version . Either way , you wo n't be disappointed with this fast , informative , nicely organized application that the application 's code warriors cared enough to make a quality product . Apple the company apparently likes it as well because it 's pre-installed on many new computers they sell . Since I have two computers -LRB- one Windows and another Mac -RRB- , I was able to compare the two in feature parity . I guess it is true what they say
 I saw this product detect a virus in software downloaded from a major internet shareware website . It spotted the virus before the piece of software could be unzipped . I think that about covers it .
 Yep , the other guys are absolutely right
 Microsoft is offering MS Visual Basic 2005 Express Edition as a FREE download from November 2005 until November 2006 . After Novemember 2006 , Microsoft will charge for the program . For more information , Read the FAQ.I ca n't post the download link here , so just go to Microsoft 's homepage and search for Visual Studio 2005 Express Edition orVisual Basic 2005 Express Edition . You will also find the FAQ here.The Express Edition is a scaled down version of the bigger more functional version of the program.They are for beginners as starter kits so to speak . Yet , you can do much with the programs.There are 6 different tools to download seperatly , that make up the Visual Studio Express Editions.They are : Visual Web Developer 2005 Express EditionSQL Server 2005 Express EditionVisual Basic 2005 Express EditionVisual C# 2005 Express EditionVisual C++ 2005 Express EditionVisual J # 2005 Express EditionMicrosoft is n't even selling these until after November 2006 ! -LRB- read the FAQ -RRB- Therefore , these sales may be Illegal ! -LRB- I do n't know -RRB- Do n't spend your money , go to Microsoft and get them Free!After you have downloaded them , burn them on to a CD along with your registration information , so you can reinstall them whenever you need to.Also , you MUST register -LRB- For FREE -RRB- the programs with Microsoft to unlock all of thier functions.Remember , they are only Free until November 2006 !! After that , Microsoft will charge for them.Personaly , I thought this was a really sweat deal because I want to learn Visual Basic and can not afford the bigger version . I 'm very happy to have my free VB 2005 Express Edition download : - -RRB- Shame on you -LRB- the Seller -RRB- for selling a Free Program.You should be put in Jail in my opinion .
 In response to the reviewer who wrote
 -LSB- ... -RSB- By the way . Unlike pre - . Net technologies you do n't even need an IDE to create the most complex software in . Net . All you need is Notepad . If your IDE does n't give you a button for something , just write it in yourself . That means that if you 're thinking that the Express Edition is not worth your time but do n't have the money for VS2005 then just get the Express Edition and start coding till you can afford the full kahuna ... Because it 's `` All In The Framework '' you just might find that you do n't need to ` step up ' your IDEs at all to make real career software and you 'll likely learn a lot more by having to actually learn to type out code yourself.Let the c# kids get addicted to Wizards and use VB to make code ; - -RRB-
 If your do film editing with FCP Studio 5 on a Power PC G5 , or are averse to going to Leopard or Snow Leopard , this is your last chance to accumulate the wherewithal to attain the editing horsepower of FCP Studio 5 with Motion and After Effects without paying through the nose for a new Intel Mac and After Effects -LRB- which now runs only on Intel Macs using Leoplard -RRB- . Shake was discontinued by Apple in 09 , but runs flawlessly with FCP5 and it 's bundled Motion 2 . Some say Apple will release Shake again as Phenomenon , some disagree ... either way Shake is still available through others who 've bought up the disks . Beware , I bought mine through an outfit sending only the disk and not docs , and the disk is sold as NFR , not for resale . Buying it this way you 'd have to print up the docs -LRB- 1000 + pages -RRB- and wonder what NFR really iplies . I 'm still learning this ap , Apples training manuals are still available and I refuse to buy another Mac to edit on because my old workhorse is just a G5 Power PC , still works great and since I bought it for editing in the first place -LRB- in Dec 2004 -RRB- I now have every incentive to keep going and learn this ap and it 's integration with FCP and Motion -LRB- for which it was intended -RRB- . I do n't agree that it 's cool for Apple to change platforms to Intel based and leave the Power PC owners high and dry for aps and support . Thank God Shake is still available and this version is Universal , works on both the old chips and Intel , today After Effects runs only on Leopard and Intel . I 'm in the middle of shooting a low/no budget feature fully out of my own pocket and need all the horsepower I can get from existing equipment and aps . I own a Macbook pro and Shake 4.1 -LRB- and FCP 5/Motion 2 -RRB- runs fine on it too , but my G5 is where I can really get work done and now , with assets like Video Copilot 's Action Essentials 2 and Shake/Motion I do n't have to go broke -LRB- use credit -RRB- to finish my film and get it out there . For what it 's worth , hope this helps ... Carey
 I 've used Shake for several years to handle compositing chores at work -LRB- I 'm an animator -RRB- and I 've now purchased a copy for home use , too . I really do n't care if the product has been discontinued by Apple - its still a great product with a complete tool set that produces high quality results . I suppose everybody has a favorite compositing package , but for me , Shake fits the way I think and create . Highly recommended !
 Great training in VFX ! Get ready to buckle up and learn an amazing product . -LRB- intermediate to advanced learning curve -RRB- -LCB- used with mac 10.5 -RRB- have n't worked with this product in SL yet .
 Tried to implement this yet it was too complex and required a great deal of prep work before using it
 ... but , if you do n't know much about accounting , stick with Quickbooks Pro . I used Quickbooks Pro in a previous business and liked it , but thought that it hid too much from the user and reporting was poor . I also felt that it was n't flexible enough to allow easy entering of atypical transactions . When I went to purchase an accounting package for a new business , I was going to get QB again , but found that it was WAY too expensive . I then looked around and found that Simply Accounting 2003 Pro got great reviews and was very reasonable in price . Installation was straight-forward , but the learning curve is a little steep on the product , especially after using Quickbooks . All-in-all , it does what I need it to do , it is very flexible in allowing me to enter debits and credits in the way that I want , and the reporting through the included Crystal Reports module is excellent . If you know accounting very well , I recommend this product . If you do n't know much about accounting , buy Quickbooks .
 I was a Quickbooks user and while very popular and well written software , they are very proud of the price they charge . I read a review about Simply Accounting 2003 and it was rated # 1 in features and ease of use , and of course the best value on the market . The parent company Accpac is one of the largest big business accounting software companies and they brought a lot of features to the small business user . The review was so good I decided to try it for the price figuring I did not have anything to lose . It converted my records with ease , and I have to agree , this software is better than Quickbooks , by far . I ca n't believe they sell it at such a low price . It has to be they are trying to get themselves recognized and established against Quickbooks -- but I have to admit that the low price initiall scared me off fiquring it must not be as robust as Quickbooks since it is only about 20 % of the cost of Quickbooks .
 This is the first Linux distribution I 've owned that includes both the 2.6 kernel and support for AMD 64 bit processors . I just got an AMD 64 bit based laptop , and it installed without a problem although the knowledge base says there have been problems with booting Windows on some dual boot machines . I originally had problems with my scsi based scanner , but an update cured that . A note to new users
 I got this for my 9 year old son who has some distraction issues and this is great for the eye & hand & brain isues and he loves the cars . it is a treat for him to play it and he looks forward to it . i would definetly recommend it .
 Frankly , I forget that Backup My PC is even working.I schedule a once a week backup to an external hard drive.It is so flawless that I check it now and then just to be sure it did what I asked it to.Nice ! One less worry regarding my computer .
 If you can work Windows Explorer then this should be a breeeze for you . It is an excellent backup system and works as advertised .
 The program works with my Mac . It has a very nice function that plays the words and phrases in order so you do n't have to keep clicking and get a cramped finger . You can print out vocabulary and practice on your own . There are two little people on the corners of the page and they get very excited when you correctly pick a word or phrase . The program has many quizzes and test , that have been helpful to me . I also have this program in Italian and Spanish.The only problem I have with it , is that they do n't say the words in English and French . They say it in French , but no English so you have to sit and watch the screen , unless you have a good understanding and you want to test yourself.It 's good buy for the price . Some friends of mine and I are going to learn Spanish and French together.However , if you want to go pro and can afford the cost , get the Rosetta Program , I test drove it and I was amazed . Instant Immersion is a good buy if you want to test drive a language . I got mine at Best Buy for $ 20.00 or so . ~ Au revoir ~
 This is the most incredible programming suite I have ever seen . If you can do it with another compiler , you can do it with Microsoft Visual Studio . NET Enterprise Architect 2003 . Not only does it have compilers for C/C + + , C# , J # , and VB , it also contains an HTML editor , XML editor , and various other tools to help you build websites and web apps . Heck , it even comes with it 's own paint program for creating custom icons and cursors for your programs . Bottom line
 Microsoft Visual Studio.NET Enterprise Architecht enables programmers to take full advantage of the . NET platform . Visual Studio.NET allows programmers to utilize the newer . NET framework 1.1 , which contains enhancements in security and performance.This version of Visual Studio includes
 I have been researching this product after reading some disturbing reviews here . The standard edition does not come with the code-optimization features.You can , however , download the 2003 toolkit - FOR FREE - which includes the Microsoft C/C + + Optimizing Compiler and Linker . This is the same compiler and linker that ships with Visual Studio . NET 2003 Professional!It can be downloaded here : http://msdn.microsoft.com/visualc/vctoolkit2003/The new compiler moves toward ISO conformance . So this version of VC + + is actually more standardized than previous versions . This can be helpful when porting applications to other standardized environments and compilers.I program mostly 3D graphics and have experienced a frame rate increase since downloading the toolkit . This new version is helpful when working on large group projects as well . Oh and the shader debugger is a plus when writing vertex and pixel shaders .
 In general , I 'm pleased with this product.Although a number of people complain about the new IDE , it really is n't all that different . After 6 years of using 6.0 almost daily , I was worried about upgrade pains , but in one morning I was able to configure it to perform similarly to the old 6.0 interface , but with the added advantage that it does not crash every other compile . And finally , partial template specialization ! No more iostream.h!What really annoys me , however , is the fact that this , the Standard Edition , does not include the optimizing compiler . Apparently , a REAL developer would not buy this product . Cleverly , Microsoft does not offer a C++ Professional edition that would include this feature , but be less than the outrageous $ 1000 -LRB- $ 500 upgrade -RRB- for the full studio . Like I want to write in Visual Basic . NET !
 While Visual C++ Professional is a better choice for those needing to build optimized production code , Standard Edition 2003 rates 5 stars for the price.This product is targeted at students . Hence the low price and lack of an optimizing compiler.That said , here are some reasons a professional developer on a tight budget might still want to buy this product : - Can be used for many projects where compiler optimization is not critical or even relevant
 For the price , you ca n't beat it . Great for making programs while taking a C++ class . Have n't had any problems with the compiler .
 C# . NET is an easy transition for either a C++ or Java programmer . After crashing and burning on every Visual Basic Project I 've ever worked on , this is a refreshing change . Its fast and easy - I only wish that it were an open standard . The code I 've written in it and used as pseudo-code ported back to linux with only a few changes and wrappers .
 If you 've been using visual studio prior to . Net , . Net adds a lot of time saving features that really make it worth switching over . Some of the most prominent features include code completion , and the ability to put your code into sections that can be expanded or retracted for readability , which really helps for a project with a large codebase -LRB- Such as a senior computer science project for a bachelor 's degree -RRB- . Regardless of C++ 's standing in the microsoft suite of programming tools , . Net is a good C++ ide .
 If you want to learn VB , you cant beat getting the standard edition . If you want to write stand alone desktop apps that dont need to connect to remote database servers , your gold.If you dont need to be able to use your work commercially and are a student , pass this up in favor of the academic version of Visual studio and learn away.But DO NOT buy the standard edition if you think you are going to use it to make a living with it . I got it because I need to write an app that reads a binary file and then outputs a certain type of script . Then Im pretty much done with it . I know Im not going to try to pay my rent next month with my copy of the standard edition . To make a living nowadays you need the features that the standard edition does not support.If you know your just learning now , are NOT a student , and cant afford the Visual Studio , you still cant go wrong getting standard now.You might not be able to connect to a remote SQL server , but you can still do a lot of database programming till you can afford to upgrade , and see your app work locally in the meantime.So it dosnt compile class libraries in the interface , but the command line program -LRB- vbc.exe -RRB- that comes with it does . Its not as slick but it works.You can still write all kinds of very serious applications , after all code is code , but the standard edition is not indended for a real production pipeline that will be profitable in today 's world.I paid $ 89 for VB Standard 2003 off of Amazon just to write one specific app and I got my money 's worth .
 This is directed mainly towards the person who could n't manage to get a class library created.Google for `` Visual Basic . Net Standard Class Library '' and there 's an About.com article that tells you EXACTLY how to do it . The thing to remember about MS 's language products is that there are n't selling you the compiler . Those are free . You can get them directly from MS for any of their . Net languages.They 're selling you their IDE and all the tools that make use of those compilers so you do n't have to use the command line to compile everything and so you do n't have to reinvent wheels to do things like create a GUI for your app . By paying the $ 100 you get a great IDE that allows you to drag and drop your application together instead of having to code every little detail yourself.That said , I think C# trumps Visual Basic . I used to use Visual Basic to do quick and dirty apps since you could throw together a GUI in minutes . But I can do the same in C# now but get all the benefits of a C++ style language.If you 're a Visual Basic programmer , Visual Basic . Net is the way to go . The IDE and especially the debbuger are far superior to Studio 6 . I 'm not giving this product 5 stars because I think VB overall is n't worth getting for `` the fun of it . '' I 'd only recommend this product for those already making a career out of coding in VB who want to keep up with the advances in the language . It 's a worthwhile upgrade , but not an essential one .
 If you you are not flush with cash , but want to get the nack of the . Net world , then this is for you.It is NOT intended for serious production . You CAN NOT talk to a database off your machine -LRB- unless you know how to link Access to a SQL Server , then you can -RRB- . You can learn how to use WinForms and WebForms , i.e. client-server and WEB apps , talking to a database on your development machine . The MSDE -LRB- Microsoft Data Engine -RRB- is the heart of the SQL Server 2000 database engine.If you want to see if programming is for you or get an inexpensive look at the JAVA killer , this is the ticket .
 I bought VB.Net Standard 2003 shortly after having to learn VB for some advanced MS Access programming . What you basically get is the Visual Studio interface with just the VB.Net language functionality . You also get the MSDN library on 3 CDs which comes in handy . There are , however , limits to its functionality :1 -RRB- You do n't get the Mobile device programming functionality that you get with full Visual Studio .2 -RRB- Windows XP Home Edition users
 I bought the product about 2 months ago just because I was curious to see what kind of things I could do with it . I immedeatly was amazed -LRB- I dare say , obsessed -RRB- with the amount of functionality this product provides , and how much power is in my hands when I fire up this awesome IDE.Granted , there are some limitations . The Server Explorer only allows you to connect to the MSDE . BUT , if you are willing to drop $ 50 for Microsoft SQL Server Developer , install an instance , install Analysis Services , and just add the MSDE DB to your Server list . Problem solved . But if you are getting into connecting to remote servers and developing for mobile devices , then you 're way ahead of me , and by then you should have enough saved up to drop $ 600 for the Studio.One previous review said that this product is not for someone that does not have any programming experience . Well I have news for them
 Visual Basic is very easy to learn and use.It 's one of the most popular programming language.I learned it from zero using a second hand book from a local store and I manage to program a simple paycheck calculator for my friend 's small business .
 Good book . Good software that came with the book.dtpEndDate.MaxDate = Today
 This program installed easily and works good . Saved me from setting in a computer lab at school for hours at a time .
 The product installs and runs easily . When attempting to register the product , the page was not found . Presumably they are readying for the 2005 verson . The MSDN Library `` help '' files are exhaustive , but that makes it difficult to find information specific to Microsoft Visual Basic . NET Standard 2003 . At times it is quicker to use an on-line search .
 This was great , I got it for a really good deal from one of the Amazon Sellers and I learned alot from it
 It is great previlage to belong to Microsoft family , which protect every Microsoft base programm to compet with other programming language and Vb.net is great langauge for competative age .
 Just got my hands on the beta of the new version & I 'm exceedingly excited by v2 of VS.NET Really cool tools for mobility stuff & J # is pretty sweet .
 I wanted to learn asl , just to learn it . I like seeing the way it is done , and thought why not , I 'll give it a try . It has 2 cd roms . the 1st one installs the program , and has the avatar and some things to start with . The 2nd cd , has the other program to get you further along.I like the fact that you can slow the avatar down to super slow speed , or have it on like he is super speedy . The wholde program is great for someone like me who is a true beginner.It is easy to learn , and its cheaper than classes .
 Well , you will learn basic Japanese if you do n't die laughing at the second rate graphics first . OK , you are n't paying much for it , and it really is a good deal for the money , but wow . I have n't seen graphics like that since 1995 . That aside , I have a couple of the language programs offered by this company and they all follow the same formula . You will recieve two disks . On one is a pie chart with clickable `` slices . '' It is divided up into categories of various basic words and phrases in the language -LRB- colors , animals , common items , people , travel , etc. -RRB- . You will go through the sections of the chart hearing the words spoken , then speaking them back into a microphone and taking a quiz about each section . You can listen to yourself and compare your pronunciation with that of the person on the screen . It 's a really beneficial exercise - trust me . You do n't know how terrible you sound until you hear it played back ! When you take the quiz there are two people on either side of the screen who ask you the questions and kind of act like your cheerleaders . It 's worth the money just to see them in action - truly.The next disk takes you up to complex phone conversations at which point they abandon the silly clip art and have pictures of the people you 're `` talking to . '' The formula is basically the same . You hear it spoken and speak it back . You can play the phrases again and again until you get it right.It is n't the most elegant thing in the world , but they 've packed a lot of language into this thing for the price . If you 're toying with the idea of picking up another language this will make a good introduction for you .
 If you are looking for a quick , fun and easy start to another language without spending a ton of money , Instant Immersion Japanese is just the ticket . Having both a man and woman speak the language helps to pick up different nuances in words and phrases . The games really help to reinforce these . Other than playing back recordings to check your own pronunciation there is no way to be certain you are speaking correctly but as a beginning I can not recommend this program more highly . Thinking of learning another language ? Try this series before you invest heavily . It is a super bargain !
 Personally , I loved it . It is very helpful . I mean , certain parts like numbers , you could find anywhere . But it is helpful with things like body parts . It provides a male voice and a female voice . It provides romaji and kanji . It becomes more advanced with the 2nd CD . I think it is a great product for anybody who 's a beginner in learning Japanese . But it 's not good for those who are Well past beginner stage . Like if you 've been studying Japanese for 3 years , I doubt it would do you any good . But if you are new like I am new . Then this product is great . Certain things are limited . Like they only give you numbers 1-20 and that 's IT . 100 , 300 is not mentioned . Not even 21 . It really just ends at 20 . But it is still very helpful to any beginner at Japanese . It has things like groceries , travel , greetings , body parts , words and phrases . So , it really depends on how advance you are .
 This software only has two CD 's and it is so cool ! The first one is Talk Now and it teaches you the basics . The second CD is Talk More and it is so awesome ! I really love this software because it 's very cool!Sayonara !
 I have been using Access but tried Alpha Five because I was looking for something easier without losing flexibility.Alpha Five delivered . Its action scripting was a breeze -- i could choose from over 170 menu driven wizards to do anything i wanted without having to program . I was able to set up my company 's customer tracking system in a matter of days . Something that I had not been able to accomplish in MS Access in months . Thanks to Alpha Five I have been able to finally keep efficient track of my customers . ...
 I love this CD . It has a great format to view comics with . I am trying to read every garfield comic ever written , so this a great help ! I love the interview with Jim Davis . I also enjoyed learning about the beginings of the charecters .
 Fast download delivery !!! AAA + + + + + + + + + Elementary installation -LRB- 2 -3 min -RRB- !! AAA + + + + + + + + + + In description - more 400 000 search words and phrases !!! Very plausible . - AAAA + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + RECOMMEND
 This is very interesting for kid 's . Development knowledge about environment and animal.Please check , before you buy , this product on CD-ROM , DVD or VHS format !!!!
 I am extremely surprised by the capacity , simplicity , power and genius of the Borland Delphi products for database programming . This is perhaps the best solution for xbase programmers moving to the Windows environment . I have programmed dBASE , Foxpro , Visual Objects , Visual Basic and Access , none have the simplicity and power of this amazing product.Moreover , this product dramatically reduced my programming time . For example , a DOS Clipper program took me over 3 weeks to finish , with Delphi , the same program was accomplished in only 3 hours with Delphi , with a much beter user interface and completeness.This is the perfect programming environment I always dreamed of.Delphi is the Clipper for the 2000 's and more . The elegance and beauty of Delphi well surpasses anything I have seen and tried !
 Instant Immersion English Deluxe 2.0 does n't have all the ` bells and whistles ' common to Rosetta Stone -LRB- which I also own ! -RRB- but is does a pretty nice job with the basics of English language usage in common situations . It is not as interactive as RS . But , it 's OK and worth using especially if you do n't want to spend the big bucks demanded by that other product !
 THIS PROGRAM IS VERY GOOD IN GUIDING THE STUDENT THROUGH THE BASICS AND COMPLEXITIES OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE . THERE ARE EXCELLENT TUTORIALS AND TOOLS WITHIN TO POLISH THE SPEAKERS PROGRESS AND PREPARE THEM FOR FUTURE PROGRESS . A SOLID FOUNDATION FOR ANY STUDENT WHO WANTS TO LEARN ENGLISH . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PROGRAM .
 Much Better than the previous versions . . However , it seems like some of the characters are slightly squashed -LRB- either horizontally or vertically -RRB- in some sections of the software . I 'd say that this is a rather annoying problem . The characters are certainly readable , but you sure would n't want to learn to write them like that !!! Further , this software runs at fixed resolutions .1024 x768 @ 32 bit color is the maximum it goes on my laptop.But my laptop has a widescreen and runs at 1280x800 . Result ? Annoying black borders on the sides of the screen.Note that the squashed characters happens on both my desktop AND on my laptop . So its not a problem with my laptop 's widescreen.Don ' t buy this software without buying a good quality headset first ! You 're going to want one anyway . Talking to Japanese people on Skype is also great practice.Also note that this software does n't put you in a baby stroller and take you places . It seems like some people purchase the software and expect that . Its up to you to realize what you need to study . You CA N'T learn a language like Chinese or Japanese by relying on one educational source alone . Some people just seem so clueless about this . An example is that you wo n't learn much about the latest Japanese Pop music or about Akira Kurosawa in a college level Japanese language class . Yet , things like these are VERY important . You MUST use other sources when you 're learning any language if you want to truely understand anything . I 'm currently teaching myself Chinese and Japanese.I have a Japanese dictionary -LRB- Kodansha Furigana -RRB- , I also have a Japanese Pen Pal , Japanese people to talk to on Skype , Dozens of Japanese movies , a bajillion bookmarks to Internet websites which have some good articles about the Japanese language , Japanese Manga , Japanese fansubbed Anime , a Japanese character workbook -LRB- practice writing -RRB- , a Japanese dreamcast with Japanese games for it , and now I have some Japanese Software that actually works reasonably well . Do I stop there ? Heck no ... I still search regularly for other things which can supplement my Japanese learning . Having more sources makes things easier . Its all about a very active approach to learning . Learning Japanese , Chinese , or Korean -LRB- all of which I 've studied to some degree -RRB- is not for lazy people . This software should be treated as just another learning source , and not as a definitive solution to learning Japanese .
 I found this CD Rom worth the buy . Does n't have tons of games with tons of levels , but has very interesting ways to teach children time , geography , left from right , seasons , and a few other things ! Just a great buy and I am all about teaching . Anything that is fun and teaches cant be bad and this was definitely worth the buy . It teaches things you just dont find on other games .
 I have been using Edmark for years and this is just another excellent product for students .
 My 4-year old loves this game as well as Bailey 's Bookhouse . It 's easy to use and appealing to younger kids . I wish I would have had it sooner for him . He can use it easily by himself and there are 4 or 5 different activities he can choose from that keep he educationaly entertained for quite some time . It 's great that he can point out the continents to me and tell me things about them . Lots of fun !
 I am a software tech - After trying `` several '' CD burning software programs with BAD results ! - I finally figured I was doing something wrong . I was!It took me hours of browsing and testing to finally get the solution ! I will share my secrets with you for only $ 29.95 -LRB- just funning you ! -RRB- ! If new to this , you should print this `` advanced '' procedure -LRB- File/Print ... -RRB- ! I really LOVE Nero 6 ultra OEM NOW ! InCD allows you to use CDRW , just like a hard drive ! -1 . Nero `` MUST '' be installed with anti-virus & anti-spyware ... disabled ! For that matter it is best to disable ALL programs for ALL installs ! This is called a `` clean install '' . - a. To disable all ... - Start/Run/msconfig -LRB- in box -RRB- / Selective Startup -LRB- dot -RRB- / Remove check from `` Load Startup Group Items '' only , Apply/Close/Restart . -LRB- When done with installs ... - reverse procedure & put dot in `` Normal Startup '' ... -LRB- no anti-virus ... , do n't browse ! -RRB- -LRB- You may have to go to the msconfig Startup folder , and put a check next to your `` add on '' firewall ... -RRB- -RRB- 2 . Install the Nero suite ... / restart .3 . Install InCD / restart . Install any others , with a restart after EVERY install -LRB- do this `` IMMEDIATELY '' , with ALL program installs/uninstalls , not just Nero -LRB- XP `` loves '' restarts ! -RRB- -RRB- ! 4 . Go to the www.nero.com / Downloads/Updates ... NERO website , and download the LARGE updates -LRB- 84.9 mb total -RRB- . I only needed 1,2,3 & 5 -LRB- CD only -RRB- -RRB- . -LRB- You can do this prior to Nero install , and save them to a folder ... , or Run ... , after installs -RRB- . a. Install updates one at a time , `` top down '' , with a Restart after each ! 5 . When all done - Go back to 1a , reverse msconfig procedure , and do a `` Normal Startup '' ... DONE with Nero installation!NOW ! for the trick when burning/reading ... ALL CDS 's / DVD 's ... ! - When you THINK you are done -LRB- long wait ... -RRB- your system probably has not finalized ! Only one way to be sure ! -1 . STOP `` MANUALLY '' ejecting your CD 's ... ! , for EVERYTHING -LRB- reads ... too ! -RRB- ... !!! a. Go to My Computer/Explorer ... , and `` RIGHT '' click on the CD drive ... icon.a . Now LEFT click on Eject . If it is done , the system will open the tray & Eject it . If not , you will get a warning msg ! 2 . When burning ... with NERO , ALWAYS put a check in `` Verify '' , and choose a slower write speed -LRB- I use 36x -RRB- . For InCD - RIGHT click on INCD icon -LRB- next to the clock , only place you will find it -RRB- - select `` Advanced format options '' , and `` Open format dialog '' -RRB- ... ENJOY !
 I have used this product for about a week and thrilled by this . I had sonic MyDVD which came along with the DVD drive and failed to burn any DVD . This one right out of the box , worked like magic . great layout in the smartStart screens . It has so many features that I am still trying figure out what all I can do with this . The utility tools they have added to see the properties of the DVD drive , media and the system is just great and a lot helpful .
 I had some problems with Nero when I first got it that ended up being a problem with the driver for my DVD writer . Took over a week to get the customer service to determine this though.Once I got it working Nero has worked wonderful . My wife loves it and has figured out how to make DVDs on her own . We love it .
 I think it 's an excellent software for burning CDs and DVDs . I enjoy using all the applications and Nero StartSmart chooses which application would work best for me automatically . Very user friendly and fun to use !
 Just thought I 'd point out that for me this software was worth the entire price simply for the `` Wave editor 2 '' . That gets 5 stars from me . You can use it for things like editing . wav files with noise reduction -LRB- reducing pops and clicks from digitized LP tracks -RRB- , and even more significantly -LRB- for my uses -RRB- , you can merge two CD tracks into one via the `` insert '' feature . For example , if you want to merge the second and third track of a CD , you can pull the third track into the editor , then click `` insert '' and pull in the second track , which it will append at the front . If you 've looked for this application , you know what I 'm talking about ; if not , well then never mind , but believe me it comes in very handy if you like to edit CD tracks . As far as authoring the tracks to CD , I do n't use it for that -LRB- I use Feurio -RRB- , but Nero apparently can do that too.The rest of Nero is n't that great , IMO . Though the DVD copying tool -LRB- copies only uncopyrighted DVDs , as is proper -RRB- is useful if you do n't have another way to do this on your PC . I did find the DVD authoring features tricky , somewhat flawed , and essentially useless . Of course , the whole endeavor of DVD authoring is tricky on any software ; it 's just a really complicated task . Even so , any software purporting to author DVDs should be better than this , in my opinion . So if you want to use this for more than just exact copying of a non-protected , non-copyrighted DVD , then you 'd likely be better off with other DVD software . But again , the Wave Editor ca n't be beat for editing . wav tracks .
 This is great software . It has everything you 're looking for in media software . It takes a few minutes to figure it out but the manual is helpful .
 I have not yet installed this prgram , it arrived on time and in good condition
 This has been by far the best software I have ever used .
 I did a few things with the demo version , and they all worked . I really liked loading a tape audio file and editing it to create a CD with selectable tracks of my daughter 's voice class exercises for her . I hope the video editing work as well.My wife saw the great marketing info on Roxio 's box for Easy Media , and bought it . Roxio was more difficult , and prevented any kind of CD creation from occurring , drive popped open , or it wanted to format , thinking we were using RW discs when they were Write Once discs . I have de-installed Roxio , and will install the current Nero Ultra Tools .
 Nero version 6 ultra edition is a complete package . It is amazing . It does everything but cook you breakfast ahead software is a classic example of a good company . I 've had Nero version 6 for more than a year . I got ta when it first came out , and they have constantly and consistently added upgrades every few weeks free to download . What 's nice is they do n't have you pay for version 6 .5 . Like most companies do.Nero burning ROM is just a very intricate CD burning program.Nero vision express is a very basic video editor , but it does the job . The one thing I like about Nero vision express is that it allows me to import replay TV , video files , render them and then I can edit them and Premier Pro.When you buy this product you buying software that will be consistently upgraded and you wo n't be nickel and dime . I recommended.Have fun and get it done
 Your wasting time reading reviews . Just go out and buy it . Nero has more bang for the buck than any software I have purchased since Micrografx Picture Publisher . What an incredible array of tools to minipulate and copy sound and video to disk . The Video disk player is the weakest link it likes to be edgy and quirky and sometimes freezes up altogether . But that 's not what you put your money into this product for . Nothing , and I mean nothing else out there , can do what Nero 6 does . Of course I am speaking of the full version not the OEM version . The OEM might do if you want to try out the interface first and see how easy it is to use . The full version will accept the OEM for upgrade . But you need all the gears to get the full power out of a race car . So why dink around . Spring for the more pricey full version Ultra and you 'll never look back in sorrow .
 I have ROXIO 5 , and I noticed at times , it was n't that great of a program.Nero is user freindly , good graphics , and the quality with the no space between tracks in precise.I ca n't wait to really dive into all the working of this program .
 I switched from Adaptec/Roxio software about two years ago , and have never looked back . In fact , I 'm so far removed from Nero 's competitors that I can no longer provide a survey for comparison . I do n't think it 's necessary , either
 Like many other reviewers here , I bought Nero because of frustration . I 'm not a computer neophyte , but I do n't want to struggle for hours in order to do something simple -LRB- like copy files onto a DVD writer -RRB- . I do n't really want to learn 900 new terms . I just want to accomplish certain things that ought to be easy.After I installed my new DVD writer -LRB- a Plextor , which I love -RRB- , I had a whole raft of software -- old Roxio that only worked with one drive and a new copy that only worked with the Plextor with CD media and ... well , a whole raft of software lurking on my machine and wanting to own every DVD inserted into either DVD drive . Ick.I tried them all and could n't get the drive to be recognized or various conflicts between various bits of software to be resolved . Was it the media ? The drive ? The USB cable ? What 's up ? Why is this so * hard * ?!? It was really hard to select a product to fix this , since they all promise the moon , but based on reading the fine print and crossing all fingers and some toes , I purchased this product.The good news
 I recently bought a multi-format external DVD burner for my computer . The burner came with Roxio 7 Basic software . I had Roxio 5 on my computer . Neither version of the software resulted in much success with burning DVDs on this new burner -LRB- although Roxio 7 did burn half of a DVD before calling it quits ; Roxio 5 would n't even start burning -RRB- . For a while now , I 've read a lot of good things about Nero 6 Ultra Edition , but I felt it was too pricey for me . But a local retailer had a sale where the price was significantly reduced , so I took the plunge . A very good decision . I have burned several DVDs in DVD+R and DVD-R format without an error and have also burned CDs and MP3 discs with no problems . I have n't checked out all of the many fetures of the software -LRB- there are photo and video creation applications , a DVD player , an MP3 ripper program , a sound recorder and even more -RRB- . You probably could get by with this as your sole source for digital media and I may someday . But for burning , it 's the best .
 Nero 6 is 99.9 % effective but has a tendency to corrupt now again simply because it has a vast configuration system . Nero is a core burning tool . This means that several backup packages out there will actually find Nero on install and use it for burning . One example is DVDshrink that runs Nero in the background while backing up DVD movies on DVD-R . I/O errors with these programs , including DVD Decrypter , are usually the result of a configuration problem with Nero . One example is updating your firmware . Sometimes this requires you to reinstall Nero . This problem however is the only bug I have found with Nero . Just on the side - I highly recommend a Plextor external DVD burner for reliability and Imation , Memorex , Verbatim as relatively cheap good second class media -LRB- 80 % or higher burn success rate -RRB- . DVD is still in its early days of development and some media is garbage so do n't blame Nero or the Plextor if you make coasters -LRB- half burned DVD-R Discs that are useless to you -RRB- with this software . I also recommend a healthy supply of at least 3 DVD-RW Discs for TESTING your burning so that you NEVER make a coaster and waste money . Okay , now back to Nero.Nero Burning Rom is the real tool in the bundle . It is the most configurable burning tool in the package while Nero Express is for those who do not know a thing about burning and works like a Wizard . A word of advice is to stick with the Rom and learn it without using the Wizard . You can choose from burning 12 CD formats and 6 DVD formats , including several variations of each format . There is not a Disc format you can not Burn with this program . The Plextor burners have great hardware based error correction systems and in conjunction with the Nero software make a perfect burn almost every time . Nero also happens to be extremely fast , if not the fastest out there , however fast is also in terms of how fast your burner is , but the software package requires little to no processing before a 8GB DVD is being pulled onto your HD . You can create ISOs with Nero and even use Nero to open up ISOs so you can read the content -LRB- However Daemon Tools does that better -RRB- . There is an amazing amount of free software out there that uses this burner as their base and rightly so . It is the best burning software out there at this time of writing.Pros : - If you can learn tutorials for all types of backups then this and a DVD burner will change your life if you play games and watch movies . - Solid performance . With good hardware and media almost flawless burns every time . - Nice configuration . Can even backup your PS2 Games . - All burning formats . - About 70mb in size.Cons : - Let 's face it . DVD burning and backup does have a bit of a learning curve . Read plenty of tutorials that use Nero to do specific backups . - Corrupts if hardware and other software is updated . Needs to be reinstalled again . - You really need a top of the range machine to backup a DVD in less than 2 hours .
 I have been nothing but thrilled with Nero 6 Ultra.I had the previous 5.5 and HATED it , but with Nero 's new StartSmart - I 'm a believer again.Just about anything you wish to do with CD-R/DVD-R 's and RW 's can be accomplished , I use Nero 's Vision Express -LRB- comes with Nero 6 Ultra -RRB- to make DVD movies from my favorite TV shows - I put 4 shows on a DVD with chapters , menu 's and everything and it only takes a few minutes , the encoding and everything is so fast.I read a few other reviews that claimed the data was n't written properly - to answer that - Nero has a box that says `` verify data when burn completes '' , I select this everytime I backup anything to a disc , it verifies everything is fine , and I 've never had a corrupt disc since using Nero 6 Ultra , EVER . In fact , nearly all corrupt discs are because of bad media , not your burning software - Nero fixes this issue.The inteface is intuitive and works great , and the tools included are fantastic also , test your CD/DVD drives , get the speeds correctly and refined properly , make case covers , and just about anything else you want to accomplish.Also , with the new Start Smart - Nero did away with their old hard to use interface -LRB- Nero 5.5 anyone ! -RRB- - Now with the click of a single button , you can click between `` express '' and `` advanced '' - unless you are making a bootable cd , burning an image , etc. . . You will just use express - to make a data disc , you would simply drag the files -LRB- or select them -RRB- - and click `` next '' select the speed to burn at , select `` verify data when burn completes '' and click `` burn '' . . hmm ... does n't get any easier ! The entire Nero software works much like this , including the DVD authoring , you can make awesome DVD 's with all the features , just this easily.Nero has absolutely done it with this program , I literally uninstalled Pinnacle and Roxio after using Nero , I for once have NO other CD/DVD software on my computer anymore , and thats a great thing !
 I 've used a number of media burning software over the years ; including several previous versions of Nero , but 6.3 is the best so far . Nero 's latest edition bundles a great set of utilities and tools together into a really simply and easy to use package.Users can now burn CDs and DVDs with either a simple/quick interface or a more detailed application giving you complete control over every option . The starter application logically groups together every function possible with Nero by media type , making it a breeze to find what you need quickly.Software performance is through roof ! While I run a higher-end system , no other burning software has enabled me to burn CDs or even DVDs as quickly as Nero . I 'm always amazed at how fast I can get a CD -LRB- filled to capacity -RRB- burned , often it is finished before I have time to get up , get a glass of water , and come back.Aside from being a powerful media burning application Nero provides tools for music , movies , which support the creation of , playing or archiving.And the best thing about Nero Ultra Edition is the steady stream of updates that they put out for free . Each edition -LRB- update -RRB- only makes the software that much better -LRB- whether it is bug fixes or enhancements -LRB- like DVD Dual layer support -RRB- -RRB- ; Ahead supports their products far better than the competition .
 I 've tried a dozen or so burning packages , including Roxio -LRB- they scare me -RRB- , Intervideo , Pinnacle -LRB- they also scare me -RRB- , DVD Express , and several others . Nero is the only one that I can actually use , and does n't make we want to scream from excrutiating pain.Nope , its not perfect , but boy it sure is the best in class . I can sit down , and make a DVD or CD without spending hours trying to figure out what the software designers were thinking . With Roxio or Pinnacle , I have NO idea how to get a DVD done . And those 2 companies spend more time trying to sell me stuff than helping me use their products.Yup , Nero , after many years of working on their software , has finally gotten to be best in class . Its the only one that you can install , get to work , and use almost immediately.I also find it funny how almost ALL of the bad reviews here are by folks who have trouble with the Free or Demo versions . While I too , find problematic demo software frustrating , Nero probably does a better job than most of giving people a pretty good idea of their software with free product . But they do have a right to limit functionality of demo software , as they are trying to earn a living from the product.But hey , I 'm just one guy . All I know is that all the other titles I 've mentioned just plain stink at being usable . Lots of neat features that I simply can not use . With Nero , the features are their , and the basic product just works .
 After trying 2 Roxio & 1 Ulead products -- none of which would enable me to edit my MP4 videos -- a relative suggested Nero . While I had to jump through MSCONFIG and ROXIO remove exe hoops to get the Roxio off my machine -LRB- Roxio and Nero do not play well together -- in fact , Roxio if still installed causes Nero to crash , and other problems , but that 's another review ... -RRB- . As a fairly sophisticated computer user , albeit new to burning etc , Nero has been a snap to make DVD movies from my home MP4 's and is fairly intuitive . It has backup features and more which I 'm only beginning to explore . As one who believes that if you want good software you should be willing to pay -LRB- a reasonable price -RRB- , this is a purchase I feel good about .
 I 've been around for a little while now , and I 've always like Nero , but every software has a few features that they do better than others . So I 've always ended up with 2 or 3 Recording programs on my system.Not any more ! Now with Nero 6.6 Ultra Edition , I can finally get rid of the rest and stick with the best !! I 'm able to create DVD 's that I can play on any of my DVD Players , or send to my In-Laws so they can play it on theirs . I 've created dozens of slide shows with NeroVision Express 3 and they are of very good quality . Nero has obviously improved the performance and quality from NeroVision 2 . My daugher even uses the Nero PhotoShow Express software to create her own Slideshows . She loves it , and she 's only 5 years old!This software has it all , and for such a good price . I did have one issue with creating a DVD and was able to contact support at Nero and resolve it quickly . They are very freindly and knowledgeable . They offer free Email support and are prompt in their responses.Since I have been around for some time , and I do have other programs , I did a comparison in speed and quality , just to be sure it was the better software for me to use . And Nero wins hands down.And non of the other prorams provided me a solution to copy DVD 's like Nero 's Recode 2.1 software does . Very fast , very easy to use , and very good quality . Out of 1 of 10 , I give it 100 % !!!
 Have been using Nero for over two years . Never had a problem with it . It is some of the easiest software of any type to use . Love the free and regular updates . Briefly tried Roxio . There is no comparison . Nero is well worth the money .
 I really like this version of Nero . The copy I use came with a CD/DVD burner that I bought . I ca n't think of anything that the average person would need that this version of Nero does not offer . I 've burned a couple hundred CDs/DVDs with this software . I 've been using PCs for 25 years and a programmer for longer than that . This version gives you `` just enough '' -LRB- everything you need -RRB- , but does not try to `` take over your computer . '' I received a copy of Nero 8 with a burner I recently purchased . It was total bloatware . That version thought it was the be all and end all of media software . It tried to `` take over the computer . '' I hated that version and uninstalled it . When I can no longer use Nero version 6 because of OS incompatibilities I 'll move on to other burning software ... likely open source .
 After struggling with another media program I decided to try out Nero 6 Ultra Edition . Fortunately it was exactly what I was looking for . It contains everything you need to get started editing , converting , and burning video and music files . I 'm a complete amateur when it comes to video editing , and I found Nero 6 Ultra Edition extremely easy and simple to use . Nothing complicated , only a few easy steps and you 've converted and burned your media files ! The Nero player that comes with the program also comes in very handy . It plays most types of files so you do n't have to worry about finding , downloading other media players.Don ' t know much about video editing ? I suggest you check out Nero 6 Ultra Edition .
 Exellent program , replacing Easy C/D Creator which had to be replaced as it interfered with other programs . Nreo has excellent technical support .
 I 'm very pleased with Nero 6.6 Ultra Edition . The software is truely an all-in-one digital media software package . I often use the included Nero ShowTime 3 to watch DVD , VCD and Divx/Xvid videos - just one codec to handle all MPEG-1 / 2/4 streams . The main program Nero Burning Rom is very stable and so far I do n't have a problem with it -LRB- far better than the unstable Roxio software -RRB- . Nero 's ` InCD ' makes a CD-RW/DVD-RW like a big removable drive . The only glitch I encountered so far is if you use InCD in Win XP 's fast user switching mode , the second user that logs on will have a frozen InCD in system tray . The InCD instance for the first user still works though .
 I have been an avid Nero fan for a few years now . Nero 6 Ultra is by far the absolute best Nero to date . There are tons of new add ons included , my personal favorite is the Nero media player . I currently use it as my default . I also like the HUGE list of compatable DVD Burners that are supported.I have yet to find a single complaint for Nero 6 Ultra edition . If you are in need of a new burning program . Nero 6 Ultra is the software to get ! HANDS DOWN !!!!!
 Nero 6 was ok for me , but i had to upgrade to Nero 7 for to use it on Vista . It 's good software , & u can find lots of uses 4 it .
 I found Turbocad 10 Deluxe to be very powerful , a little slow to learn for 3d work , and at a great price . OK , maybe not as powerful as AutoCad , but with the huge price difference a great value . Other applications are easier for home design and remodeling projects , but for near professional 3d cad work it 's good . Recommend novice cad users buy good book or interactive tutorial .
 The installation was flawless and fast.Full system scan runs very quietly on the background and it also ran in half the time of what McAfee used to take .
 Find the product to be excellent in relation to its advertised claims to being a first-rate internet security software.Thanks !
 This product is totally invisible while it 's working . I have n't noticed any degradation in preformance on my computer like I did with Norton.My only issue with it is that it is a 3-user license . I installed it on 3 computers , thinking that the 1-year license clock starts independently for each machine . Wrong . Even though I installed it on the third machine a full 3 months after I installed it on the first , the expiration date was the same . All three licenses expire one year after it is installed on the first machine -LRB- even though I will only get 9 months of use from it on the thirs machine -RRB- .
 My new PC came with McAffee antivirus software and I had to many problems to surf the net , Kaspersky Internet Security 6.0 was a great purchase due to the easy settings for the program , total integration with windows xp and no decrease in speed .
 This has everything lots of options , was recommended to me and I didnt know about kaspersky or who they where.I can not reccomend this product enough it is hands down the best internet security .
 Good product Amazon had a great price . Even though people say it is high priced I paid $ 44 after discounts . I tried the Beta version and I liked it . Beta version does not give you all of the features but enough to get the idea . Easy to install worked at the get go . Intuitive enough to figure it out . You may have to go through things a few times to understand what it means . Did n't have a manual with the Beta version and still figured it out . Manual does provide information , works great . Did n't need any help . Had Mcafee before did n't find any new virus . It works as good as Mcafee but it is a lot faster when you start up . Both Kaspersky and Mcafee have features I like .
 I 've been using this for several years without ever having a problem . I like this new version even better than the last version by having everything in one control panel makes it easier than before . It uses less system resources than Norton plus I know people that have gotten viruses using Norton & McAfee . Kaspersky always rates in the top three . The only drawback is there is no anti spyware but I do n't feel that is an issue . Let them worry about viruses & such & I 'll continue using Webroot 's Spysweeper to control spyware . Together , they make a great combo to keep my computer clean .
 Although I purchased the KIS version 6 online at Amazon , I immediately ran the current , updated version 7 from the Kaspersky website which is compatible with both Windows XP and Vista OS 's . Because my activation code was within 60 days old , I was also permitted to upgrade to a 3 user license for only $ 10 more from the company . Originally , I intended to run this software on only one computer , but because of how light it is on my system resources , I replaced my Norton 2007 and Zone Alarm Internet Security systems with this program . All my computers are running more smoothly and certainly more rapidly even while I am simultaneouly performing a scan . I can notice none of the sluggishness in my computers that I have come to expect from internet security systems . I appreciate the flexibility I have to easily customize its functions and the fact that KIS 7 has a rootkit scanner . It has a choice of multiple virus scans from start up objects and critical areas to entire computer system depending on one 's preferences . The virus definition database seems to be updated more frequently as well . Kaspersky claims to update on an hourly basis . I am not experiencing any of the glitches and bugginess that I often experienced with Norton 2007 or Zone Alarm . I have also used Trend Micro PC-cillin in the past . I find thus far , KIS 7 appears to be very user friendly and more quicker , dependable , glitch free and deliver the margin of the safety I am looking for in a complete all in one security system . After using this software for close to a month , I am sold on KIS 7 . Kaspersky website makes available their programs for a free 30 day trial to test them out for yourself . Do n't take my word for anything , try it first . You may be surprised with the results !
 This is a great Internet security suite , 7.0 is available now . I 've used Norton -LRB- slows everything down -RRB- , Bit Defender -LRB- good but does n't have the firewall you 'd like -RRB- and Zone Alarm -LRB- did n't like the anti virus , but now they use Kapersky 's engine , which should speak volumes -RRB- . After all of these experiments , I have found that this suite has worked the most effectively of all of the Internet suites I have tried . Please take advantage of my financial experiments and try this one first . It seems clumsy at first , but once you get the hang of what it wants , it works fantastic . I love this program , and have been using it for a few months now . When properly configured , it will perform better than any of the competition . By the way , I use a 3 gig processor , with 1.5 megs of RAM running Windows XP .
 Having tried Norton , McAfee , and some other spam blockers I came back for more of KAS when my last 2-year subscription recently expired . In Internet Security 6.0 , they added an anti-hacker tool that was not in the last version of the program , which now eliminates the need to run separate software for key loggers and cookies . Just one note
 *** UPDATE *** Downloading the latest revision of Kaspersky Internet Security fixed the problem , and , I am happy to report that my computer is running as good as new . Plus , Symanted has promised to refund me the cost of Norton 360 ! I was amazed how much Symantec/Norton really sapped system resources . Upon uninstalling Norton 360 -LRB- still working on getting my money back -- fat chance -RRB- and installing Kaspersky IS 6.0 , my laptop is as speedy as the day I bought it . Windows no longer takes 5-8 minutes to load , programs load fast and do n't seem to crash anymore . Running the anti-virus scan actually found some viruses lingering in my computer that Norton did n't find , hmmm . The only issue I have is that the initial system scan takes an inordinate amount of time , but I understand Kaspersky has a fix for that . Otherwise , it seems like this product is a winner . Buh bye Symantec !
 The best protection that you can ever get . Kaspersky and Norton are simply incomparable ; Kaspersky does not stick into every corner of your computer and does not slow down your machine . In one word , just buy Kaspersky and you ll love it .
 I got this product installed in my computer in February of 2007 I Had Problems installing Mcafee , So i got rid of Mcafee and had Kaspersky Internet Security 6.0 installed and it works great , You wo n't regret it , This is the best product that i have had in my computer , I have gone through Norton it slowed down my computer BIG TIME , Both Norton and Mcafee are Long Gone , This program is better , Buy this instead , Keep Up the Good Work Kaspersky.Peace
 Very easy to install , uses very little resources and does what it is suppose to do . I have this on my laptop and once my Norton expires on my other 2 computers I will get this for them .
 According to my experience , McAfee sucks cause it crashed my windows xp several times . Norton is good , although it could n't prohibit some dangerous advertisements . Kaspersky is awesome and I feel so good now .
 Did you ever want an Internet Security package that protected you 110 % of the time , yet did n't bog down your system ? Sure , but Norton , McAfee , and CA wo n't get you that . You may get superior protection from them , but forget gaming and video editing with them running - it wo n't be as smooth as the time you went without virus protection . Kaspersky is the best of the best when it comes to virus protection these days.Enuf said !
 When my Norton subscription expired , I decided to try something new because Norton 's was a processing hog . Read several reviews on different sites about Kaspersky and decided to take the plunge . I think it 's a good program . It was easy to install . Updates require no intervention from me . The interface is friendly , although it takes a bit of time to figure out which function falls under which feature menu/area . Once there , it 's easy to make the changes desired . While a user-friendly program , I 'm sure there are parts I 'm not using up to their potential . I will say that Training Mode is a bit pesky . I get tired of answering it 's questions when browsing . It 's a necessary evil , per se . It allows for greater customization of what you want on your PC or altering it . The pesky part is why it 's just 4 stars .
 I have this running on 5 computers and it has worked very well . 3 of the computers are at my Wife 's Dental Office and I do n't see them often because of the very long hours at my job at an Internet Filtering company . I 've tried a couple of the other top Internet Security products and Norton works well except it wo n't always update unless an Administrator is logged in . As you can imagine , I do n't want her staff to have Administrator privileges .
 I have used Norton products for years , found them in the last couple of years to be slowing down my computer . So far the switch has been good , easy and Kapersky does n't take as long bogging down the start up of my machine or otherwise . If you go to their website you can download a free trial that works for 30 days and see how it works for you first .
 I 've used several anti-virus software programs in the past and none are as good as Kaspersky . I used to use the worst software , Norton , so this is a great upgrade.Pros
 I find this program to be very thorough and is constantly being updated for virus and spy infections . It is very easy to use and their technical support is readily available . I have had other anti-virus and firewalls before and I find this one to be far better .
 I have used a variety of security and antivirus programs over the years . I never liked any of the products other than Norton because they had so many gaps in features . But Norton in recent years has become a major computer resource hog such that th computer running it becomes very slow . This recently made me consider switching to Kaspersky . I am very happy I did . If you switch from Norton installation can be tough because Norton products always leave code behind that messes with new programs and this was no exception . But after a few days I sorted this all out with technical support and I can state that all the functionality of norton is there with much less of a reduction in computer speed . I will purchase this line of products from now on instead . One thing to note though , is that although AMazon encourages you to bundle the Anti-Virus and Internet Security products this is not necessary as the Internet Security product includes the Anti-virus suite . I went with Amazon ' r recommendation and had to return the Antivirus program for that reason . Overall I am very pleased .
 Works quickly . As other reviews mention updates are frequent , but they are quick . Scanning is intelligent and learns as it goes - decreasing the time it needs to make scans . Customizable if you want or set it on recommended settings and away you go.Does not have all the disc maintenance that Norton does , but they are available elsewhere as freeware.It is odd that back when I was looking at this Amazon offered it bundled with the antivirus which is contained in this suite ?! Pay twice for the same thing .
 To let you know my history of virus software I started with Norton thinking it was the best because it was the biggest . That could n't be farther from the truth . If you are a gamer or a multitasker it runs lots of little programs in the background that bog your system down . So last year I bought Trend Micro based on reviews . It was an awesome program that ran quietly and minimally in the background . Then they changed their product for this year , ouch . They went the way of Norton and that 's when I found Kaspersky . It 's a little more expensive , but easily worth the money . It runs in the background better than the aforementioned and is great at identifying threats . I highly recommend it to anyone who wants or needs to switch . My only issue , download updates after you install the program , not during . I received errors when I did it during . Good luck and happy computing .
 I used McAfee and Symantec and had problems . I tried Kaspersky since I heard so much about it and it not only gave me more updates , it also had a bonus of protecting me from spyware.Very cool !! I feel real protected .
 This suite sports a great firewall and fabulous antivirus . It is good at catching things other antivirus software misses . I had Norton 2007 installed on one system I own and Kaspersky Antivirus installed on another . My machine with Norton on it started acting strangely -- lots of pop ups , etc. . Uh oh . I ran 4 different anti-malware products on it , and each caught at least 2 things that Norton missed , some of them caught * mulitple * items missed . And I am not talking cookies here . But still , my machine ran horribly . So , I uninstalled Norton 2007 and installed this product . It came up with 13 trojans Norton had missed . 13 ! My machine with Kasperksy on it is clean -- no scanner can find anything and my other machine has never missed a beat or ended up costing my a bundle because of the mess trojans made of things . I honestly can not recommend Kaspersky enough over Norton , whether the suite or the stand-alone antivirus . Kaspersky was not able to fix the damage done by the host of trojans let on the machine , but the machine running Kaspersky was safe.A Kaspersky annoyance is their spam filtering . It is admittedly next to useless , so I disabled it . However , I like what the rest of the suite does .
 I used NORTON and McAfee for years , before I switched to KASPERSKY about 2 years ago ! That was the best investment I have ever made ! I now use KASPERSKY AntiVirus Sofware for my LAPTOP , and it is GREAT ! Also , I just purchased a NEW Home Desktop -LRB- with WINDOWS VISTA -RRB- , and purchased KASPERSKY INTERNET SECURITY 6.0 , AND it 's even BETTER than the AntiVirus -LRB- on the laptop -RRB- ! Unlike NORTON or McAfee , KASPERSKY does NOT slow down your computer . Also , IT DOES NOT MAKE NOISE ! -LRB- It does NOT make your computer sound like an `` airplane or a car '' -LRB- that 's my best description to the sound of the PC with other AntiVirus softwares -RRB- . What I love MOST about this software is that , unlike most other softwares , this ONE has it ALL ! -LRB- No need to spend your money in additional AntiVirus Softwares or Fire Walls , etc. . . -RRB- Here 's is some of the `` Protection & Features '' it includes : First of all , it works with WINDOWS VISTA , and Second , VERY EASY TO USE ! 1 -RRB- File AntiVirus2 -RRB- Mail AntiVirus3 -RRB- Web/INTERNET AntiVirus detection and REMOVAL4 -RRB- Proactive Defense5 -RRB- Anti-Spy6 -RRB- Anti-Hacker7 -RRB- Anti-Spam8 -RRB- Pop-up Blocker9 -RRB- SPYWARE & ADWARE REMOVAL10 -RRB- Fire Wall , and MORE ... It costs just a little more expensive than some others , but it is worth it ! BELEIVE AN INTERNET FREAK!Kaspersky Internet Security 6.0
 I have used Norton for years and it did slow down my computer . I decided to try Kapersky Internet and I love it . It was easy to install and I have n't had any problems . There are always updates so I manually download updates daily because I just do n't like automatic updates . This was a great product and I purchased it at a great price .
 Absolutely love this program . I 'd been using Norton for years and so was initially hesitant to switch . Its not as user friendly as Norton and has the annoying habit of repeatedly asking for permission even after it has been granted . On the upside this feature adds to its efficiency and gives the user complete control over all internet activity , making it an exceptionally good security program .
 It 's No. 1 as reviewed by professional companies . It 's update it 's Dbase every hour and makes my PC light and speed not like other programs . It has all what you need to make your PC secured . I recommend to move to this program and leave others .
 Great Security Suite . Does n't hog lots of ram and take over your entire system . Fairley easy to set up , not a lot of bells and whistles , BUT IT DOES THE JOB . The defence it does for my computer is great and has stopped a number of -LRB- trogans -RRB- . A little pricey , but cheap compared to losing everything .
 Being unfamiliar with Kaspersky , after reading reviews and using the free trial for a few days , I decided to purchase it . I do n't regret it . My system runs much faster , has more available memory , and feels more stable . I previously had Panda Platinum Internet Security 2006 and it was a pretty decent program , but it was too intrusive and quite a power/memory hog . I 'm glad I found this product . Do n't make the same mistake as some of the other disgruntled reviewers on here by dishing out your cash first , buying a product that you feel warm and fuzzy about and getting a multiple year subscription on top of that ... test your PC 's compatibility with the trial software first . That 's what the free trials are for ! Good luck in finding the security suite right for you , but I do n't think you can go wrong with this one .
 So far so very good . Did n't tie up my computer like trend micro did . Will update if I have a problem ...
 After reading reviews of this product , I decided to purchase it . This is an outstanding product and is less intrusive than Symantec -LRB- Norton products -RRB- . Hands down , this is the best product on the market .
 I purchased Kaspersky Internet Security to replace Microsoft 's Live OneCare . The main reason I switched is that reviews are constantly show OneCare as being significantly less effective at detecting viruses , etc -LRB- all though it was very easy to use and nicely non-intrusive -RRB- . Kaspersky ranked very highly for effectiveness and did n't seem to have all of the complaints that Norton and McAfee seem to get . So I thought I 'd try it out.All in all , it 's an excellent suite . It was easy to set up , it 's very non-intrusive , and it 's not a resource hog -LRB- unless it 's actively scanning -RRB- . Most of the time I do n't even know it 's running - until it pops up a warning , etc. . I also like it 's detailed information . You have much more detail on what it 's doing as well as a lot more control than I had with OneCare . It sacrifices some of the simplicity but I prefer to have the control.I 've only been running it for a month but , so far , there does n't seem to be any downside . It 's working great for me .
 Working great on my new computer . Very user friendly ; easy to install and work with . Good response times on the internet . Updates frequently , automatically , and invisibly . No more popup windows telling me I need to update . Initially I had a problem because I did not download all the updates . Worked with Kaspersky by email . Nice people to work with . Intelligent , understandable , polite , responsive , quick . Norton look out !
 The program loads easily enough.I have had to shutdown a number of the protection sections in order to speed up the computer usage . I assume with all the protection products running it checks everything and makes the computer so slow that you can not use it.I would not purchase it again .
 This is a wonderful all in one suite , but I have no idea why everyone is charging more than the manufacturer ! You can get this exact item from Kaspersky 's website for about twenty dollars less . I ca n't post the URL here , but you 'll find it : -RRB-
 I like this anti-virus software . Pretty user friendly .
 Our computer had slowed to a crawl so i decided to try a new security package.Installation was a breeze and after running my first scan it was able to find a trojan backdoor program that had downloaded to my computer that my other security scanner could not find.It also tells you when worms are trying to attack your computer and is able to block those attacks.Start up time on my computer has dropped from two minutes to twenty seconds and all my programs load much faster.Our computer now works like i hoped it would when we got a broadband connection.Very satisfied kaspersky customer .
 Holy moly ! I suffered years of Norton with sluggish start ups and sloth-like responce . I just got this K suite with my new HP 6130 and it is absolutely like night and day . What a fine work of software . So nimble , like a gazelle leaping across my screen -LRB- goodbye sloth -RRB- . I even got a prompt rebate for the initial cost -LRB- still waiting for the one from HP , though ! -RRB- . I really like how it will communicate with K to identify unknown threats and then eliminate them , too -LRB- did this once already for me -RRB- . The only thing that bothers me is that if my computer is off and it misses an update , it does not go right ahead and do it on start up , but asked me to do it -LRB- could just be a perference adjustment , not sure -RRB- . I highly recommend this product !
 I have been using Kaspersky Internet Security suite 6.0 for almost a month now and feel it has provided the best protection for me so far . I beleive the detection rate for viruses , trojans , is higher than Mcafee , Norton , AVG , which I have all used . When running a virus scan the first time with the trial version it detected an amazing 16 trojan horses . I ca n't help to think all of this went unpassed when using Mcafee at the time which I felt very confident using as my security suite . Kaspersky helped remove some of the trojans along with advice from the tech support that I feel have been helpful so far in replying to my e-mails in a timely manner concerning different issues . The firewall appears to be very strong and warns me of hacker attempts almost every day . Kaspersky also offers a website -LSB- ... -RSB- that lists information on viruses , trojans , malware , hackers , and virus removal tools . A lot of useful information that can keep you glued to your computer if your interested in learning more about this stuff . The tech support is somewhat limited with the trial version and the pop-ups can be a little annoying to some people when granting permission to open a site or install a new program . Some programs do run slow when running the virus scan , but for anyone who downloads a lot of music , movies , and surfs the web a lot this is a strong suite to have .
 This is the best Security Program i have used so far , it is fast , with daily updates and scans all possable areas . The best part is that is is easily to use and can enable only what you want , also it takes up very little system memory , i have noticed that my system , which is a little older now starts up faster and closes faster and i have little or no delay when opening applications .
 Kapersky was a much needed replacement for my computer security.I switched from Norton to Kapersky Internet Security when my Norton Internet Security program began malfunctioning like the HAL 9000 computer . I ended up having a professional computer whiz uninstall the Norton program . At the time I was told that the challenges I experienced with the Norton program were not uncommon . What were the challenges ? I 'm glad you asked.Norton Internet Security began blocking access to any `` https '' sites . As such you could access sites , such as banking and on-line catalogue ordering , but you could not log-on . The security icon would show that my computer was at risk , but when I clicked to get more information I was greeted with a warning that I was not an administrator . The system would likewise not allow me to disable the firewall or uninstall the program as I was not an administrator.Since I replaced the security program with Kapersky I have had no problems with my system .
 Having switched from Norton Internet Security because it was slowing down my system and was especially bothersome for this reason in addition to the cumbersome functioning of auto-upgrades and regular scans , I see that Kaspersky presents great improvements in these areas.In addition , it is much more transparent and interactive . In brief , while no security system may be perfect , this , from an end user standpoint , beats Norton and MacAffee hands down because it is smoother , faster , less cumbersome and more transparent . From this standpoint , it 's a better made product and a breath of fresh air .
 This is typical Kaspersky . It does it 's job , more thoroughly than the others . We 've used them all , since we 're in the business but prefer this .
 Great on computer resources . Detects viruses that other antivirus software did n't . Updates available every hour . Great software . Would recommend to anyone !
 I have used this product , this is wonderful product , I will buy this again
 I have been a pretty happy , satisfied Trend Micro PC Cillin user for many years now . Not too long ago I downloaded the 2007 version of their suite.friend of mine did too . We both ran into some fairly wacky problems ; Hers evens worse than mine . Decided 2007 , though it has potential , was n't quite ready for prime time yet . May check on it again in a few months.Kaspersky 's antiviral reputation has been very high for years , and so I thought I would drop PC Cillin and take their suite for a spin.No problems with the installation . Their general layout is more confusing ... to me anyway ... than PC Cillin 's . But default settings would suit most folks . And I finally found my way around . For once it might be eaier for most to go ahead and read their pretty thorough manual before installing though . -LRB- I didn ; t. . . lol ... but read it later -RRB- . I put in a little extra effort and am in the process of placing all their protections on max ... just to see if that will cause any problems ... maybe back off to their more easy going and recommended -LRB- for most users -RRB- security levels . The result is plenty of popups for several days asking whether they should allow certain processes . Usually it is pretty easy to determine how to respond . Actually it has been easy every time so far . For instance when I first moved to check for and download new Spysweeper definitions , I got four popups from kaspersky ... each from different aspects of their computer protection . I instructed it to add Spysweeper to the trusted zone in all , and so the next time I downloaded SS updates there was nary a popup.For the most dedicated user , the program can be customized in pretty minute detail ... if you want to spend the time.The auto setting is definitely the way to go on downloads , and they come pretty frequently and seamlessly.Call for a restart only every now and then.Their shields have alread stopped 3 attempted attacks from the ol Helkern Slammer worm . Amazed that chesnut is still around.It 's real time HTTP internet activity scans are a large plus . It 's email scans do not seem to slow Outlook down much.Kaspersky has some ingenious methods of detecting on the fly if a file it is scanning has changed or not since the last scan . if not , it leaves it alone . So though initial scans can take a long time , subsequent scans are much faster . Some are incredibly quick.It puts a moderate footprint on computer action . Nothing too serious . But i wouldn ; t call it light . -LRB- I have a 3.2 processor and a couple gigs of ram -RRB- Slows you down a bit here and there . The scans are easy to schedule , and run unobobtrusively in the background.Resident Office Outlook 2003 is my email program of choice , and it already has excellent junk mail handling techniques ... so I disabled K 's antispam component . Ca n't speak to its quality.All I know about it 's firewall is that it has performed well in leak tests . Certainly better than average . -LRB- my impression was the new PC Cillin 2007 shield is strong too . Much improved over 2006 in that regard -RRB- . Tests around the world vary so often , and the security landscape is in such flux , that it is n't easy to know which tester to believe and when to believe tests at all . But Kapersky detection rates on tests generally range from very good to superb . Often enough at the very top.One feature of PC Cillin I miss is their option to secure certain critical data from any web access ... stuff like passwords and credit card numbers . But Kaspersky stands a good chance of blocking those attempts from ever occuring without needing that particular feature.Unlesss you get very unlucky with system conflicts -LRB- like one person who has posted here -RRB- , after the teaching mode 's popups pass , this should be a solid set it and forget it suite.I like Kaspersky 's honesty in their spyware detection . So many antispyware programs go after simple really harmless tracking cookies just to boost their detection rep. Kaspersky does not do that . They are like a stealth bomber that refuses to attack civilians in that regard.Somebody said that the only 100 % secure computer is an unplugged computer . And that is , in my opinion , true actually . Kaspersky is honest enough to say pretty much exactly the same thing in their manual . But you certainly can tilt the odds heavily in your security 's favor by wise browsing , email , download , and file sharing choices ... and also by using this suite .
 Finally , a security program that is as good or better than Norton and McAfee . Kept Norton for a number of years , but it screwed up my pc . A new pc came with McAfee , which worked ok , but I hated the constant emails from them and the anti-spam would not work with Eudora . Finally got rid of McAfee when they `` offered '' to renew at $ 20 more than I could buy it retail.I 've had no problems installing or running Kaspersky . Price was a bit high , but you get what you pay for . I would suggest running a registry cleaner after uninstalling another security program and before installing a new one . CCleaner is a good free one . Even after uninstalling McAfee and then running McAfee 's own cleaner , CCleaner still found 15-20 traces of it on my system . And Norton is even worse .
 In the past few months , I 've owned or demoed several security suites -LRB- Norton , Mcafee , ZoneAlarm , V-Com -RRB- in my quest to find the least obtrusive suite -LRB- i.e. smart enough to not constantly harass you with firewall questions everytime you look at the keyboard -RRB- that does not completely hog all my PC 's resources . Not only is Kaspersky 's highly effective , other than spam-blocking -LRB- according to the reviews I 've read -RRB- , but it also hogs a lot less of my PC 's resources , both in terms of its always-on functions as well as the regularly scheduled scans and updates . I can actually use my PC during scans with little noticeable performance degradation , which is something I can not say for any of the other suites I 've tried , praticularly ZA 's and Norton 's .
 I am a data communication analyst and have lots of experience and knowledge when it comes to data security and system performance . I have used Norton products and was a loyal user though they add several services and entries to the auto run key in the registry for no good reason thereby negatively impacting system performance especially if you use laptop . Whenever I installed Norton product I had to tweak the registry in order to stop unnessary drain of system resources.I tried Kaspersky Internet Security version 6 after Norton ghost failed to clone my hard drive to the new and faster hard drive . I ended up restoring the saved image to the new drive and was prompted with activation which , of course , failed . After testing the program for about a month and delving into all advanced settings , I honestly would like to assert that Kespersky labs Internet Security Suite is a super performer and effectivly does its job without adding some interfaces designed to sell you more . The program is just amazing and well worth the money . The bottom line is that its the best out there . Of cousre just like everything else it would require some common sense to use it to its full potential.Surinder Singh
 I took advantage of the competitive upgrade offer and switched from McAfee 9 to Kaspersky 6 . I really like the Kaspersky ; the package included an informative booklet , installation was easy , and it immediately located several viruses and Trojans in e-mail attachments that McAfee left unnoticed.The Anti-Spam portion of the product in my case does produce some false positives and fails to catch many spam e-mails . But this is to be expected , and there is training wizard available to improve spam detection.There was an earlier review about Kaspersky blocking updates . This is true . What I 've done is , I enabled training mode . Now every time some application is trying to go on the Internet I get a popup message , and I can allow the action and save the parameters so I do n't get asked about it in the future . I think this is convenient , makes computer more secure , and generally worth the trouble.Overall I am very impressed with the Kaspersky Internet Security package as a whole , and I plan to buy more copies to install on other computers that I have .
 After already being fed up with Nortons incompetence , their 2007 edition was the final blow to their self destruction . I had to dump Norton because of so many problems which would take several pages to describe.I investigated the various benchmarks and reviews and decided on Kaspersky . I am absolutely impressed by this software . It was written by INTELLIGENT !!! people , & not by some nerds that are to stupid to kick over a bucket of water . The startup is faster . The updates are very fast . Their scanning for viruses will detect if the systems is busy and will pause the scanning until it is less busy . Meaning , that when you are using your machine , YOU , not the Internet Security has the highest priority . The way they handle the spam and popup is again very smartly written . This software was written by truly professionals with a high IQ.They thought about everything . I am a senior software engineer and I hate stupid software such as Nortons , with totally unnecessary messages which only serves to irritate you and slow you down . Kaspersky , congratulations for a job well done . This is the best on the market !!
 This is a simple review and straight forward to the point . Comparing to well known brands like Norton and Macafee , Kasperksy offers great protection for your PC without draining it 's resources and drain the juice from your brain trying to setup the program . It was great hassel for me to use Norton security package , the loading time is three times slower and the and configuring the program to suite your needs in such a pain . Macafee was n't different from norton plus the virus protection suffers from detecting vicious worms . Kaspersky on the other hand is easy to install and use , offers wide variety of protection for your system , and the update keeps your PC well protected from current viruses and worms . I 'm using Kaspersky on my Toshiba laptop with 1.7 Ghz intel centrino processor and 512MB of ram and it 's running smooth and not affecting the performance of the laptop.One piece of advice , if you buy Kaspersky SECURITY suite DONT ' T BUY Kaspersky ANTIVIRUS package , basically the are the same except the security suite offers more internet brwosing and firewall safety solutions .
 I had been usingNorton Internet Security 2007for six years , though I had always turned off their anti-spam option in favor of another companies anti-spam software -LRB- they went out of business last year though I was still using their product without updates and it was still better than Norton 's product -RRB- . Norton did n't offer a spyware scanner , so I was also usingLavaSoft Ad-Aware Plusto scan for spyware . I was happy with my spyware scanner but Norton was starting to get annoying.First of all , Norton took a long time to load on startup with Windows XP Professional . Second , I noticed that many times on shutdown or restart , the ccApp executable would often need to be manually shut down before XP could be shut down . I would also see errors periodically that turned out to be various executables used by Norton . I was n't happy with Norton , but I felt locked in . Out of habit , I upgraded every year . I knew from two of my friends thatMcAfee Internet Security Suite 2007had the same types of issues . It was slow to load and unload and it was a huge application . I did n't know of any other good options.I was upgrading to Windows Vista x64 Ultimate and that required yet another Norton upgrade . This time , I decided to be a smart consumer and research before I blindly upgraded Norton for the seventh year in a row . First I asked a few friends and got the same number of recommendations . Then I checked out the reviews on CNET . Not surprisingly , Norton and McAfee rounded out the bottom of their list for the same reasons I found.CNET gave Kaspersky Internet Security 6.0 rave reviews . I started to research it everywhere else on the Internet , and it kept getting great reviews . It was easy to use -LRB- a good selling point for Norton and McAfee -RRB- but it did n't do all of the bad things . I would n't be saving money -LRB- there are cheaper options but they seemed to be more difficult to use -RRB- but I 'd finally get what I was paying for.I downloaded the trial version and used it while I waited for my full version from Amazon . When the retail box showed up , I entered the activation code in my trial version and it was instantly the full version . I did n't lose any of my settings and it took under a minute to do.I now have a firewall that works well and has blocked 32 attacks since I started using it a months ago . I can easily see a report of what the firewall has been doing . Norton 's firewall was always a bit cumbersome and I 'm happy to see how easy Kaspersky 's firewall has been to use in comparison.I 've been using the email anti-spam application that is part of the Kaspersky suite and it has been flawless . I needed to contact Kaspersky Customer Service with a configuration problem , and they handled it quickly . Now it works as I would expect.I no longer need Lavasoft Ad-Aware because the Kaspersky suite scans for spyware , too . That 's a nice bonus!Another thing I really like is that Kaspersky gets the latest virus signature information and product updates every night . Norton needed a lot of hand-holding every time it wanted to get signatures and updates . It did n't do it automatically from start to finish , and it did n't get updates every night . I 'm very happy with this feature.It loads quickly and I have n't seen a single error . I shut down much faster , too . I 'm very happy that I made the switch and left Norton , and Kaspersky was a great way to go . I highly recommend this product !
 After installing Norton 360 my computer started running much slower and the fan was constantly on . Even worse , my browser kept crashing and 360 kept denying my use of certain important sites because the `` certificate has been revoked . '' On the recommendation of a friend I decided to replace 360 with Kaspersky.Stripping out all of the Norton components was a real chore , though with the helpful advice of the folks in the forums on Kaspersky 's website I was able to do it . Be warned that it does take some time and downloads -LRB- including Norton 's removal tool -RRB- , so block out a few hours for installation if you are not starting with a pristine system . If you do n't remove Norton -LRB- or whatever protection system you were using -RRB- , chances are you will get the blue screen of death that a few commenters have cited.On the recommendation of those in the forum , rather than installing from the CD I received -LRB- version 6.0.1.411 -RRB- , I downloaded the most current version of Internet Security from the Kaspersky website -LRB- 6.0.2.621 -RRB- and installed that instead , while using the product key I received with the CD . I would highly recommend this . It worked beautifully . My system is faster than it 's been in a long while , my fan rarely runs , and I have n't had a single problem since . It even found a virus that Norton had failed to detect . Needless to say , I returned my Norton 360 . Not having a live support person may be frustrating for some , but I found the Kaspersky online forums to be more helpful than the live help I received from Norton . It does help to know your way around the computer -LRB- though by no means must you be an expert -RRB- and to know how to follow directions . If you fall into that category -LRB- or have someone who does and can help with installation -RRB- , I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this product on Amazon.com last week as my ZoneAlarm Internet Security had expired . I installed Kaspersky Internet Security last night . Since this product gives you free upgrade to version 7 . I simply downloaded the version 7 from their web site and installed it . Then I used the version 6 product key to activate it . It 's easier and I do n't need to do it again later.This product is very impressive . My computer is significantly faster - the startup time is shorter , all applications , and even the browser -LRB- internet surfing -RRB- runs better . I tried all major brands - Norton , Mcafee , Computer Associate , and Zonealarm . They both slow down my computer and use a lot of memory . I highly recommend to try this product !! All the installation process was pretty smooth . I did n't experience any blue screen or any other products like some users mention in other reviews . A normal user should be able to handle it well . Before install the product , please remember to :1 . Uninstall all other brands Internet security -LRB- or Antivirus -RRB- .2 . If you already installed Kaspersky Internet Security 6 and would like to upgrade to version 7 soon , you should uninstall version 6 before installing version 7 . That 's why I suggest people to install version 7 directly and use the version 6 product key.With these proper steps , you should n't have any problem with this product . I am happy with this product . I am sure that you will be pleased with the performance of Kaspersky.P.S . I suggest you to run a Anti-spam training after install the application . You simply select Anti-Spam . Then click on `` Training Wizard '' and follow the simple instruction . It will made the anti-spam works better .
 If you want to open & create office documents but dont want to spend an arm and a leg , just get the older version . I put this on my old laptop and it was a cheap way to go .
 office 2000 is better than the 2008 upward vesions because they have more ` stuff ' I have no intention to use . Office 2000 is a good version for word and excel and like they say ` if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it ' cheers .
 thanks so much for the item ... the product came in tact and in a timely manner . Please keep up the good service !
 it was a good product , actually I 'm familiar with it which is why I picked an older one . It was delivered on time and as expected .
 All you 'll need to succeed ! In next to no time this amazing lanuage tutor will have you talking like a native ! That 's the key ! Most foreign language courses just do n't really help you nail pronunciation ; this one does . It actually can take you from speaking Enlish only to being bi-lingual ; and in only 12 realitively easy lessons !
 As a true Nancy Drew fan , and worked all the games put out to date . I found this to be one of the best , they just seem to be getting better . Good Puzzels .
 I have to say that this game was too short in game play , otherwise it was still fun to play . I liked the idea of `` driving her car '' and going from one building to another instead of just staying at one place . The graffics were very good . The puzzles could have been a little harder . Overall , I still liked playing this game . I 'm a big fan of the ND games .
 I have all the Nancy Drew computer games and have done them all . They are a lot of fun , great for kids and adults . Secret of the Old Clock was the most recent game ment to convey the first Nancy Drew book/mystery . It was done very well , with some suspense and excitement . It really makes you think and to learn new things . This one took a new approach to transportaion with the user actually driving this car around town -- this was tricky and a little irritating , I think that 's my only little complaint on the game . I recommend all the Nancy Drew games , trust me , they 're a blast .
 My daugher and I love all of the Nancy Drew games . Fun and new in this game is the driving element , and it is historically set where the others feature more modern settings . One of the great things about these games is that they lead kids back to the original literature -- my daughter loves to read the stories after she solves the games .
 This game has more twists with driving the car around , but all in all it is not much different than the previous games . It was not bad as some were -LRB- Scarlet Hand and Deception Island , in my opinion -RRB- and the exteriors were good ... Nancy Drew games are becomming `` formula '' and I have every one and played every one , and will continue to do so , they are addicting ! Just wanting something different . My favorites are Royal Tower and Final Scene .
 There is some fun stuff in this PC game ; but overall it 's kind of boring and a little bit annoying . And I am a big fan of the Nancy Drew PC games ! I have a feeling the next game -LRB- available fall 2005 -RRB- , `` Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon '' , will be longer and more mysterious ! My favorite ND games thus far
 I loved this game so much it was not that difficult even as Senior Detective . It was way to short , though . I would have loved it to be at least 2 days of playtime . I finished in about 8-9 hours . But it was well worth it . I can hardly wait for Hardy Boys Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon to come out in September .
 This game is fun . but not as fun as the rest of the nancy drew games . this game took me only 2 days to pass . my favorite is still last train to blue canyon . very short , very few people to talk to , very easy as well , compared to 3 other games i 've played .
 I had been wanting a Nancy Drew game for a long time , and I finally got this one for Christmas . Some of the puzzles are pretty hard , but I finally figured them out . I 'm 14 , so take that into consideration . Doing the intelligence test was hard , the answers are so easy !!!! Just think simple , whats obvious . Some of them I did n't do when I was suppossed to , so that would have helped . I do n't care what anyone says , this is a great game . I think the plot was pretty good , it could have been played out longer , but it fits . Be sure to take everything into consideration ! And take the job at Tubby Telegraphs , despite what some say , it 's a fun to see what some people say .
 This is another great Nancy Drew game from Her Interactive . It is full of clues and puzzles that you , as Nancy Drew , have to figure out . Your goal is to try to help Emily Crandall keep her recently deceased mother 's Lilac Inn running by finding her rich neighbors real will.In this game you get to drive a car to places . Since it is set in the 1930 's , you drive a roadster ! It may not be as tough as the other games , but is n't exactly very easy either . This is a really great game that I recommend for anyone who likes a mystery .
 Lilacs all around , the smell of fresh baked pies in the air , and a beautiful house ... You would n't even think that there would be trouble in the atmosphere ! You play as Nancy Drew , of course , solving her VERY FIRST MYSTERY ... not in the series , but in her life . Emily Crandall 's mom died not too long ago , leaving her in charge of Lilac in with only the help of Emily 's gaurdian , Jane . You and your blue roadster need to help Emily ... Why did n't Josiah Crowley leave Emily the money he promised her when he would pass away and his will would be revealed ? 5 stars definitely , THE best Nancy Drew game ... So far !
 It was a fantastic game wonderful . I mean the car chasing , the raking of the dough , losing your tires , having to get them fixed . All of it was really fun ! I loved the charectors and coud n't believe who the culprit was ! I was so shocked . I do think the psyhic dude was unneasousary . Why did he have to be psyhic ? Also i think it should a been a bit more longer and intense . But it is the 1930s it 's set in . And it was fun . What was a big shocker was who i was able to talk to on the phone ! You guys we 'll se for yourself when you get them game . It 's really fun and like a reviewer said it 's good for kiddies who get scared cause there ai n't any violence or scary endings . -LCB- Although i like intense moments , i do n't like violence or ghosts . -RCB- So i strongly suggest getting this game . IT 's OH SO FUN !!! And the 1930s era is the best the slang and everything and the driving . get the game ! It has to be almost the best nany drew game title !
 Easier then previous games therefore not as frustrating . Kids love the driving , raking in the money , and the fun games . Great for kids who get scaried as there is no violence or scary endings . They also enjoyed the prices and learned a little about the depression.As an adult , I got tired delivering telegrams until I realized I could stop when I wanted . Otherwise I enjoyed the game , especially the depression time .
 I liked this game a lot . The car was fun ! The 1930 's motif was excellent and unique . Good job HER Interactive . I ca n't wait until the next game comes out .
 I am a HUGE fan of the Nancy Drew Line of games . These are great games for girls of any age -LRB- myself being in my mid 20s -RRB- . Secret of the Old Clock did not dissapoint . However , the game did not last as long as previous games . It was much easier to figure things out -LRB- esp . if you have read the book -RRB- . It only took me a total of 10 hours of gaming to finish the whole game . Normally it takes at least 20 hours if not more . I definatly recommend this game but if you are new to the Nancy Drew games i suggest starting out with one of the earlier ones -LRB- my fav is Curse of Blackmoore Manor -RRB-
 I am a nancy drew game LOVER !! I think that even with the shortness it was very interesting ! The 1930 's setting makes it feel different then the other games so you do n't feel like they are using material over . You get to drive Nancy 's Roaster and that is way fun !! Their are about 10 characters -LRB- a good amount I think -RRB- and they are not easily confused ! The end has a weird little twist that is just very funny ! You get to play mini golf , which is a challenge , but not one that makes you stop from playing the game . As far a Nancy drew 's goes this a mild one . There are n't many scary parts . You have to use your brain in this one but it is n't too hard!The included hints are a wonderful thing . In this game you have to look around and scan . So if you are looking for constant adventure try a different game.With they wonderful design of the game you kinda start to feel like you are in teh 1930 's yourself !! It may be a little short but it is one that you can play over again . It worked well and was very intesting ... I really enjoyed this game and I think that it is worth the money !!
 Nancy Drew
 I just finished playing `` Secret of the Old Clock '' , and I loved it ! Before I say anything more , I think it important to add that I am 35 years old - so , take it from me , these games are great fun for ANYONE over the age of about 10 ! This particular game is set in the 1930 's -LRB- the depression era -RRB- , and is about a young girl whose mother recently passed away - leaving her a bed & breakfast/bakery to run . She did , however , write her friend before passing , asking her to come & help her 17 year old daughter if something should happen to her - and her friend rushed right over , trying to help out , but knowing nothing of the business.Strange things started happening at the inn at about this time , and both the young girl & her guardian are convinced that she is having a nervous breakdown - that it 's all in her head . Especially since not only is she grieving the loss of her mother , but they are running out of money . An elderly neighbor -LRB- who was quite rich -RRB- had promised to leave them plenty of money in his will - but when he died , it looked as though he left all of his money & estate to a man who supposedly taught mind reading & esp.In comes Nancy Drew ... Is the will originally found the ONLY one ? Could it be a forgery ? And what of all the strange noises & happenings at the inn ? Who 's behind them , or are they really all in the teenager 's mind ? These are the questions you 'll have to answer while playing `` teen detective '' . I found several differences between this game & the other Nancy Drew games I 've played to date . First , the graphics are better - in fact they are just as good as some of the more high-tech games I 've played . Second , you actually get to drive a car -LRB- but be sure to watch out for potholes -RRB- ! Last , there was much more ground to cover - which I really liked - so you get to see a lot of the town , and speak with several people -LRB- rather than just being confined to a house , and only talking to 1 or 2 others -RRB- . Oh , there 's one more difference ... You actually have to earn money in this game - to pay for gas , car repairs , games & other necessary items.Overall , I think this game is a `` must have '' for anyone who enjoys -LRB- or had enjoyed -RRB- the Nancy Drew series . One of the great assets of these games is that they allow you to choose a difficulty level - but , I must warn all you other adults out there , if you have n't played many ND games -LRB- or even if you have ! -RRB- , you may want to choose the `` junior '' level . This will allow you to get more hints if you need them - and if you do n't , you just do n't ask for them - as it 's the number of hints that will change based on the level you choose to play at.Another 2 thumbs up for the creators of Nancy Drew !!!
 The twelfth of the Nancy Drew Mystery Series . Things are graded A-F , just like school.The Crime
 Secret Of the Old Clock in the Nancy Drew series is fun for all ages . I 'm 62 and this is my fifth Nancy Drew game . Some of the Nancy Drew games are so difficult as to be frustrating . Not so with Secret Of the Old Clock , the puzzles are challenging but not so much so that one becomes so frustrated they need to look for a walkthrough.I could actually solve most of the puzzles without a walkthrough , but I did go to a hint site for one puzzle ... not bad for me!I do n't think it necessary to go into the story and characters because the reviews before mine have covered that extremely well . But I do want to encourage people to play this game because it is a excellent one . I read a poor review for this product on another site and almost did n't purchase it . So let me assure you , this is an excellent game . The graphics are fantastic and none of my character faces were blurry.What I liked best was being able to drive a car around the town . It was so much fun . Often when I play these Nancy Drew games I get stuck in spots and ca n't figure out what to do next . In this game there is constantly something to do and lots of puzzles to solve and because they are not terribly complicated like the puzzles in The Curse of Blackmoor Castle , you feel great when you are able to solve them yourself without help . I never did finish The Curse of Blackmoor , I felt it was too complicated with all the chemicals , gods , and formulas.I loved the Secret Of the Old Clock characters , I love the sense of humor that is always present in these games . I do n't mind at all that some of the puzzles do n't fit into the story exactly ... they 're fun and that is all I care about . I loved the miniature golf game and I think that after a few tries things sort of go your way and I 'm convinced that might have been worked into the program that after so many tries it gets easier . I know I 'll return often to replay the miniature golf and try to better my score . I played it four times before playing under par for my prize.Whether or not you are a grandmother like me , a young person or middle aged , you will enjoy this game .
 I own and have played all the Nancy Drew games . My wife and I have immensely enjoyed them all . Here 's the kicker - we have no kids and I 'm over 50 years old and my wife is even older -LRB- I 'm not including her actual age and it does n't take a Nancy Drew to figure out why ! -RRB- . We live in a resort area and save all the games for the winter because while it does n't snow here then , it does get a bit nippy and we do get a fair amount of rain . We always look forward to huddling around the monitor screen and popping in a recently released ND game or two during off-season . This year , we had Old Clock and Blue Moon Canyon in house and ready to install . In any case , I wanted you to know that we are very familiar with the games before giving you our impressions.This is the first ND game where we have n't gotten stuck for a while or had to resort to the Her Interactive message board for a hint or even worse , consult a walkthrough ! That said , it was extremely satisfying to finally play and finish one all on our own , despite the fact it does play a bit shorter than some previous Nancy Drew games . We both loved the original time setting and the News Reel type dialogue . Driving the car was easily the best and most fun way of getting around of all the Nancy Drew games and while the telegram schtick to earn money can get a little tedious -LRB- as well as the Zippy Gas slogan -RRB- , we felt it taught the younger fans a true life lesson , one they will need when they get older . Work often is tedious and not very fun , but you do what you must to pay the bills . There are very few free rides in life . This game may have taught that lesson to many younger players while they were n't even aware of it . It was also a great way to get a layout of the town . The puzzles were not one on top of each other , but spaced nicely apart . They were challenging enough , but not impossible to do without help . For those who claim they were too easy , did you get through the mini-golf course on the first or second try ? And were you able to sew the dress before you pulled out almost all of your hair ? I thought not ! Granted , the game does run shorter than previous ones , but there are very few dead spots and this game had more of a feel of doing actual detective work than being just a problem and puzzle solving game . Last , but not least , the graphics are outstanding and we were constantly blown away by how good they really were and how far Her Interactive has come since Secrets Can Kill was released . Her Interactive seems to be listening and reacting to the consumer . The very first Nancy Drew Game was a disaster of bad graphics and having to constantly interchange disks while playing it . Each Nancy Drew game since then seems to have a bit more quality and innovation to it than the previous game before it . It 's now to the point where Her Interactive can match product with the best of the computer game industry.So , should you buy the game ? Absolutely ! It 's a fun journey to the past with a good story line , some fun and challenging puzzles and has graphics that will knock your socks off ! My wife and I rate Old Clock as Her Interactive 's best ND game yet . Other Nancy Drew games have some great features , but for smoothness of play , Secret of the Old Clock wins hands down ! As for the complaints about the short time-play , do you measure value and enjoyability by time spent working a game or by the amount of fun you had playing the game ? If you do n't have a lot of fun playing this game , you probably should n't be playing this or any other Nancy Drews games in the first place . For those of us who like to have fun and marvel over incredible graphics , Secret of the Old Clock is a real treat and a must play.Well done , Her Interactive !
 This Nancy Drew game was one of the best games that HerInteractive has made so far . This game does have very challenging puzzles and it has a fun 1930 's setting . I am ten years old and I own five Nancy Drew games . This one is defenitly my favorite .
 My sister and I love the nancy drew mysteries that come out on CD-ROM and we are constantly checking to see when the new one is out . We 've done all the mysteries , and we usually do the junior sleuth because its easier . But The Secret of the Old Clock was TOO easy ! We sloved the case in a couple of hours and were bored wanting to know if they had developed the next one yet . I agree with the last reviewer that is a little boring with driving the car , and my sister and I kept doing the deliveries because it never said that you could just stop ! So we made like 20 $ and finally got sick of it and went back to the lilac inn and they didnt say anything else about it ! Well if you decide to get it you should definitel play the senior sleuth if you want a challenge , because on the junior one my sister and i definitely didnt get one at all .
 This was a lot of fun for me and my grandkids to do together but I found I am not a very good driver to the grandkids joy . It was hard for me to miss the mud and potholes . But a lot of fun to solve the puzzles . The grandkids and I have enjoyed all the Nancy Drew games .
 this is one of the great game of the last 3 years .
 `` Secret of the Old Clock '' is probably among the most unique Nancy Drew games . This game was released in 2005 , and in honor of her 75th anniversary , this game was released . Its title comes from the first Nancy Drew book ever published , and the story itself is a mix of the first four Nancy Drew books ever published -LRB- `` The Secret of the Old Clock '' , `` The Hidden Staircase '' , `` The Bungalow Mystery '' , and `` The Mystery at Lilac Inn '' -RRB- . To add to the feeling of authenticity , `` Secret of the Old Clock '' takes place in 1930 , the year that the book was published.In this game , a young woman named Emily Crandall has asked Nancy to drive out to her Lilac Inn to meet her , saying she 'd like her to do her a favor . This takes Nancy by surprise , as she does n't really know Emily aside from their mutual friend Helen Corning . However , thoughtful as she is , Nancy accepts.When Nancy drives out to the Inn , she meets Emily 's guardian Jane Willoughby , who is legally responsible for Emily now that Gloria Crandall -LRB- her mother -RRB- has passed away -LRB- her father died in battle years ago -RRB- . Jane tells Nancy that Emily has been acting strangely , but Nancy dismisses this , thinking that she 's probably full of grief and stress after losing her mom and trying to run the inn on her own.Nancy goes upstairs to meet with Emily in her room . Emily tells Nancy that she 'd like her to lock her mother 's jewelry up in a safe , to keep it safe from all of the `` weird things '' that have been happening around the Inn lately . Nancy 's curiosity gets going about these `` weird things '' , but she has little time to ask before the stove in the kitchen ignites!Nancy , Emily , and Jane all run out to escape the fire . The fire department arrives in time to save the Lilac Inn , but not in time to save the stove . With the stove gone , the Lilac Inn will no longer be able to serve its famous pies , meaning it could have to shut down for good . Not only that , but the priceless jewelry was stolen in the midst of it all!All of the financial trouble that was happening in the 30 's -LRB- the game takes place right before the Great Depression -RRB- and lack of a stove makes Emily blurt out that she wishes Josiah Crowley - a rich old man who 'd recently passed away - had left her money in his will like he said he would . When Nancy asks about this , she learns that Mr. Crowley had promised he 'd leave various people who he cared about money when he died , but when his will was found , they were left nothing and all of his belongings went to an ESP expert named Richard Tompham.Just what happened to the jewelry ? Why did the stove ignite ? Is the will that was found the true will of Josiah Crowley ? If so , why would a sweet old man like him break his promises ? Nancy 's now determined to find out the truth by solving her first case ... The storyline is pretty strong , and actually flowed very impressively , which I imagine would be hard to do when combining * four * stories into one . The mystery does eventually branch off into two or three different cases in and of itself , but it 's actually all weaved together rather nicely by the end . The ending was very good , and I really ca n't complain about how things turned out at all.I rather liked being able to explore and sneak around the Lilac Inn , as well as a few other places , like Josiah Crowley 's old house -LRB- now inhabited by Topham -RRB- and the town 's bank . This is also the first game to use the driving feature , which gives the player the ability to `` drive '' around Titusville -LRB- the name of the city the game 's taking place in -RRB- by controlling the car from an areal view with their mouse . I had mixed feelings about the driving feature , as it does get hard to control and it 's possible to lose the game if a flat tire is n't properly taken care of . Still , it was also a cute little feature that was fun to include in a game . I do miss seeing everything from Nancy 's perspective , though ... The puzzles were fun , and I liked the majority of them , but some of them were pretty hard to get through and felt like they rewarded little . The golfing challenge in particular was extremely hard to get through , and I 'd say I spent at least a good half hour trying to win that section of the game alone . The sewing challenge was also pretty hard the first time around , but I felt it was easier once I got the hang of it.Since the game does take place in 1930 , there are lots of modern luxuries that were in previous games that did not appear in this game . For example , Nancy does n't have a cell phone , and has to drive back to the Lilac Inn to use the coin phone on the porch whenever she wants to make a call . The phone friends in this game were nice , and this is the first -LRB- and so far , only -RRB- game in which Nancy has the ability to call her dad for hints and insight into the case . I really liked having Carson Drew in the game , and I 'm hoping he makes his second appearance soon.Speaking of the coin phone - that 's another new feature employed in this game . This is the first game to employ the use of money , and Nancy must pay to get various tasks done -LRB- i.e. paying for more gas , buying things for other people , etc. -RRB- . It 's possible to run low on money , but Nancy can also drive around town delivering telegrams in exchange for some money . Delivering telegrams can get tedious at times , but the small conversations that are always sparked between Nancy and the person she 's delivering the telegram to always brought about some comedic relief . Some of them were actually pretty funny.The characters were well-integrated , and all seemed to have good reason to be the culprit . I was n't sure who necessarily would be the culprit at the end , but there was enough to make me suspect everybody at times -LRB- even Emily -RRB- . The culprit choice was actually rather surprising , and employed a move that 'd never been used before when explaining the culprit 's motive . While some may have their doubts about this , I felt it was rather nicely written into the story and made the game even more unique.The suspects in this game include Emily Crandall , a 17-year-old orphaned girl who seems to have been losing her marbles ever since her mother died and feels like she 's incapable of running Lilac Inn . Jane Willoughby was Gloria Crandall 's best friend from years ago , and is currently acting as Emily 's guardian until she turns 18 ; she 's trying to convince Emily to sell the Inn thinking that she should take advantage of her youth while she still has it . Jim Archer is Emily 's banker who seems to be a little evasive about the situations going on at the Lilac Inn , and also thinks Emily should sell the Inn before the bills start getting too high . Richard Topham is Josiah Crowley 's former ESP trainer who 's residing in Josiah 's old house , who 's inherited all of Crowley 's belongings and views the Crandalls and Mr. Archer as selfish people who only loved Josiah because he had a lot of money . `` Secret of the Old Clock '' has a rather nice selection of music . None of it was my own personal cup of tea , because I prefer scarier music . The game does feature some nice 30 's music , though . All of it complimented the game itself , and I think that the soundtrack really could n't get much better than it already is.Is `` Secret of the Old Clock '' as strong of a game as most of the classic 13 Nancy Drew games ? No . I do miss seeing everything from Nancy 's perspective , and some of the puzzles and challenges were very hard and frustrating . However , is it a bad game ? Most definitely not ! The story is wonderful , and I really liked the cast . It still features more first person exploration than a lot of the more recent games do , and it still holds the feel-good `` classic Nancy Drew game '' feeling that the first 13 games had . While this would n't be my top recommendation for a Nancy Drew game , it 'd definitely still be high up in my gaming recommendations , and should be played by anybody who wants to play all of the `` good '' Nancy Drew games or those who want to take a blast into the past and catch a cunning criminal by finding out the secret surrounding the old clock . :-RRB- 4 stars for this gem of a game !
 I have played almost all the Nancy Drew games and this is one of my favorites . The puzzles are all very fun to solve , which is hard to achieve in any game . I love the story as well as the obvious connection to early ND books . It is different from other games in that it 's set in the 1930 's . It seems like it could be lame to not have a cell phone or other modern aspects of the game , but it really works . This is a really light and non scary game , so I like to play this one after a heavier duty ND game like theNancy Drew
 This was the first Nancy Drew game I had ever played . Although its not my favorite it is still a good game and great for people new to the series . I 'm going to split my review up into different sections so I can give the game a more accurate rating.PLOT - 4/5
 This game was quaint , and clever . It does n't keep you stuck in one place with too many puzzles . Very enjoyable .
 This was the first Nancy Drew game I ever played , and it certainly made a good impression on me ! The year is 1930 , and you are Nancy Drew . You are asked to go to Titusville to see your mutual friend , Emily Crandall , who runs an inn . Her mother recently died , and she fears she is losing her head because of all the work . Her guardian , Jane Willoughby , is trying to take care of her but seems utterly clueless . Can you , Nancy Drew , try to find where Emily 's stolen jewels are and where a will is that will help Emily pay off all of her debts?This game is very good . It is exciting and very realistic to the times -LRB- 1930 -RRB- . I like the music they play in the background , like the Andrews Sisters and other 30 's ` Jitterbug ' type music . Do n't buy this game if you are not very good at puzzles because there are a lot of them or have a low patience level because this one takes much longer to play than the others.All in all , this game is wonderful !
 I really enjoyed playing this game . It really does pass the time . My only problem with the game is that sometimes you do n't know what to do next . I guess they want you to try to talk to everyone and look at everything but some steps I completely missed until I went over the game guide . I recommend getting the game guide or using the discussion boards at the publishers website . I 'll be buying more of these for sure .
 As always , the Nancy Drew games do not disappoint . Personally , I quite enjoyed driving around delivering telegrams , if for no other reason than to keep my cash flow going , and to tour the rest of the town . I must admit , I was a bit confused as to why HerInteractive would n't have incorporated the Courthouse into the game for some purpose , but hey , it 's nice to see they have a penchant for detail . After all , what town does n't have a Courthouse ? heh.Indeed , this game could have been designed to be twice as enduring -LRB- and there were several ways this could have been accomplished -RRB- , but to be honest , enduring does not equate with endearing . Every ND game has satisfied me on many levels , even if a few levels were left wanting.I also enjoyed going back in time to 1930 , albeit there were a few inconsistencies regarding what took place when , i.e. , the turntable revolving the wrong way , et al. ... however , a good detective will notice these faux pas.Like I say , there 's rarely any disappointment when it comes to the Nancy Drew games . One can only hope they continue to create these games indefintely . My only gripe is that they come out with only two games a year . My wish would be for four or five . : -RRB-
 This is a good game , but it is not one of my favorites in the Nancy Drew series . In my opinion , it was way to easy . I completely solved the game in a couple of hours . I didnt like the ending very much though , it wasnt enough of a challenge . But overall , it was a pretty good game .
 This game is a great game for girls 11-18 . Each of my three girls loved it . I am glad it is non-violent . The brain puzzles are nicely challenging for all ages . It takes the 18 year old much shorter time to solve the whole game than the 11 year old ! Plus it is great for enhancing reading skills for my 11 year old . Ca n't wait for another new one .
 Secret of the Old Clock is a bit different than the other Nancy Drew games . It is set back in the ' 30 's and you actually get to drive the car and make and spend money . This game is a little easier than some of the other games . It will work well for younger school age children .
 I play this game with my 12 year old child . We play in Junior Detective mode . We never got stuck during this game where we need to look for help . There were many interesting puzzles to solve . She really enjoyed driving around town and playing mini golf . There were no frustrating moments when we were unable to do anything and she never got bored . We have played all of the Nancy Drew games and this one was particularly fun .
 I am addicted to Nancy Drew games and this latest entry does not disappoint . I 've played 10 out of 12 of them and they just keep getting better . Oh yeah , I 'm 34 and these games are challenging to an adult so do n't be scared off that they will be too juvenile .
 This is a fun game with many nods at the early Nancy Drew books . My daughter and I have fun playing ND games together and this sparked a lot of conversation about dinosaurs such as party lines and telegrams . Had it 's fun moments like the putt putt course and good graphics like the inside of the shed but I did n't think it was as challenging as Blackmoor Manor -LRB- 20 not 25 hours of play -RRB- and the secret passageway was disappointing after the elaborateness of some of the other secret passageways like Deception island or Blackmoor Manor . Fun but liked the longer game .
 I love Nancy Drew so when I got this game I was sooo happy ! This game is one of the best because it based in the first book `` The secret of the old clock '' I like how it looked like that actual time ! it 's very adventurous and unless you 've been able to solove hard puzzles and have finished all the rest of the games without a hard time then you really should n't buy it . This game takes alot of time , -LSB- for me it took a month -RSB- because you have to solve a case . unless you have help it is probably going to take a long time for you to . It is very pleasing when you finish the game so I defenetly give it the best grade ever ! Nancy Drew rocks !!!!!!!!!!
 this nancy drew game is one of the best ones yet buy it
 so , i wo n't say what all the other reviews have said , but on junior level , one of the nicest things about this game is the CHECKLIST that nancy keeps . whenever i did n't know what to do , there were always 1 or 2 things that i had n't done on the checklist . and im sure im not the only one that gets like immense pleasure out of checking things OFF the checklist . so , if you get this game , do n't forget about the checklist , its a life saver !
 Before I begin , I 'll give some context for my review . I 've been playing ND games since elementary school -LRB- now going to college , shows how entertaining they are ! -RRB- and I 've played 18/26 of the games . This review is based on my experience of replaying this game recently -LRB- Summer 2012 -RRB- . I 'll categorize into pros , neutrals , and cons with a summing up at the end . There will be no major spoilers , but there will be a part where I rate the ending , and that 'll be labeled so you can skip it if you 'd like . I will only say how I felt about the ending , and nothing of the plot itself , but some may not want to hear any of that.Pros : - Connecting the game to the book
 This is my 4th ND game and I absolutely loved it . Other 's have complained that the game play was too short but that did n't bother me at all , however I bought it as a 4 pack so it ended up being about $ 3.50 per game . It was easier than the other 's I 've played because I usually have to look up hints on the internet but this one I was able to solve myself which was the best part . I loved the story line and really liked all of the different areas I found to explore . This would actually be an excellent game for someone who 's never played a Nancy Drew mystery before .
 I have played many nancy drew games and it usually takes me a few days 2 beat them but this one was incredibly short -LRB- it was tons of fun though -RRB- So if you love the nancy drew games like me i suggest you get this but if you are really into long lasting games lets just say get `` The Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake `` which is longer.Overall this is a very fun game just very easy : -RRB- My personal favorite part was the mini golfing !
 OK , I am a HUGE fan of the Nancy Drew games and I 've beaten all of them and ca n't wait until the next one ! I must say this is one of the most interesting!It 's so unlike the others and you get to do many things you would n't otherwise do . However , you know how sometimes things are fun at first but then they 're just tedious work ? That 's how it was for me . The roadster thing was pretty fun at first but eventually just got very annoying.You also get to do Putt-Putt and some other things you would ' t expect from a Nancy Drew game , but these are truly the most high quality games I 've ever played -LRB- and I 've played a lot of games -RRB- and you really can expect the unexpected with Her Interactive -LRB- the makers of the game . -RRB- The characters are n't as good as I had wished but they 're still excellent and the storyline is a tad confusing but way better than most games . BUY IT . NOW!I also reccomend Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon . : -RRB-
 I bought this game for my 14-year-old daughter , who loves the Nancy Drew series . I found that I also enjoyed it myself . I 'm a pretty smart cookie , and I can usually figure out the end to mystery movies before the end of the film , but even I was challenged by this game ! I would highly recommend it to anyone who loves detective mysteries , especially the Nancy Drew series .
 Arson , theft , noises from nowhere
 I am an adult and love playing the Nancy Drew games ; my teenage daughter likes them ; and 86-year old `` gramma '' even played this one . We all enjoyed this one.It did n't take as long to solve it and it was a bit easier than the others , so it is a perfect choice for someone who has n't played ND games yet.For those of us who are avid ND gamers , it 's an interesting change . You actually have to drive her car ; but the video switches to an aerial view and it works like manipulating a simple video game until you park the car . Then it switches back to normal mode . This really takes some skill to stay out of the mud puddles and potholes.I would n't say that this one was my favorite of all the ND games ; but it was FUN .
 I really enjoyed this one . It was n't so difficult that I had to go on-line to the forum to get spoilers in order to figure out the riddles or problems . At the same time , it was n't too easy so I still had to use my brain . Since I did n't have too many problems I wished it had lasted longer . I like games that last long , but not because a particular problem or riddle takes hours to solve . I highly recommend this game .
 Nancy Drew turns 75 this year , and she 's still got her youthful sense of sleuthing ... in fact , she 's as keen as when she first came out in 1930 . In honour of Nancy 's 75th birthday , Her Interactive has set Nancy 's newest mystery `` Secret of the Old Clock '' in 1930s America before the start of the depression . Nancy drives a sporty blue roadster , listens to jazz records , and talks nervously of the possible Depression , while using expressions such as `` keen , '' `` horsefeathers '' and `` the bee 's knees . '' Nancy 's first mystery -LRB- based on her first two books Secret of the Old Clock and Mystery at Lilac Inn -RRB- finds her investigating mysterious happenings at the Lilac Inn . The inn is run by seventeen-year-old orphaned Emily , whose mother died recently , and her guardian Jane Willoughby , but Emily has asked Nancy to come help her . It turns out that she 's been hearing things , and various `` accidents '' have occurred . The plot quickly thickens , leaving Nancy to puzzle out an eccentric millionaire and a forged will that has high stakes for all involved
 I GOT THIS GAME ABOUT 3 MONTHS AGO.I WAS SO EXITED WHEN I GOT IT BUT IT WASNT EXACTLY WHAT I ECSPECTED . I HAD TO CONSTANTLY LOOK AT A STRATEGY GUIDE WICH REALLY GOT ON MY NERVES BECAUSE I DONT LIKE TO CHEAT.IT MAY ALSO BE THAT I AM NEW AT THESE GAMES . I HAVE SECRET OF SHADOW RANCH , BLACKMORE MANOR AND I NOW HAVE SECRET OF THE OLD CLOCK.I AM A LITTLE RAW AT THESE GAMES SO IT MAY BE THAT.THE PROBLEM WAS THAT I KEPT ON SAYING ITS TO HARD BUT I CANT PUT IT DOWN ! SO WHEN YOU GET THIS DONT ECSPECT EVERYTHING THAT YOU READ . BUT IF YOU ARE ADVANCED AT THIS GAME YOU MAY WANT TO GET . BUT DONT LET THIS REVIEW STOP YOU YOU MAY THINK BIFFRENTLY BUT PLEASE DO NOT ECSPECT EVERYTHING .
 My daughter loves the Nancy Drew games .
 This game was unbeleivible . From finding a treasure to riding a horse , this game is for all Nancy Drew fans , old or young , adventurous or not . It was long , hard but so fun ! There are cool features that make you feel as if you are in the game . There are many puzzles , but all very interesting and fun ! I 'd say this game was pretty hard , it takes a lot of brains to figure out the puzzles , but alot are just trial and error . Do n't forget , you can always go to the Herinteractive website for hints and tips!I 'll start off with the history . It was so incredible ! You get to read clues a man hid for his love 2 centuries ago to find his ` treasure ' ! His tale is sad , but his clues are fun to follow ! His clues take you everywhere , from a ghost town , to a rocky cliff , to a simple desert path ! You also get to play a few games and do puzzles to get his next clue.The setting was amazing , I actually thought I was in the desert ! You get to snoop in a ghost town , a ranch , a shop , and more ! Great graphics , I 'd say even better then the ones in Curse Of Blackmoore Manor and Secret Of The Old Clock ! -LRB- The 2 Nancy Drew games made after this one . -RRB- Overall , this game is a must have ! It 's definately my favourite ! There are many cool things you vcan do , like ` ride a horse and hunt for arrowheads . This game is a bit scary , but only at the ghost town . -LRB- No , there are no ghosts ! -RRB- The ending was especially fun ! So , in the end , get this game ! It 's totaly worth the cost and wait .
 Great Game !
 I know before I got the game , so I hope that this is a good review for those of you who want to read it.Characters
 OMG how can u think the music is dull ??????????? Its some of my favorite music for the games . It 's lively . You might not like it but it 's definatley not dull ! Why would you have scary music in a friendly scene ???? This game is not scary !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 THIS NANCY DREW WAS FUN , THERE WERE TONS OF PUZZLES THAT REALY MADE ME THINK.MY FAVORITE PART WAS WHEN WE FIGURED OUT THE MIRORS AND IT MADE NEAT THINGS HAPPEN . I FOUND THIS GAME TO BE NOT AS DIFFICULT AS SOME OF THE OTHER NANCY DREW GAMES , BUT IT MADE ME THINK BECAUSE IT HAD LOTS OF PUZZLES .
 I am 13 and I love the Nancy Drew games . I have played Message in a Haunted Mansion , Treasure in a Royal Tower , The Final Scene , and this one , The Secret of the Old Clock . This is one of the more recent games , and also one of the most fun . It has great graphics , a challenging and intriguing plot , and a surprise ending . You are allowed to actually take your car and drive around town to run errands , a new feature , which was probably one of the most enjoyable attributes of the game.Overall , in my opinion this is not the very best Nancy Drew game I 've ever played , -LRB- that honor probably goes to Treasure in a Royal Tower -RRB- , but a lot of fun all the same . Do n't hesitate to buy this game . Like my title says , this game will not disappoint you .
 LOVED the old music ! Game shifts between first-person view to car-like video game ! Easily solved the game -LRB- I am not the brightest video game player -RRB- . My favorite ND game !
 I gave this game to my 14 year old granddaughter because she has all the other games and all the N.Drew books , old and new . I am afraid that she has become too technologically sophisticated for your games . She finished it in one day ! I wish that you had different levels of difficulty for older girls . She loves mysteries and loves to solve them . I still have n't figured it out . I love mysteries too .
 This is my favorite so far of all the Nancy Drew games . The visuals are great , the puzzles were fun and challenging . Excellent gaming !
 Placed in the early 1900s , you , as Nancy Drew , must discover why a young girl is constantly hearing things that are seemingly not there . Go around town in Nancy 's car , and deliver mail , go fishing , sort pies , play golf , and solve the mystery surrounding a friend 's bed & breakfast .
 I love this game!It is so easy but fun!It is a gooooooooooooooooooooooood game for people who are really challenging but like Her Interactive games.You would love this game sooooooooooooooooooooooooo much!I is the easiest Nancy Drew game i have ever played .
 The Nancy Drew computer games are a lot of fun , although they all follow the same basic formula
 OK , I thought `` The Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon '' was a quick play . I went through this title in record time , I think , but it still has a lot to recommend it . It 's unique because it takes place in the 1930 's , and is supposed to be Nancy 's first outing as a detective . It had some good music -LRB- if you like that type of music -RRB- , and it was fun to drive Nancy 's roadster around town , fishtailing around corners and such . I also thought the concept of Nancy having to earn money was a good thing for kids to experience . That aspect was executed much better than in `` Kapu Cave '' . Beyond that , there is not much challenge here , either in the puzzles or games-of-skill . I 'm a lot older than the target player for this game , so I already knew the 1930 's slang that Nancy has to learn to solve a couple of puzzles , and I know how to fish for largemouth bass , too , so I was able to knock that task out without first finding the hints.Although this was a short game , I still enjoyed it quite a bit , and I recommend it to Nancy Drew fans .
 alittle hard to get interested , but is fun when you get into the golf course and start solving puzzles.The driving part was a little tedious .
 The Secret of the Old Clock is based on the very first Nancy Drew book , by the same name . As a result , the game itself is set in the 1930 's , so no cellphone or computer for Nancy this time ! However you do have Nancy 's cool car , and can drive around town in it . The game starts off with Nancy visiting her friend Emily , whose mother owned Liliac Inn . Her mother has passed away , and Emily is left in the care of her mother 's friend . You have to find out what 's going on at the Inn , with all the weird happenings ! There are some fun mini-games to play , and puzzles to work out.I found the game to be very enjoyable , and visually it 's beautiful . The Inn is wonderful to explore , as are the other parts of town ! While it 's a little short the game , it 's very fun to play , and it was great to see Nancy in the past , where she started !
 Pretty good game . Would have taken a lot longer if not for the hints web site . Never did get par on the golf course .
 `` Nancy Drew
 Ok , I played Secret of the Old Clock and finished it in about 3-4 days with the help of my friend , we are both 13 and have played several ND games together in the past , I 'm not really sure how to make a review but overall the game was great , the graphics were amazing as always and there were several puzzles that stumped my friend and I , but not to the point of having it be annoying , I did n't have to look up cheats at all and the plot of the game was good . I also would like to point out that , the pictures below the cover on the sales page are not in that game , the last one is included in the game , but other than the one that shows the back cover of the CD-Rom case is true also . Overall I give this game 5 stars because I had alot of fun playing it , and it was even more fun to play with a friend .
 I 'm a big fan of Nancy Drew games , and The Secret of the Old Clock is a bit different from some of others . This is the only Nancy Drew game that takes place in the past - in the 1930s . It 's also probably the easiest of the Nancy Drew games I 've played . Nancy undertakes to help her orphaned friend Emily , who has inherited her mother 's inn , and fallen into a deep state of melancholy . The inn has been experiencing strange accidents , and it 's up to Nancy to figure them out . The puzzles in this game were a bit easier than the standard Nancy Drew fare . Also , there were n't as many locations to investigate as some other ND games . In particular , there 's very little to do in the inn , and one of the things ND games do so well is to set up spooky , old , searchable houses . That said , the game is still fun , and this is a great ND game to start with , if one is new to the genre .
 This game is a trip into the past to the very first Nancy Drew book . It 's really fun because the game has 1930 's stufff -- ie the cars , etc. . The game has all new puzzles & challenging tasks . This is one of the easier Nancy Drew computer games , and it 's also not as scary as some of the others . Great for beginners and for players with lots of experience with the Nancy Drew games .
 This game is incredibly fun , despite the fact it only took me three hours to beat . It is definantly one of the shorter Nancy Drew 's . Though it may be short in lenght , it is not short in fun . The '30s flair , adds a nice touch to the mystery . Overall , not one of the best , but not the least .
 This game was fun but very short . The puzzles were much easier than The Curse of Blackmoor Manor and I completed this game in a couple of days . I did not find this game as challenging as the previous one but I still enjoyed playing it . My favorite challenges were the golf game and the driving parts . It was really neat that you could drive Nancy 's roadster around town and during the car chase . I would recommend this game for all ages .
 Although this does n't follow the original book , it 's a combination of several stories , it holds the 1930 's flavor . The design of the scenes are appealing and there are enough puzzles throughout the story . I do n't know if this is with all the DVDs , but with this one I had to keep the mouse pointer a half-inch or so in front of the car in order to move it which sometimes proved a bit annoying . In playing it twice , now , I 've discovered that you can solve the clues in a different order and still come to the same conclusion . Nice .
 Its no secret that I 'm not a fan of point clicks . They seem to be harder , in general , on my computer than 3-D action games , which is something I 'll never understand -LRB- unless it has to do with the copy-protection software -RRB- . I 've played through three or four of the Drew games . `` Secret of the Old Clock '' was the most fun for me.I liked the golf game , and the sewing project ... I actually was proud when I finished the sewing side quest . I liked driving around in the car . In retrospect its analogous to guiding a magnet through a maze . I had fun none-the-less . I stumbled a little with the CB radio ... that got a little convoluted and bizarre , but I did it.The other games were either too hard or too easy . This one will keep you occupied for a little while ... this one will employ an element of fun.marf
 I really like this game , especially that you get to drive -LSB- having 4 more years before I can even touch a wheel , this is awesome ! :--RRB- -RSB- and that it is set in 1930 -LRB- awesome ! -RRB- , and that you get to use a 1930 payphone -LRB- do n't ask me why I like this , I just do . Maybe because you do n't have to dial numbers ? YAY ! -RRB- , and that you can talk to Nancy 's dad -LRB- first time ever ! -RRB- and that in my opinion , Bess and George are really funny in this one -LRB- and they have `` a nosy busybody '' , as Bess puts it , sharing their phone line -RRB- , and that you get to go fishing -LRB- though it 's not exactly hard . Strange , the fish is in the same place ... EVERY . TIME . -RRB- and that there 's a minature golf course -LRB- which , though sometimes annoying , is actually quite fun overall -RRB- ! Sooo ... what do n't I like ? For one thing , saying the game is based on the book is exagerating . Hello ? The game is nothing like the book . OK , there 's a clock . Oh look , another clock . And - * GASP * - ANOTHER clock ???? As I recall , the book had ONE CLOCK -LRB- that was significant -RRB- in it ! Also , Nancy stays at Lilac Inn in ... the FOURTH book ! Plus about every other change you can think of . -LRB- Guess what ? In the game , the banker , Jim Archer , is about 50 and married , and the president of a bank . In the book , Helen Corning marries Jim Archer . I can tell you this
 Course OverviewThis course series is intended for individuals seeking the fundamental and advanced skills of Microsoft FrontPage 97 . This series will also prepare individuals who are seeking to become a Microsoft FrontPage Expert Specialist.Learn ToSee individual course descriptions for specific course objectives and scope.AudienceThis course series is intended for individuals who want to learn the fundamental and advanced skills of Microsoft FrontPage 97 . Deployment Optionse-LearningAccreditationNASBA credits
 Very pleased with its operation and speed . It is able to run ACI 's appraisal software flawlessly .
 I 've only played the demo but it is -LRB- ... -RRB- It 's great fun ! Especially for people that ca n't have their own horse yet but desperatley wants one ! -LRB- Like me . -RRB- I reccomend this game to all horse lovers . It is the best horse game in the world !!!!
 ... then even a thirty-year-old woman can find much to love in this game ! This is the best equestrian game I have found yet -- lovely graphics , fun competitions , -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- amusing characters , and even a mystery ! It has obviously been designed for a * ahem * younger crowd -LRB- to anyone over 13 , that hunka-hunka broodin ' love Mathieu becomes quite comical -RRB- , but it brought back many happy horsey memories for this player . I especially loved the eventing competitions -LRB- no dressage -- sorry purists -RRB- with all the varied locales and riding on the beach . The mystery was fun too . Here 's a hint for those who are stuck
 I think this game is really great , the graphics are good , but the grooming ! every time you go to a show , you get a new horse to look after them on top of your other horses . Also some horses are better than others , for example , the best ones are the palimino , the dark grey -LRB- these are the last two horses you get -RRB- and Eclair . The challenges are really tricky and I still havent worked out the wheel one and ive had it for a year !
 it is amazing . competion , training , you really get to know how hard a real horse is . you groom your your horse , you feed your horse , you even clean its stall.the adventure and mystery in from chasing a horse theif it is a good game
 I am thoroughly enjoying this game , esp . the competitions . The grooming does get a little old every once in a while , esp . once you have won several horses . I like that the game has 3 levels -LRB- easy , normal , hard -RRB- and that you get different horses to choose from and even different color clothing to choose from when you ride . Practicing is fun , so is galloping on the beach and blasting around the trails . I also like that you can pace your horse during practice and the competitions - he walks , trots , has 4 different canters/gallops and backs up . Like one other reviewer , I am a lot older than most of the people who play this game -LRB- early 40 's -RRB- , but I grew up showing horses and missed being able to do things with horses so I looked for a computer simulation . This game has really met my needs . I bought another game called `` Jump and Ride '' and it is horrible - it takes forever to move from screen to screen , there are no courses and the animation is pretty bad . Just FYI . Now , one more thing
 I 've been looking at this game for some time and finally bought it . I 'm not sorry . I really like the game . I found that my horses have different abilities like some would rather not jump and some are better at the cross country . The area around the farm that you are aloud to ride in is fairly small but then you also have the four coarses you can practice on as well . There is also alittle interactiveness with some characters in the game that makes it a little bit more interesting . I find that having 5 horses to care for is quite difficult and can get a little borring . I can spend 30 minutes just in cleaning stalls and careing for the horses , but if you do n't go to bed -LRB- in the game -RRB- you do n't have to clean the stalls all the time , but if you want to compete in competetions then you need to go to bed to make the time pass . -LRB- a rock and a hard place -RRB- . My horses seem to be getting sick frequetly and I 'm not sure why at this piont . This is upsetting because you can not ride when the horse is sick.Over all this game has been quite fun . I do n't have a horse and probably wont beable to get one so this is fitting the bill for the moment . I recommend this game to horse lovers .
 At first , this game was confusing . The hoof picking really confused me . The trick to hoof picking is to NOT clean in all spaces that look dirty . Only pick the right side of the hoof and try not to get the top . The mystery was hard to solve , I had to chase a crazy person on horseback five times before I could follow him without being seen and it was kind of frustrating . I got to do lots of competitions , but winning more horses meant more chores . Talking to the people was fun -LRB- except Garance -RRB- . I LOVED this game and I recommend it to anyone who is patient and loves horses !
 I got this game and loved it at first . I especially liked the first horse because he looked like my horse . I will admit however that the grooming and taking care of the horses when you got more than three got very tedious . At the end , I gave up on taking care of them except for the ones that I actually rode . The night rider , if you simply follow him at the first or second canter speed you chould be able to do it very easily . The code for the wheel at the end has to do with the books with all the writting on them -LRB- there are 7 -RRB- and the cards you find in the bedroom of the beach house . The competitions get a little frustrating if you fail them and end up repeating them more than twice , but overall they are very cool . My favorites were the African Gold Cup cross-country course and the Urban World Cup cross-country and show jumping courses . If you like horse simulation games and a little bit of mystery , you will probably like this game .
 This game is very fun . I recomend it to kids inbetween the age of 8-16 !!! It is awsome !!! U can groom and care for your own horse and ride on tonz of trails and courses . The game is based on the treasure that U find in the end . I have not found that tresure yet , but ca n't wait 2 . It is very hard 2 find the tresure . This game has no cheat codes . I loved this game and U better get it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i am 15 years old and i am crazy for horses ! This game is GREAT and it really teachs you about horses and you get to do compitions and the software works perfectly fine for me . The jumping courses are fun , and controlling the horse is easy . But you need practice and soon you get it . I recommened this game to anyhorse lover and its great fun . the game is well designed and really really fun : -RRB-
 go over any course 15 times with no penalties and your horse 's experience bar will be at the very top .
 This game is the Best !!!! i love it because it is just like taking care of your own horse . grooming can be a annoyning but i sitll love it . doing the hooves takes like forever but thats okay . i love riding in competitions and taking care of the horse . the best horses are the two last ones you get . the horses are better in the competitons . im stuck on the wheel part and ive had the the game for about 3 months . if you buy this game you wo n't regret it !!!!
 This game is great ! It lasts a really long time when you follow the story line and you get to train , compete and care for your horse while taking on challenges from other gamepoeple . I thought the graphics were really good and the story line is realistic , it 's not like your given a million dollars for showing your horse!LOL!Any kid would love this game !
 I love this game soooooo much when i first got this game it was hard but then it got really fun hope they come out with more .
 `` Saddle Up , Time to Ride '' is a very fun game . You get to choose from different Horses and such , but into the middle of the game , I guess you could say it gets very demanding . You have like 4 Horses and two days to train them . The end of the game makes no since to me whatsoever . It has to do with cards and a theif and once you figure out the code , the game is over . They could of added more becuse I finished the game in 1 day . Good overall .
 i like it . but it has its downs . like not enough challeng . it sucks that you dont even have to try to win . this is a good game but for younger ages it might be funner . oh no the young ones will beat it too but its just another to make them believe they acually won with hard work . well bye
 It is perity boring once you play it alot but it is perity fun.the other thing about it is once you are this close to ending the game it will get so hard you even need a grown up with you . !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a fun game . The girl I gave it to -LRB- age 8 -RRB- thoroughly enjoys all the aspects of this game .
 This game is fun for a while but then gets boring . I like the graphics , but the girl walks to slow . There is different things to do every day . The Competitions are fun and get more challenging each time I play . At the end after you have gotten all of the horses , it gets boring taking care of them . Finding the code at the end of the game is very hard .
 good game , but some people are saying in their reviews that they cant pick out the hooves.What do you do in real life , class?YOU GO UP AND DOWN !! SAME IN THE GAME !!! It gets anoyying though , because if you dont take care of a horse , it gets sick.The wheel thing is hard , my friend who i loaned it to cant even get past it !!! Pretty good game , though .
 WOW ! I love it ! Only one thing bothers me , though
 My daughter loves horses and loves to play this game . It is a game that you can play over and over again .
 This is a really fun horse game . You join a horse riding team at a farm and train , go to competitions , groom , wash , feed , etc , . You get a new horse after every competition and name it except for your first horse who 's already named , and you get to do lots of other things too . For example , you can love a mystery . Here are some hints . Hope they can help . They might not be in the right order : Hint # 1 For some reason I had trouble finding the Ace of Spades course . To find it , look for it when you leave the stable to the right . There is the sign . When you 've jumped over the second fallen tree there should be a boulder to your right , go around it and you should see a sign and path.Hint # 2 The vet is to the left when leaving the stable and to the left of the Jack of Clubs and Queen of Diamonds courses.Hint # 3 To follow the night rider stay a ways away from the horse and just follow him , you do n't have to catch him.Hint # 4 To find Garace , Go to the vet 's . Hint # 5 Findng Akikos horse , go straight ahead to the beach.Hint # 6 To find Cristo , go to the beach and ride as far as you can get to the house , there should appear a green arrow , hit the space bar and your in his house.Hint # 7 -LRB- I had to cheat for this one -RRB- For the wheel code thing , the code is
 This is a great game for horse lovers , better than others we have played . Shipping upgrade to first class by Denton Quality Books meant we did not have to pay extra for priority mail - thanks !
 This is a cool game I beat it , it does really good but the ending is sorta lame but still I enjoyed it , now that I have beat it twice im looking for something new but its hard to find a good horse game !
 Oh My God !!! So much fun !!! ITS GREAT !!! Its hard enough to keep you playing but not so hard that its frustrating . I especially recommend the Adventure Mode . I love it because you get to ride feed groom and even bathe your own horseat the same time as solving a mystery.I would rate it for all ages . Especially if your like me and you love horses !! So , if your looking for a game to buy , buy ths one !!!!!
 Great game , fun story -LRB- though ending was abrupt -RRB- . I enjoyed it a lot . It would have been nice to have trails to ride through though .
 I love this game ! It is soooo cool ! Right now I have 5 horses , 2 I 'm borrowing and 3 I own . I ca n't get past this one competition though . I get so mad but I 'm never going to give up ! If your not sure to get this game , well I really hope this helps you decide because this game rules ! The only thing I do n't like is that you ca n't chose your horses , just name them ! The first time I got it , I was n't sure how to clean out the stall ! If you have this game and are not sure how to do this , you must pick up all the poo and dirty straw , then a hay bale will pop up , you just get the clean straw from it by pressing it and holding it down . Then spread it around ! I 'm telling you , this game so rocks ! Oh and when you get to barrow the 2 horses , they already have names !! You people who do n't have this , well , you better get it if your horse-crazy like me !!! I personaly think this game is a lot better than Let 's Ride : Champions Collection ! Trust me , it is !!!
 Saddle Up is lots of fun . It 's kind of sad that you ca n't keep on taking care of the horses after you finished Adventure like me . At least you can still ride in shows but the funny guy who talks in the back is n't there :-LRB- The wheel thing is really hard but here 's the code because I could n't solve it and had to cheat ! DO N'T READ THIS IF YOU DO N'T WANT THE GAME TO BE SPOILED ! 7 clovers ,4 heart ,9 diamond , 10 heart ,10 spades , 2 clover and 7 diamonds . I got it now thanks to cheat.com and the people who post ! ;-RRB- . The ending was really STUPID . Lucy -LRB- you -RRB- just reaches in and pulls out an ugly necklace . Then you 're done ! Graphics are the best I 've seen . This game is better than all the other games I have
 * Hey there , this game is great ! Graphics are awesome even though at the last competition the graphics werent the best ... it might be my computer ... haha . Well i really liked this game since it gave me so much to do , and the whle mystery thing was great ! I loved exploring everywhere , adn everything ... even though i am 14-yrs old , i still enjoyed this game a lot!The wheel challenege took me a while to figure out . IF YOU DO NOT WANT THE GAME TO BE SPOILED , DO NOT READ THIS PART ... The trick to the wheel is simple ... on every book/metal thing , there are 2 numbers and a title/name . The first number is the order in which they are put in the wheel thingy ... and the second number is the number under the shape on the wheel ... like 10 of clubs or 4 of hearts , you know . and the tricky part is the name , copy down the title/name and when you get to Christo 's house , there is a hand ... of cards , on his bed . There are names on the cards , match those and the shapes on the cards up with the names you copied down and presto ! you have your code ... i think you know the rest of it ... I hope this has been helpful to the gamers ... bottom line ? This is an awesome game and you will NOT waste your money on this ... * hint , hint * its $ 9.99 at Target ! LoL l8r *
 My daughter got this for her 9th birthday . This game was so frustrating when we first got it loaded because I could n't figure out how to get the required steps done . The website was useless . Luckily persistent 9 yr olds can figure out games , and once I knew what to do I loved the game . I used to ride in Horse Trials when I was young and have gotten too old and fat to jump anymore in real life , so this game let me relive some wonderful memories.This game has three difficulty settings -LRB- easy , normal , hard -RRB- . We set it on Easy , though I eventually tried Hard which was really challenging , mostly because I had to learn the courses without the hints.The ending was a let down -LRB- okay , STUPID -RRB- , and also I never would have figured out all the right card suits from the hints in the game , I think `` clubs '' must have a different name in France . But I found the answer by searching the web -LRB- lots of other frustrated people out there who could n't figure it out -RRB- . To keep horses from getting sick , you have to feed once a day -LRB- neither less nor more often -RRB- , and when you clean the hooves you have to not touch the `` frog '' of the hoof . I found that just cleaning at the toe of the hoof was fast and safe.The only things I did n't like was that it takes a minimum of 36 brush strokes -LRB- in the right places -RRB- to get a horse clean -LRB- if you ride a dirty horse , or go to sleep without cleaning it , they get sick -RRB- , and 26 clicks to clean a stall -LRB- so horse wo n't get sick -RRB- , and after accumulating multiple horses that gets hard on a person 's mouse-hand . There are two horses you do n't have to clean -LRB- or feed -RRB- them or their stall everyday -LRB- only need to brush after you ride one of those , because they belong to other characters in the game -RRB- , but one of the later competitions requires that all the horses have been trained , so you ca n't afford to let any of your horses stay dirty/unfed/etc and get sick . Luckily for me , my daughter had a hard time getting through each level so she was willing to clean my horses so I could keep discovering the next challenge.Overall I loved the game .
 I love this game . It is fun as well as challenging . The part I do n't like about it , though is the grooming.It takes like an hour just to pick a hoof , and you keep getting more horses to groom throughout the game ! You have to ride and care for each and every horse , even if they do n't belong to you ! In some competitions , you have to ride you 're `` friends ' '' horses instead of your own . -LRB- Your horses are a lot better at pacing themselves in the challenges . -RRB- I also do n't like how you can only save the game in your room . But worst of all , is how much grooming is involved EVERY DAY !!! Hose down the horse , brush him , pick his HOOF -LRB- not hooves , thank goodness -RRB- , shoe him , AND clean his stall and take him to the pasture ! All of that is involved before you can go riding!BUT , I loved the graphics . The only problem is if you wander off course , your horse falls into a white area . It is a great game , though . And the courses and competitions are a ton of fun ! The challenges are REALLY CHALLENGING . It takes a while to figure them out , but its fun while doing it . This is an awesome game for horse fans like me . This game shows what its like to own a horse . I think it should be ages 11 and up !
 This is one of the greatest horse PC games I have ever played ! It has the abselote best graphics and the movements of the horses are pretty realistic , except the back up movvement . It is challenging which is the great part and its easy to take care of the horses in the stables unlike in Lets Ride
 I got this game for Christmas and the hooves would n't work ! It was awful ! In the little pamplet thing they have a website that tells you where to go if your having problems . If nothing is falling of your horse 's foot then you are so having a problem ! Also try reloading it on another computer like an older one . This fixed my problem so I could go on with the game . Once you can get it to work this game is the best . I have n't finished it but I still have some things to say.Great things about Saddle upYou can clean and ride your horse everyday !!! Fun fun!You have your own room and computer and bed !! You can show , ride and own horses by solving a mystery!The graphics are the best I 've ever seen !!!! Bad thingsChristobald ? What kind of a name is that and why do all the guys and Garance have hair in their faces ? And who would call a girl Garance?You ca n't save until the chores are done.Mathieu is always telling you what you can and ca n't do and he calls you on your cellphone like 50 times on your first day!So this is a great game and if you LOVE horses you should totally get it !
 Tis game is better than Let 's Ride , equestriad , ridingstar , pony girl , pony girl 2 , it is the best !!!!!!!! the competitions are so fun ! the scenery is beautiful ! this game is well made ! one day i was looking at horse game demos on my computer and this came up and i played it and it was great !!! * HINT * go to a target in a BIG town and you will find it there for just $ 9.99 instead of $ 19.99 plus shipping and handeling . The horses are each very different Hint look on the computer in your room and you can find out what breed you horse is and get the horse with the best endurance ! there are 6 levels in the game . * BIG HINT * to find out the code at the end look at Christobald 's cards they tell which suite in order to choose with your numbers you collected . * HINT2 * to hose your horse down spray the horses legs/shoulders/hips / backlegs/belly wait until they turn as grey as possible and then you will see a white flash . * Hint3 * when akiko & christo & garance challenge you go to akiko first christo second garance third . i highly reccomend this game to horse lovers . GREAT GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
 This is a really cool game even for me and I 'm 16 ! Yea Its sad I know but I wanted a good horse game , I beat the Barbie Riding Game in less than an hour . So I was happy when I still have n't been Saddle Up and ive had it for almost a month!The grooming can be really annoying after a while but its alot like real life . Picking there feet takes like 15 mintues the first time . The challanges are HARD ! I still have n't figured out the wheel challange and its making me very mad !! But I still love it !
 This game is alot of fun . But the horse movments are pretty wierd . taking care of the horses are fun . The competitions are alot of fun , but they are frustrating . But i 'm stuck at where you need to do something with that wheel on the wall . THe one with the book numbers . SOMEBODY PLEASE HELP ME !!! set up a review telling me what to do .
 This game is a really great game , and I play it as often as I can . It can be a bit confusing when first starting out , but I soon got the hang of it . It 's really fun , and there are lots of things to do in this game . It 's a great game if you do n't want to be riding all the time . I 'm horse-crazy and I 'm very focused on the quality of the graphics , and although they are n't the greatest , they 're definitley better than alot of horse games . And the best part is , there 's no dressage !
 The game was awesome . I loved the competitions and getting new horses.I CA N'T FIGURE OUT HOW WHAT THE CODE IS ON THE WALL FOR THE TREASURE THING ! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! IT 'S SO ANNOYING
 Just got this game for my 8-year old daughter . It was very frustrating at first as we could not get some of the functions to work properly . I called tech support and found out that you must have a free-standing graphics card in your system in order for it to work properly ! -LRB- The integrated Intel graphics chip will not work -RRB- . Since installing a graphics card -LRB- $ 35 from Amazon -RRB- , it works great and my daughter loves it ! Just check your computer system first before buying it , otherwise you may find it frustrating . The game itself is fantastic !
 This game is excellent , and really enjoyable . However i am having problems completing the section which has the wheel in . Can anyone give me any helpThanksAmy
 I was looking for some software to help a friend who is not a PC expert send photos by email . I found a review in the Wall Street Journal by Walter Mossberg that demonstrated this Send Photos could do the job.I checked and found the original version on sale . However , I checked the Novatix web site and found a free download trial version and also an update
 I 'm a mother of two with family out of the state and out of the country , and I 'm so happy to finally have an easy way to share my photos with them . I 'm not real technical and I 'm still able to compose an email with photos -LRB- and comments for each one -RRB- in just a few minutes . The backgrounds -LRB- `` stationery '' themes -RRB- that you can pick from are fun and make me look like I really know what I 'm doing ! My son just got braces and minutes after we got home I sent the grandparents photos with SendPhotos , and they get to see them in their email just the way I sent them ... no attachments to fiddle with ... just fun pictures right in the email .
 I have been using SendPhotos for a few weeks and I am amazed by this software . SendPhotos has made it really enjoyable to share pictures with my family.With this program , you do n't need to be a computer expert , quite the contrary , I think that anybody can create stunning picture emails with it in no time . The best part for me ? Emailing a single picture as an attachment used to create an email that was typically 500kB or more . With SendPhotos I can now send 30 pictures -LRB- yep , I 've done it :-RRB- in a message and still be under 500kB . That makes it so much faster to send or receive pictures . And the recipients of my emails do n't need to install any special software to see the photos.Highly recommended .
 It 's a Great program but 3 days after I downloaded it , it has disapeared from my hard drive . How do I download it again . I paid for it with Visa card . Who do I contact to get some help.Please E MAIL TO &lt;ian.anderson@gowebway.com&gt;
 I 've used SendPhotos for several years now and have found it the easiest program to use if you want to jazz up your e-mails . I was disappointed when I bought the first version of it because there were so few stationery choices , even on the Novatix web site where , at that time , you could download more stationery at no cost . Then I upgraded to the Gold version , which did get me a few more stationery choices , but still a limited number -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- -- but at that time , I think I paid only $ 9.95 for the upgrade , a fair price for what I got . The free stationery offer for SendPhoto users has disappeared ; now you have to upgrade to get more stationery -LRB- $ 29.95 , I think -RRB- . Even so , if you want a good selection of themes , etc. , you need the additional `` Theme Pack '' CD which has another 100 stationery choices . Here 's where my only complaint comes in
 Send Photos is the coolest product and it 's so easy to use . I emailed photos of my kids to my parents using this product and it was a big hit ! My parents can look at all the photos without having to open each file attachment -LRB- I emailed 8 photos -RRB- . All the photos are displayed in the body of the email . The other products are too hard to use and expensive .
 I need to begin this review with an important disclaimer
 CONCLUSIONEven an in-depth review can only scratch the surface of this incredible piece of software . Especially when looked at it from the perspective of creating DUB , and after establishing the endless technical possibilities , it can be said without apology that Reason 3.0 is what the computer based DUB producer of today is waiting for.While you are producing your music , you 're already dealing with the sounds and the effects . You 're building your tune on the vibe rather then your technical insight . This means , your final product will simply be the climax of your own experience . Reason definitely takes the boring school vibe out of computer based DUB production . Making the riddim and dubbing it will be the methods of which you will be educating yourself.Propellerhead Software knows very well , that producing music is an esthetic experience . Professionalism does n't show in the amount of knowledge you managed to memorize . Making music is not the same as making cookies . Professionalism consists out of the ability to produce music that others will enjoy.The technical know-how comes as a natural fact , when you are developing yourself in the good way . You start to see the need for a compressor , for example , because you constantly think about ways of making a fatter bass . Technical books filled with formula 's that only trigger your school-trauma 's become interesting , because you know what you want to reach . And all these things come naturally in an environment such as created by the developers of Reason.The requirements are remarkably low for the high quality ; the price is remarkably low for a complete studio with sequencer . The sounds are professional and because of the very large online community of Reason users , your collection is only bound to grow . Reason even reads open standards such as WAV and SF2 , opening the door to other communities too.Releasing your music is easy , too . Reason will write your final product as a wave file , enabling you to use other software for further processing of the mix . Reason does have an internal mastering section , so the other software could in principal be limited to an MP3 encoder or CD burner.There are only a few reasons not to get the software.The first one may be , that you already own a big studio with musicians and digital devices . The second one may be , that you 're not interested in creating DUB . The third one can only be , that you already own it.Full 27 page review on http://reviews.dubroom.org/various0002full.htm -LRB- including soundclips -RRB-
 My experience with antivirus software is , let 's say , diverse . I have tried from Norton to McAfee and even the freebie Avast ! and I can say the best one I 've seen so far is this little engine that could from Spain . Norton is a resource hog , it drains away so much RAM it makes your computer useless . Compared to that , Panda uses few RAM and your system does not sacrifice much resources . Titanium was designed to be as simple as it can be for the regular user , and it is marvelous on that department . You wo n't get caught up in undecipherable computer mumbo jumbo . . in plain and simple English -LRB- or Spanish , your choice -RRB- you 'll be able to scan your systemn and see how it vulnerable it is to online threats . Its update system is the best and most comprehensive out there , and it sends DAILY files with new virus information to systems , compared to the bi-weekly or when-the-latest-major-crisis-comes-out updates from Norton . Give it a try and you wo n't be sorry .
 I 've been using Norton for many years , thinking since it was the most popular it was the best . But it is n't , actually , its one of the worst . So I spent much time researching various antiviruses and tried quite a few , including McAfee , Kaspersky , NOD32 , Trend Micro Internet Security and Panda . Trend Micro 's antivirus is also very good , especially with the bundled firewall and some other extra features.I had tried Panda awhile back but it crashed my system so I made up my mind to never use it again . But this was a different system , OS and antivirus version , so after noticing a few good reviews I just decided to try it.Pros1 -RRB- Consumes very little system resources compared to other progs , especially when scanning .2 -RRB- Very good scan speed , much faster than any other I 've tried .3 -RRB- Actually detects AND disinfects the viruses it finds .4 -RRB- Easy to use .5 -RRB- Nice user interface .6 -RRB- Scans for various other infections such as hackertools and jokes.ConsHaven ' t found any.I do warn you however , I 've heard quite a few reports of this crashing systems and doing other unwanted things to peoples systems , so try it at your own risk . For me it worked perfectly .
 Here is the scenario . I had been having some serious quality issues with McAfee 's Internet Security 5.0 . Everytime it was updating my virus definitions - it was crashing my PC . In fact , even after reformatting the hard drive - I still had still a problem . I had decided to replace McAfee with its biggest competitor - Norton AntiVirus 2004 . I had other firewall and security solutions that worked for me , so I did n't need a full Internet Security Suite . As I am going to pay for the Norton software , the salesperson informs me of Panda 's Antivirus Titanium Solution . He was raving about it . I was n't too thrilled about going with Norton to begin with , so I figured - why not give it a try ? I made the purchase and the rest was history . This is by far the best anti-virus solution I have seen today . McAfee and Norton need to take notice - there is a new player in town with Panda Software and they should take notice.Panda 's Virus Solution is a subscription-based service . When you purchase the software you get one year 's worth of virus definitions . There is an activation step as part of the registration process . Basically as part of the step , you will setup an account with Panda . They will in turn give you a userid and password that will be used in your software . This userid and password will then give you access to your subscription for the next year . If you do n't register and activate , you will only have limited use of the software . They only let you activate once , so once you setup your account - you are locked into your subscription -LRB- i.e. you can reformat your hard-drive , it wo n't matter -RRB- . This is fine with me , and I applaud Panda for their anti-piracy policies.Panda 's AntiVirus Solution has a very enticing GUI . In your system tray , the icon is - a panda bear -LRB- naturally -RRB- . When you open the console , it is a simple GUI to navigate . I had little problem finding what I needed to do - whether it was a System Scan , Adminstrative Task , or Update My Virus Definitions . Panda recommends setting the automatic protection settings to be enabled to give you the best security . This will allow you to receive automated updates . I have found enabling this has been a real benefit thus far.When you boot your system , Panda performs a `` Self-Diagnosis '' to be sure the system is properly protected -LRB- i.e. latest virus updates -RRB- . A pop-up window -LRB- GUI based , not browser based -RRB- will be displayed each time you boot your system . I have found this to be extremely helpful and non-intrusive . It gives me peace of mind to know that the software is working right . When I had installed Panda , I had my userid and password inproperly configured and this helped me realize that by telling me I was n't getting the latest virus updates . A pop-up will also inform you when the Anti-Virus definitions have been updated . Again , this was non-intrusive . In terms of the functionality of the software - again this has been terrific . The two main functions I look for with Anti-Virus Software are
 Let 's face it . One person 's anecdote about having problems or not having problems with an antivirus program is not evidence of its quality . I work in a software store and we usually try and recommend Panda to customers simply because we use it personally AND in-store and it works great . No problems . Not only that , but we have n't had any complaints about Panda other then some installation problems on older operating systems.Norton Systemworks and Antivirus are still somehow , inexplicably , popular with consumers -LRB- along with the horrible Zone Alarm -RRB- . I have no idea why , it 's generally a system hog and mostly redundant and sometimes ineffective . I used Norton SW for a few years and it always seemed to tell me ` hey , I found a virus ! But I ca n't do anything about it ! Sorry ! ' Great , what did I buy you for ?! The most serious problem with Norton is , as I mentioned , the fact that it slows your computer down dramatically , mostly with features that you do n't want or need , or that are already available in Windows.Panda follows the rules of good design by bypassing all the stupid `` features '' that other companies keep dumping on their programs every year to justify releasing a new version . Instead , Panda is intuitive , simple and does what it does very well.Most importantly , it uses very little system resources . You do n't even notice it 's running most of the time . It scans very quickly and you can still run other programs at -LRB- what seems like -RRB- full capacity while you do so . THe other main benefit of Panda is that as soon as they discover a new virus definition , they give it to you instantly . THey do n't wait for your ` scheduled update ' which could be too late ! These are the two biggest reasons why I recommend Panda.The graphic interface also looks much nicer . Admit it , the way it looks does matter , you have to look at it everyday.I use the firewall included with Windows XP , Panda antivirus and THAT 'S IT . I have not had even the smallest problem with my computer , it runs flawlessly.Of course , I do n't use File Transfer programs to steal data so that could be a big factor .
 This is really great antivirus software . I switched to this after Norton let the W32.Blaster worm into my system . Nortons automated updates ... maybe a couple times a week . . at best were to slow to help me . Panda updates at least daily and often several times as new definitions are defined . It also does not slow down the system as much as Norton did . Norton needes to redesign their software as they can not compete with this great antivirus software .
 the reviews below are accurate . Fast , low demand on computer , unmatched update policy , transparent interface . Panda Titanium is the class of this field . ****** Ok , a few added notes based on longer experience
 Bottom line , I bought the product to transfer my old phone info to my new Samsung I received this Christmas . The information transfer went great , but more importantly , today my phone was totally destroyed and I was really depressed because I lost my phone and all of my numbers and pictures . Then I remembered I had the info backed up on my PC and I just successfully transfered my info to my replacement phone . WHEW !!! what a life saver !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 you really need this item ! You wo n't regret it .
 I have so much fun playing with all the functions of this thing . I do n't know how you ca n't be satisfied with it .
 I found this kit well worth the price . It supports most newer model phones . However , the features offered in the product depend on the model of your phone , so find out if your phone support the all the features.Even though the product does n't come with a detailed manual , you can always print it out online . I was able to transfer images and ringtones to my phone without any problems even without detailed instructions because the screens are pretty self explanatory .
 I am not sure what is going wrong with all the `` computer experts '' not being able to get it working , 'cause I 'm not all that good at it and it took less than 15min -- and this was with a Verizon ` factory-brain-dead ' enV3 -LRB- LG VX9200 -RRB- that no other software would crack . I suspect the negative reviewers were trying to use a non-current version . With new phones all the time , and Verizon locking out features that enable us to be independent , it is important to have the latest update before trying to connect the phone .
 I purchased this product because a year ago I lost my cell phone with a 100 plus numbers in it . I lost over half of them because they were only store in the phone . I still have n't recovered all of the numbers yet . I wich I had this program then . The install was easy . It loaded the driver for the cable then another driver for the phone , which makes sense since they are two different devices . I have a Motorola 551 and the software read it with no problems . Even though it was not important to me at first , the ringtone editor is now my favorite feature . I have loaded many MP3s to my phone , using the Melody Transfer option . I did have to use a different program -LRB- Audacity -RRB- to reduce the length of the song down to a 30 to 40 second clip . I found that a full song uses a lot of the phone 's memory . ALso , the image editor made it easy for me to download the pictures from the phone . I was trying to use the DataConnect part of the program , then I found that with Cingular , I would have to pay for their DataConnect service which is an additional fee , something like $ 20 - $ 80 per month . Cingular 's sytem does n't let their subscribers log into other ISPs , like Earthlink . When I check more more into this feature , Verizon and T-Mobile services does . The Calandar featured worked fine with my Outlook . I can see myself using it when I travel and I want to put my flight information on the phone . All in all , I like the program and I wished I had it before I lost my phone last year .
 With all the negative reviews , I ordered with trepedation . But everything worked out fine.I had no problem with ordering or order delivery . -LRB- They could have shipped a day earlier , but no big deal . -RRB- I used it to pull the phone data off my Motorola Timeport 270c . -LRB- Yes , it 's an old phone , but , hey , back in the day it was way before its time . -RRB- That worked without a hitch.Then came the job of merging with the data on my LG VX5300 -LRB- brand new phone , only one I 've seen with both bluetooth and AMPS -RRB- . Using the USB interface , I pulled a few numbers off the VX5300 into a new phonebook , did some copy/paste to move the old numbers I cared about into the new phonebook . Then I trasferred this new phone book back to the LG . I was concerned about losing some of the info that DataPilot does not sync -LRB- e.g. `` group '' -RRB- in a read/modify/write sort of operation , but that was n't a problem.I also used DataPilot to pull data out of my Outlook calendar and write it to the VX5300 . That works okay . I 'd prefer a smart hotsync operation that would allow merging of different calendar data from the Phone and Outlook , but DataPilot is not that smart . It pretty much wants to overwrite whatever 's in the phone . So , if I 've entered events on the phone , I need to manually merge these into my Outlook calendar . -LRB- Also , the phone does n't have any place to story the `` body '' of the meeting message , so I 'm going to have to cram more info into meeting titles . But that 's a limitation of the VX5300 . -RRB- I have n't tried the Bluetooth adapeter yet . The USB adapter charges my VX5300 , so that may be the primary mode of connection for me.I have n't tried internet/modem functionality.Reading pictures worked fine.I have n't tried ringtone functionality.Overall
 Despite other reviews , I still wanted to give the Datapilot a try . I have used it for a Sanyo , Nokia , and Motorola RZR and all worked fine in copying the phone book . It was sometimes tricky to get it to recognize the phone , but it always eventually did . Because of the time it took to get the phone recognized , I am giving it a 4 instead of a 5 .
 Each and every Spongebob game has one major thing in common . Bikini Bottom . They are all placed there . I 've played them all . And , at first , this game feels nothing more than familiar . However , not to far into the game something new happens . You get to play PLANKTON ! -LRB- This statement is made in relation to the PC version of the game . The console versions may have applied this idea , but i am only a PC gamer . -RRB- This game took the best of the ideas from the past games -LRB- my favorite is Employee Of The Month -RRB- and then integrated an usused idea . You get to play this game from multiple perspectives and play various characters throughout Bikini Bottom while doing it ! So , i believe this ranks up at about number 2 in the series for quality . It mightve made number one and gotten a five star if it were n't for one thing . Certain locales seem to have not been completely debugged . The mouse gets wacky while you 're there and lip-synching gets off in that area too . But , after you leave , the other areas are just fine . I am a pro with my computer . I 'm a 20 year user , and can not determine how to stop this from happenning . But , the game never crashed or lost information . No lock-ups or anything like that . So , it was only a minor irritation . Worth a 1 star drop . Besides that , this is a fun and quite clever game . Enjoy ! HAPPY HALLOWEEN !
 i will tell you 5 reasons why you should get this game and five reason why people say its bad . -LRB- my 2 brothers agree with me -RRB- why is it good ???? 1 . you get 8 chapters with 2 hours of fun in each chapter -LRB- 6 hours if you dont know the answers . -RRB- 2 . each chapter is challenging and you have to use your mind . -LRB- like in chapter 2 or 3 when your in the castle you have to figure out what to do to get inside without the gaurds finding out -RRB- 3 . very good graphics4 . does not follow EVERYTHING of the movie plot line . and thats cool , because you see things you never did in the movie ! 5 . you get to play every character ! -LRB- oh yah , the sound is good too -RRB- why do people hate it ???? 1 . the replay is bad . you would never want to play it again because you know the answers !!! 2 . some plots wont happend untill the next day . so when you think your stuck in the game its not your falt the game is just late with the answers.i give up i cant think of a 3 . so its your choice , i told you everyhting you need to know!now the quastion is ... will you buy this game ????????
 I received this game for Christmas a few years ago and loved it as soon as I started playing it . The game has Granny 3D graphics in it , which make the game look really good . There are eight chapters , each one consisting of a main task to be completed before moving on . There are a lot of different things to click on and/or interact with . The game starts in SpongeBob 's house , where you have to help him get ready for his soon-to-be-crushed dreams of being manager . Throughout the game , you can play as several other characters , which are Plankton , Mindy , and Patrick . The characters ' voices in the game are from the actual SpongeBob SquarePants Movie , which make the game even more fun to play . I 'd recommend this to anyone who loves SpongeBob and the rest of the games .
 My 5 year old son loved this game . My husband and I had to help him solve the puzzles initially but he went back and played the game by himself a number of times . This was our first PC game for our son and I loved that you have to solve the game in order to move on . There are websites to help you but we did n't discover them until after we finished it . We have bought other thq games but I do n't like them nearly as well . Our son 's other favorites are Battle for Bikini Bottom and Scooby Doo 2 Monsters Unleashed . The game can get a little frustrating but it is a rush when you figure out the trick . I can see why you do n't want to play this game repeatedly but it took us four or five days to make it through it once . Well worth $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Contrary to what some of you think , this game does save and it installed perfectly on our computer . We do n't have the latest greatest computer , either . We have a decent one and are running XP . It installed easily and have n't had any major glitches so far.About saving your progress ... no , you ca n't save every tiny bit of progress you make , which is why I only gave 4 stars . The game automatically saves your progress when you complete each subtitled section of each chapter . For instace , `` Scrooge 's Plan '' consists of a few mini games . Successfully complete them all -LRB- the last one , Food Fight , being the hardest -RRB- and your progress is saved . It helps to collect as many coins as possible so you can earn an extra continue , getting you through the more difficult challenges.My 3-year-old really enjoys the game , as do I , a 35-year old . We sometimes sit down together and he hits the shift key -LRB- one of the major playing keys , while I do the arrows -RRB- , although he can actually get through some of the mini games without my help at all . I think this is great choice for any kid or parent who loves the movie .
 Im always amazed at reviews that downplay a game when its not the games fault or the publishers . Yes , this game is going to require newer PC specs , which is good , makes the graphics outstanding ! The requirements are listed and if purchasing for something other than whats listed it goes without saying that problems will occur . The game also does save . You cant manually save , it auto saves when you clear certain areas . No different than half of the games on the market . And no , you can not jump around from level to level . Why would you want to ? This game is based on the movie , your playing a storyline so you must play the levels in order . Thats like jumping from Chapter 1 in a book to the 13th chapter . You would have no idea whats going on.For the kids the goal is to see Santa near the end of the game . Just like Santa only comes on Dec 24th -LRB- not always when the kids want him to , all year long sounds better -RRB- In the game you are rewarded with `` Santa '' near the end when you play the game out as it should be . The game would be pointless and no fun at all if you could simply jump to the middle or end . Some spots in the game are hard , which is also good . This encourages parents to help out and I suggest playing the entire game with your kids . Its fun , rewarding , and great family time during the holidays . Last year I spent 30-60 minutes a night in December playing this with my little girl . We completed the game in 3 weeks and it was time spent that me & her will never forget . Overall the game `` probably '' deserves a 4 star rating but I am giving it a 5 simply because it really does contribute to the holiday season for kids . I believe the publishers designed this one thinking parents would `` want '' to enjoy this game with their kids -LRB- we didnt send them to the movie alone did we ? -RRB- If your looking for a game thats a `` babysitter '' theres plenty of them out there , and I use them for that as well but this is not one of them . Take some time out , relax , and play this one together as a family during the holidays . You will be glad you did .
 Graphics are beautiful and I had no problems installing the game at all . There are plenty of sub levels are mini games . The games vary from racing games and side scrolling platform . I can see how some parts of the movie had to be changed to make a better video game . For example there is a boss battle in the game that has you fighting against a Scrooge doll . Leading up to this battle with Scrooge has you fighting different dolls by having you throw stuffed animals at the dolls . There are several stages of these battles that you have to go through before finally facing Scrooge . If you want to challenge your childrens minds , this is a great game .
 I had no problems installing it & it 's challenging but fun . It 's not a game that my 5 year old could play on her own but with mine and my grandma 's help were almost finshed with the game ! I 'm glad we purchased it even though it did not have good reviews .
 I bought this product a few years ago , and unlike the `` cheesy '' green screen techniques that some video programs have added as an afterthought , ULTRA 2 has professional standards and tweaks that make for excellent green screen productions -LRB- provided your equipment and skills are up to par -RRB- . Without going into paragraphs of extended details ; the difference between ULTRA 2 and typical green screen applications is like a 1st-generation , 900kb Digital Camera Picture compared to a modern 12 Megapixel image of today.The biggest problem right now , is that Apple bought out Serious Magic , and customer support seems to be lacking a bit . I am hopeful that we can work-out the minor problems and I can return to some creative work.If you love playing with green screen and doing professional-level stuff , get this program !
 I was amazed at all the stuff this program found on my computer , things that I thought were long gone or did n't even remember were there . And then , with the click of a button , they 're gone . It made my computer seem so much cleaner , and made me feel safer as it safely and completely removed some sensitive information that I had n't known was even accesible any more .
 Great product . Software identifies all `` deleted '' files and allows for permanent removal from hard drive . Also finds personal information , which otherwise was considered secure . An obsolute must for anyone working with sensitive data . Apparently , MS Windows and security are foreign concepts to each other .
 I purchased SecureClean for my Windows XP SP2 computer , and it found 2,152 files of sensitive data that I had deleted . The scan results were informative and truly eye-opening . I highly recommend this software for anyone who needs to be sure sensitive data is permanently erased . As a bonus , my computer now performs better than it did before the cleaning .
 When I ordered this it was posted as being vista compatible . However it needed a visit to White canyon 's web site to down load a fix before it would run.It 's a very straight forward program that scrubs all the personal data from your day to day windows use , like cookies , edited files names , temporary files etc.It will also let you completely remove files , for good , at various strengths . So , for example , you can delete with 3 over writes for DOD standard removal , or 7 if you are paranoid , or even 12 for spies -LRB- if you have the patience -RRB- . Handy if you are selling your old computer . It will speed up the PC if you let it erase the deleted file names etc. that can clutter up the hard drive.Easy to use and effective .
 This is a great product . For anyone who wants to make sure their personal information is inaccessible and get rid of their extra files without completely removing everything else , SecureClean is perfect . I got it for Christmas , ran it , and now , my computer runs much faster ; I now run it once a week and do n't have to worry about my personal information being retrieved .
 I saw an ad for this product in home office magazine and was curious . Checked out the site . Company is certainly taking a new approach to sales leads , by focusing on the small business at a price nobody else is touching . I bought the product -LRB- the one with 3500 prepaid listings -RRB- and ended up buying more -LRB- about 1500 -RRB- so in hindsight , I would have better off buying the more expensive of the two , and paid a little less per lead ... but nonetheless , I really found it a to be a super tool . The CD basically takes you to their website where you can search for and download data . Very easy to use , and the best part of the process with dealing with customer service . They really seemed to care about the success of my campaign ... helped me pinpoint the exact group of companies I was targetting and even helped me with the direct mail component . Would strongly recommend !
 Love the greyhounds , although my wife didnt like the tv ad with the greyhounds chasing the rabbits . Poor rabbits.Good product .
 Firstly , I was impressed that they were willing to ship to me in the UK.I was looking to target North American accountants , and they had a huge list -LRB- although im pretty sure all list sizes are roughly the same -RRB- . Really enjoyed reading the content that came with -LRB- us british do things differently so i wanted a feel for the NA way -RRB- . Got quite a bit of bites from my campaign and was overall very pleased . Buy it if you are comparing this to any other lead generation software .
 My grandson , Jake , is 51/2 years old and he says it 's great . He mastered all the levels and is very proud of himself . Not only is the CD ROM good , your outside vendor was also great in delivering promptly as promised .
 This game was good but not as terrific as the 1st pajama sam . In Pajama Sam 2 pajama sam is scared of the thunder and lightening so he goes and tries to stop then he ends up tripping and lands on a button then all the weather pieces come off of there places and get lost and thunder and lightening -LRB- 2 characters in the game -RRB- give sam a sheet of the missing pieces -LRB- because if mother nature finds out they 'll get in trouble -RRB- and its sams job to go find them.It is very adventurous and if your child is scared of the dark or likes the dark and loves adventure and likes to talk and socialize with people this is the game for you!About Pajama Sam
 Although my favorite Pajama Sam is `` No need to hide when it 's dark outside '' , this one is also wonderful to develop critical thinking skills . I find that I am captivated while helping my 5 year old explore this game and find clues . I highly recommend it !!
 I bought this game for my daughter Kylie Frances and found it to be another well made product by the Humongous Entertainment people . Kylie is 4yrs . old and can find her way through the storyline with little help from me . The problem solving tasks are perfectly made for her age and are so well animated and humorous that when she does need help , I find myself wanting to play along with her . Kylie and I give this product a 5 star rating and we suggest you give it a try .
 My 7 year old niece loves the pajama sam games ! It has kept her busy for hours . Worth the money .
 This is interactive and educational . It is something you would want to buy and keep for your own children until they are old enough to play it .
 This is an excellent game for my 4 yr old . He loves Pajama Sam and so do I. Filled with fun and politeness ! I received this game in just a few days after ordering and my son and I have played it almost everyday since . Great product and great service !
 When our youngest son was kindergarten age -LRB- now 16 -RRB- , this was his favorite in the Pajama Sam series . It also helped him get over his fear of the thunder and lightning . This was the best computer game we ever purchsed for our son . Now , we are buying them all over again for our 3 y/o granddaughter , but she will have to wait a while to play them . The concepts are a little too difficult for her .
 i ordered this for my son & he received it in a timely manner and enjoyed it really well .
 My children could manage this game from 4 yrs . old and we all had a great time . Pajama Sam 1 is also a lot of fun , along with Freddi the Fish , and Putt Putt .
 My 4 year old daughter has had this program for about a month and absolutely loves the Pajama Sam character - a cute , polite , smart and persistent role model . So , it 's quickly become one of her favorites and she initiates playing it often.Pajama Sam 's educational style is different than some other children 's educational programs . It 's learning how to solve problems through observation , memory , analysis , mental mapping , puzzle solving and trial and error . The scenario is that Pajama Sam needs to help correct out of control weather patterns in the world and to do that has to fix the weather machine . For example , he has to find parts , figure how to make them viable , and install them . But , almost nothing is direct . For example , he must get in the gate of the control center , but can not until he can get past the gatekeeper . Or , he must find a way to open the can of solar energy that he has found before he can use it . Hmmm , how can he do that ? So , it 's 1-step forward , and 2-steps back - like many real problems.Some of these challenges are difficult for a 4 year old , so I think it works best with children of that age if a parent plans on some patient side-by-side time with their child in front of the screen . For example , some of the concepts can be unfamiliar to a 4 year old child , such as what a Wing Nut might be used for in fixing the weather machine . But , if you have the time to spend to coach them through these parts , I think this game is a good complement to other styles of learning . So , my 5-star rating assumes some guidance for children as young as 4 years old . If they will be left completely on their own with it , I think it 's more suitable to an older child.One last point
 First let me say that all of the Pajama Sam games are great . However , this game dragged a little as compared to the other two games . There seemed to be a lot more needless running around to get things . Also , unlike # 1 and # 3 , there was no danger . In # 1 you had the impending meeting with `` Darkness '' , and in number three you have to get the peace delegates together to circumvent a `` food war '' . -LRB- In number two , angry Mother Nature just did n't do it for my kids , 10 and 5 -RRB- . The sense of danger gave games # 1 and # 3 more of a sense of purpose than game # 2 . Sam is a great role model for kids . He 's polite , energenic , helpful and up to a challenge . And everyone in the family loves his sense of humor.I recommend all of the Pajama Sam games . They are all great and any differences are really splitting hairs . However , my kids favorites in order of preference are
 If your child has played beginning level software and is ready to move on to more advanced gameplay , Humongous Entertainment 's Pajama Sam series -LRB- and Freddi Fish and Putt-Putt as well -RRB- are an excellent choice . These titles take the cognitive tasks up a notch as children must accumulate specific items , navigate a number of locations , and use their problem-solving skills to help new friends and achieve larger goals . Along the way , funny and lovable Pajama Sam will meet a number of nice characters , visit a variety of interesting locations and play mini-games as he completes the larger task of helping to fix the interesting and entertaining weather machine . Along the way he will solve a lot o smaller puzzles . Specifics change if you start a new game , and you will want to play with your child a few times before they 'll be able to enjoy it on their own , so each game is good for hours of fun.This is a fine game in a great series . We have all the Pajama Sam titles and enjoy them all .
 My three year old loves pajama sam , I made him a red cape so he could run around being pajama sam.To the game , First you must find sams cape and then you find your way to the attic to face thunder and lightening . Thunder is a very grandmothery figure and lightening is like a dizzy maiden aunt.You accidently press the red switch and have to find and mend all the weather machines before mother nature arrives . You also have to find the missing pieces of the jigsaw you spilt aand put it back together -LRB- there are a number of different jigsaws so you dont know which one you will get -RRB- You have four weather machines to fix and they each have two places to hide , so the game is different each time you play.Every time you fix a piece of the weather machine , thunder and lightening appear and congratulate you so there is plenty of positive reinforcement and encoragement for children to help others.There is also a version of the game ludo , or maybe you know it as trouble , that I find my kids playing quite a lot -LRB- its a pity they couldnt have made it multiplayer -RRB- as only you and the computer can play.Have fun in the greenhouse making apples eggplants bananas and pickles grow on little bushes , you need them sometimes . Or maybe see if there is a pot of gold under the rainbow you make . Kids also learn to follow a recipe , get everything right and you are rewarded with an animation and maybe something you will need later.Overall its a great game with plenty of warm fuzzys .
 My 7-year old autistic daughter loves this , and all the other Pajama Sam games we have . I only have to help her a little bit here and there to get her going , and then she will spend hours or days with this game.In this one in particular -LRB- all 3 Pajama Sam games are great -RRB- , a good feature is that you have to read the phone number , in the control room , in order to use the phone to make an appointment , to see `` Mr. Somebody '' . And the phone number changes , each time you start up the program , so you ca n't just use the same one over and over again .
 My 3 and 1/2 year old loves the movement and many levels of this game ; however , she can not do it alone . After we went through it together -LRB- and it did take quite a bit of time -RRB- she was able to navigate a bit better on her own . There are numbers/codes involved , so I expect the makers of the game knew an adult would have to help out the younger players as well . Imaginative and fun !
 It 's a pretty good game . I even asked Humongous Entertainment if they could base PJ Sam 4 on this , but they ignored my E-mail . Probaly because Artari made it . I think it 's a really good game for kids and I 'm dissapointed that I did n't see any kids reviews . I 'm the first one to write a kid review on this ! Wow ! I 'm not going to tell you the basic plot because practicly every other review mentions it . I really like how you sneak in , because I 'm always making stories where kids are sneaking in places , unalowed . It 's funny how the crowbar is useful so many times . I like the Snowflake Inspector Detector and I wish he was still there when the Snowflake Inspector 's corned by the dust devil , but I did n't get what Pajama Sam ment when he said it reminded him of the villian on Pajama Man . I really love when Y-Pipe gets locked in the locker , but it took me a long time to figure out how you find out a birth date with an apple and it intrests me he 's in Foster Boomdoggle 's locker because it 's the same name on the card he found . I also like the suggestions part when you press # 2 on the phone . Sincerly , Russian Blue Witch .
 One of the first things your kids will notice -LRB- or you yourself , as the game environment is surprisingly addictive and entertaining even for adults -RRB- is the number of hidden geegaws . For example , click on the mailbox and watch different things happen each time.Similar to the old King 's Quest style of adventure game -LRB- but simplified enough for kids as young as 5 or 6 to solve without any parental help -RRB- , all three Pajama Sam games teach basic logic and problem solving , wrapped up in a wonderfully-drawn package . Kooky sounds and chuckle-eliciting animations abound.Once upon a time when I worked in a nameless chain bookstore , we had a half-dozen computer stations where customers could try out demos of various titles ; both kids and adults flocked to the Pajama Sam demo , and the first two installments of the series were our best-selling kids titles by a wide margin.This third adventure -LRB- Sam is afraid of storms and must , in classic sleepwear-clad superhero style , face his fear with comic consequences -RRB- is not as innovative as the first two , but well worth it -- as are most of Humongous ' releases .
 Pajama Sam stars in his second game with a new plot . This time , he 's scared of thunder and lightning . He goes up in the sky to stop them , and accidentally messes up the weather ! He has to find four missing pieces before the weather machines are fixed . With lots of fun mini-games along the way to winning , Pajama Sam learns that maybe thunder and lightning are n't so frightening ! This game should be played with a grownup . Some puzzles are a bit too challenging or complex for kids . Your child may even learn some manners from the talking telephone or the complimentary nuts ! : - -RRB-
 My kids & I really enjoy this logic & problem solving challenge ! Directions could be more clear but overall very good fun ! We look for games with less than obvious educational benefits , we want them to appear fun first to the child and learn without realizing it . The idea of facing very real fears of children is an added bonus for us ! I struggled with things that my kids thought was soo easy , silly me ! Great for the logic thinker in your kids ! We ca n't wait to get PJ 3 !
 Have you shot video and later discovered the hum of an air conditioner or other noise affecting your sound ? As you probably know , audiences will forgive some mistakes in video , but they have a harder time forgiving bad sound . Enter SoundSoap from Bias , Inc. . It 's a $ 99.00 application that will remove hum , hiss , buzz and rumble from your soundtrack -LRB- s -RRB- . If you are using a camcorder , video editing software , audio CD burning software , a digital audio workstation , or other multimedia application , SoundSoap can really help you remove the bad ambient noises.I tried it on a couple of videos . One was my ` talking head ' that I did with my iSight Camera using iMovie . My voice was way too quiet and the sound had a lot of `` static . '' -LRB- I used Peak - also from Bias - to boost my voice . -RRB- The other was some video of my son and his bride dancing their first dance at the wedding reception . There were lots of clinking dishes , extra voices , etc.In both cases , the sound was greatly improved ! SoundSoap simply and quickly did a VERY complex task - analyzing my sound and removing only the offending noise!SoundSoap ships as both a standalone application , and a plug-in compatible with any DirectX or VST host program - including Adobe Premiere , BIAS Peak , Cakewalk 's SONAR , Guitar Tracks Pro , Home Studio , Music Creator , MediaWorks and Pyro 2004 , Sonic Foundry 's Sound Forge and Vegas Video Steinberg 's Nuendo , Cubase SX/SL and Wavelab . SoundSoap 's workspace is simple and uncluttered.It cleverly removes hiss , hum & buzzing , rumble & most other noise , without harming the audio you wish to preserve . SoundSoap has a one-step `` Learn Noise '' button to sample and automatically reduce noise . It also provides manual controls for trickier applications . Like Peak , the standalone version works with any QuickTime-compatible audio or video file -LRB- AVI , DV , . WAV , SDII , AIFF , MP3 , MP4 & dozens more -RRB- . My favorite feature is a `` Preserve Voice '' button that protects the range of the human voice while removing noise -LRB- and other audio -RRB- . The hum removal is optimized for 60 Hertz -LRB- North America , etc. -RRB- or 50 Hertz -LRB- Europe , Australia , etc. -RRB- . You click on a button to choose which one to use . And the `` Noise Only '' mode lets you listen only to the noise being removed , making it easier to fine-tune SoundSoap 's controls.SoundSoap is a great , inexpensive solution to ambient noise problems , particularly those picked up by a camcorder . Get more info at http://www.bias-inc.com .
 Bought this to use with an Ion turntable for digitizing vinyl . Produces amazing sound quality and extremely user-friendly .
 This product works and works well . I purchased it for a job running sound for a film . The film was shot outside and there were MANY sound issues including cicadas , cars , air-conditioners , lawn mowers . Sound soup was able to erase all but the cicadas . The trick is that you need about 2 to 3 seconds of `` silence '' -LRB- with background noise -RRB- for each take so sound soap can analyze and fix the sound issues .
 I found this game very entertaining and very easy to control seeing as it is a 3-D graphic game.The levels get harder -LRB- obviously -RRB- but the good thing is you can go over the levels you have already done to see if you can achieve a higher percentage of coins collected and level completed.The characters are very entertaining and you get help along the way which gives you helpful tips.Another bonus is that you meet butterflies along the way which save the game from that spot so if you die further on you begin again at the point of the butterfly and not at the beginning of the level . You can also save the game as you go along.Hope you enjoy it as much as me -LRB- 30 years old -RRB- and my daugther -LRB- 11 years old -RRB- do , its great fun and well worth the money !!!
 This game is very entertaing though the age on it is wrong . I am 12 years old and I still play this game I ca n't make it pass Trash The Camp level the other levels are plenty simple.I know after I get pass that level comes the maze too the boat . Anyway in my headliner it saids Even Teens Like It . I was n't lieing it is a great disney game if only I knew a sercet way out of the campsite , but unfouantley there is not a way even if I tried I 'll never get past the plate throwin monkey on top of the tent ...
 Wow ! I was n't expecting much from a Disney game , but Tarzan has a lot going for itself . First of all , the graphics are excellent . The fluid animations and the eye-popping backgrounds make this game something to own right away . But the game play is also good . The controls are easy to learn and the game , while challenging , is n't too difficult for younger children . This game should be in your collection !
 For some odd reason I had a compelling need to play this game after I saw several reviews and trailers online . So I tracked it down and paid more than $ ... by far , but I certainly got my enjoyment from it . The graphics looked great on my computer , and the video quality of the clips between levels looked as good as a DVD version . The skill level could be changed from easy to hard , and additional challenges were sometimes added the harder the level of difficulty.The music was almost an exact duplicate of the Tarzan soundtrack , featuring instrumental versions of the songs `` Trashing the Camp , '' `` Son of Man '' and others . The graphics were amazing , especially the backgrounds and waterfall effects . Some dexterity is needed , but younger children should be able to play this game with some help setting up . I used a computer game pad with joystick and it was very easy to control Tarzan/Terk/Jane . There are bonus levels and cutscenes to collect , and the game has definite replay value , especially if your kids love Tarzan . I still have n't managed to beat it on the Hard level yet , so there are hours of gaming pleasure ahead . And at less than $ ... it makes a perfect gift .
 My siblings and I like this game and how it opens each level with a clip from the movie . However , the 13th level is really hard ! We ca n't get past this one guy so we can go get Clayton . = -LRB- Anyway , the rest of the game is fairly easy to play - you 'll like it !
 First - The story is cute . It is not one my son has gotten tired of . He likes the fact that he can click on different places in the screen and different things will happen . That alone is fun.Second - I like the fact that you can push a button and the page will be reread . I also like the fact that there is another button that will highlight some words and explain them a little bit more in depth.Third - My son enjoys the games . I have n't found them to be the most educational games around . However , that is n't why I bought this software . I bought it because my son enjoys Pooh and this is a cute story . The games do require some reasoning skills and are educational . Particularly the one where you have to listen to piglet describe an object and pick it out of a lineup of toys.Fourth - the cute music songs with the words that are highlighted so you can sing a long are a great bonus for my son . He ca n't read yet , but he sure likes to point to the words and watch them get highlighted . It is really a prereading type of skill for him right now -LRB- words mean something , you read from left to right etc. -RRB- Enjoy .
 The `` Children 's Software Revue '' review is factually accurate and I found it very helpful when deciding to purchase a version of this CD-ROM . However , I 'd like to add a comment to this one section of their review : `` Activities include an attribute matching game , in which Piglet gives a verbal clue like ` I 'm looking for something square and made out of wood , ' ... . The activities are generally lacking in educational value '' . Lacking in value ? Even though the phrase is modified by `` generally '' , I think it ignores several ways in which this particular activity is potentially useful for particular children . I 'm not an expert in cognitive development so I wo n't say very much about the deductive processing skills being employed -LRB- providing that the child happens to be at a level where this helps -RRB- . My area is language acquisition , specifically foreign language / second language . For children -LRB- and adults ? -RRB- doing this game in a language that is NOT their native one , the activity has educational value.However , having said that , I wish the clues were repeated more often . If you click on the wrong object , Piglet only says things like `` No , that 's not the one I 'm looking for '' . He does not repeat the clue . If you did n't catch it the first time , you 're out of luck -- you have to click each item until you happen upon the correct answer.Other than this one point , I agree with the `` Children 's Software Revue '' review
 My almost 2 year-old son loves this storybook , and I have to say that even after dozens of play-throughs , I 'm still enjoying finding the surprises . The `` Read and Play '' option allows you to click on objects on each screen , and I 'm still discovering secrets -LRB- like , if you click on certain things multiple times , the action changes -RRB- . My son now remembers his favorite hidden tricks , and I think it 's a very stimulating , interactive game to be playing with him . This is currently the only software program I have for him , and I 'm hoping I can find another of such high quality in case we both get tired of it !
 My two-year-old granddaughter insists we do `` Pooh Bear '' every day . If I sit down at the computer , she climbs in my lap and looks for the CD . She knows it so well now that she knows when you try to skip over a part . Her favorite parts are the toy matching game with Piglet and Gopher 's many appearances . I certainly plan on buying more interactive storybooks . She wo n't watch more than two minutes of TV at a time -LRB- which is not all bad -RRB- , but she 'll sit for an hour and look at this storybook .
 The `` Children 's Software Revue '' review is factually accurate and I found it very helpful when deciding to purchase a version of this CD-ROM . However , I 'd like to add a comment to this one section of their review : `` Activities include an attribute matching game , in which Piglet gives a verbal clue like ` I 'm looking for something square and made out of wood , ' ... . The activities are generally lacking in educational value '' . Lacking in value ? Even though the phrase is modified by `` generally '' , I think it ignores several ways in which this particular activity is potentially useful for particular children . I 'm not an expert in cognitive development so I wo n't say very much about the deductive processing skills being employed -LRB- providing that the child happens to be at a level where this helps -RRB- . My area is language acquisition , specifically foreign language / second language . For children -LRB- and adults ? -RRB- doing this game in a language that is NOT their native one , the activity has educational value.However , having said that , I wish the clues were repeated more often . If you click on the wrong object , Piglet only says things like `` No , that 's not the one I 'm looking for '' . He does not repeat the clue . If you did n't catch it the first time , you 're out of luck -- you have to click each item until you happen upon the correct answer.Other than this one point , I agree with the `` Children 's Software Revue '' review
 I bought this for my daughter in 1995 -LRB- ? -RRB- when she was three . Also bought the Pocahontas Disney story book which was also good.My daughter quickly learned to love reading.I still can not understand how this idea for teaching children to read with a computer is not in the public schools . It would be very simple to have hundred 's of children books available on a computer with the bouncing ball idea where individual words can be heard spoken.Parents should also look for the Thinking Things Computer programs.There is more for children to gain with stand alone computer programs than the internet .
 My 6 year old autistic son loves this computer game . Occasionally he steps on one of his C D 's and breaks them and that is what happened to our original version of this game . He was devastated and did n't understand why it did n't work . I was so thrilled to find it and ordered it immediately . I received it within a few days which was great !
 Fabulous ! My eighteen month old son and I sit down at our computer almost every night before bed to read this story . First , we choose to `` Read and Play '' . Here the story is read page by page at our pace . We click on all of the objects for the sound effects and little surprises . There are songs to sing and games to play . Then we go back and click on `` Read '' and the computer reads the story straight through . My son falls asleep in my arms by the end of the story every time .
 My 21 month old is absolutely in love with this Interactive Book . I can only recommend it .
 The Bug 's Life game is good and appropriate for younger kids . Flik has to find 6 pieces in order to create a contraption with which to get rid of the grass hoppers . In order to get each of the six objects , Flik and you kid have to complete a task -- sort through berries , arrange pictures in order etc. . In addition as the kid plays , she/she can learn about bugs , by clicking on a little camera button.In addition to entertainment , the game also provides tyhe kid with some basic computer skills , which are -LRB- surprise -RRB- necessary today.My only problem with the game is that it is quite repretitive . After a few times , my son got bored.My son really liked it at first , but
 I purchased this game for my 4 year old grandson . He has spent many hours playing the game . Since I am a former preschool teacher , I am please with the many learning skills that are included .
 I recently bought this program for my 21/2 year old . This was his first computer program on his own computer . The game consists of an interactive picture of Pooh 's `` neighborhood '' . You have to select a location that you would like to go to like `` piglet 's house '' . At piglet 's house you complete a painting session where you are to color the picture like shown in the example . If you do it correct you move on to the next picture . When you have completed all of Piglet 's painting Piglet is then able to attend Eore 's birthday party . Then you return to the neighborhood to select another location to visit . Tigger -- a game where you roll over some blue prints of and instrument and it makes a sound , you then have to choose the instrument that makes that specific sound . Each time you roll over the instrument it makes a sound . You select the correct instrument and move it into the music box and drop it in a circle . Once the item is correctly placed a tune is played using the instrument . Roo 's house -- place letters into the alphabet soup . Owl 's house , a matching game that is somewhat challenging . Rabbit 's house -- a numbers game where you select the label with a number on it and move it to the corresponding jar.My son was able to learn the whole program in one session and can now play it on his own . One of the games is a little tough for him because it involves reasoning which he is not capable of yet so I have to help him with that -- which is fine.Overall the game is well done . I am a software tester and it all works properly -- at least at level one.What I did n't like
 This is one of the best preschool software CD 's my son owns . He is 31/2 and can navigate around the program very well . It has different levels for when you master the easier stuff . This is the one he always ask to play first and he is finally learning his ABC 's where before he refused to even talk about letters . Thanks Disney !!
 I received this from my parents for my son thinking that I would just sell it on-line and then I realized it actually worked with our system and it 's been installed since . My son started playing this when he was 3 and he loves going through all of the different houses and doing the multiple tasks and going on to the advanced stages . It keeps track of your childs progress and it also gives you printable pages for a workbook . I just printed out a set to take on our trip so he 'll have something to do on the plane ride . My daughter who is 2 also would enjoy it if her big brother would ever give her a chance to sit and play with the computer . I highly recommend this because it 's very easy for them to catch on to what they have to do to complete the levels . Boring ? It can be , but kids thrive on repetition , so I just leave the room if I get too bored watching it .
 If there were Emmys handed out for educational software , this one would be a strong contender . This software game really helped my 3-year old son learn his colors , numbers , sound recognition , matching , and letters . The best part is that the game is easy to understand and very fun . He plays this game often . Pooh visits each of his friends ' house to notify them of Eeyore 's birthday . In the process , the child `` helps '' the characters provide a gift for Eeyore . Once the chore is accomplished , the gift is waiting for Eeyore . When the child has collected all the gifts , let the birthday party begin ! The software has three difficulty levels . The software requires use of a mouse .
 My 3-year-old son loves the Winnie-the-Pooh games ; this was his first in the series and is by FAR his favorite . It 's very entertaining and educational , teaching a variety of skills such as number and letter recognition , reasoning -LRB- i.e. cause-and-effect -RRB- , matching , etc. . After we helped him out with the basics , he figured out how to navigate through the centers with ease , and really learned to use the mouse . Any of the Pooh titles would be a good buy , but this stands out if you 're looking for a great all-around buy for your toddler/pre-schooler .
 This game really is wonderful I got it for my daughter when she was about 21/2 and by 3 she was a pro she still has a challange though as the math keeps her thinking . I am very pleased with this game it is a toss up between this game and Jump Start Preschool she loves them both and they are both very quality .
 This was a great game for my 31/2 year old with a lot of replay value . The game teaches a variety of skills in interesting and fun ways.The only minor complaint that I have is that once you complete the game , even though you can still revisit all of Pooh 's friends and play the challenges , you are no longer able to go back to the birthday party -LRB- well , you can go back to the place where the party was held , but no one 's there -RRB- .
 The number one thing that I love about this game is it tracks your child 's progress . As a parent you can check to see what activities your child is spending the most time on and how far they have gotten . There are lots of lessons to be learned on with this software , it teaches recognition , listening , creativity and reasoning skills . I think this is the best preschool software that we have purchased . Our son will be 4 in June , he asks daily to play with Pooh . I believe that he really is learning with the games .
 This game is * much * better than the JumpStart Preschool game ! My son plays it almost daily . There are 3 levels of difficulty , so it wo n't be quickly outgrown . My only complaint is that the painting page makes you color it exactly like the original . I understand the skill they are trying to teach , but I think it discourages creativity.Also , someone mentioned that the end credits are too long . You can hit `` Esc '' and skip them .
 I wanted to see if my kids would get into learning by computer and well after using the program one day they were fighting over computer time . My 5 year old ripped right through it and my 21/2 year old is learning at a slow and even pace . I was upset that you need a color printer but I guess that is the next thing on our list to buy . I think having Pooh and his friends there to teach takes some pressure off me , a wonderful compliment to the old fashion way of teaching .
 I got this for my daughter -LRB- 2 years 2 months -RRB- last month as a package with her Pooh Kidzmouse and she loves them ! She still needs to learn how to use a mouse but she 's getting there -LRB- we only let her play 2 times a week -RRB- . I love the fact that it has various stages of difficulty and I do think that some of the games she has to be kindergarten age to know how to play . I 'm going to review this game by game.Kanga 's Alphabet SoupThis is my daughter 's favourite game since she 's taken interest in learning letters . You have a recipe book that shows you the whole alphabet , some letters greyed out . The player has to find the alphabet letter pasta that are grey and put them in the soup . As you increase difficulty , the player gets to learn some vegetables too always choosing the greyed out letters.Pooh 's DreamThis game is a bit to difficult for my daughter . It 's a deduction and reasoning game . You have two picture images and you have to choose which other image goes with the story . For example , first picture is a plate of cookies , second one is a boy eating the cookies and the player has to select the picture of an empty plate with crumbs as the answer . I like the concept of the game but I do n't think it 's preschool level.Owl 's Family TreeIn this game you get to test your little ones power of discrimination and classification . At the first level , you have two pages of an album , for example , one with owls with specs and the other one has owls with bow ties . There are empty slots on each page and a few loose pictures on the desk . The player has to put them into the right family according to the resemblence . I was super surprised that my daughter knew how to play this game , actually she got all of the level one right with first try.Rabbit 's Canning EncounterAgain , this was a bit too difficult for my daughter since she is still learning to use a mouse . She can not count beyond 12 and she still does n't recognise numbers although this helps a lot . For the first level , your child needs to stick labels on the numbered jar , corresponding to the number ON the jar . It 's not that difficult I think but my daughter does n't like the game . On the next levels you get to put a certain number of a fruit or vegetable into a labelled jar . My daughter loves to watch me play this but it 's too advanced for her for now.Tigger 's Popcorn CalliopeThis one we do n't play that much because my daughter always wants to select the duck or cuckoo . You have an empty box with a slot and a plan that makes the sound that is to go in the box . You have to listen to the sound and put the appropriate musical pipe inside the box.Piglet 's PicturesThis is a drawing game . Other reviewers have said that they do n't like the fact that you have to colour the pictures in exactly as the game says . I actually like it . It think it teaches kids to follow instructions . My daughter loves this game . She already knows her colours and she loves colouring it in and choosing the correct colour as the predefined picture . She loves to stick bees , butterflies and flowers when we finish the picture . On the more difficult levels , the kid gets to learn how to mix colours too.Extra gameWe found a surprise game that has two or three empty suitcases . There are lots of things on the flour and the player has to put them in the picture-labelled suitcases . For example , sports things , food etc.The Party SpotThe whole point of the game is that you help all of the characters make a present for Eeyore 's birthday party . It 's not actually his birthday , we get to find out , but the party still happens.You also get Pooh 's print 'n' learn , with stickers , workbook pages and flash cards . The game also has a progress chart , where you can view your child 's progress if they actually play alone.All in all i think this is great software for preschoolers and kindergarteners and I 'm really glad we found Pooh !
 My -LSB- ... -RSB- has been playing this game for a year , and he still loves it . He 's shown significant improvement with counting , ABCs and learning problem solving skills . The graphics are beautiful , the story lines keep him interested and the organization of the activites help to keep his frustration low when he makes a mistake or picks the wrong answer . Excellent start for toddlers .
 For over four decades , Disney and A.A. Milne 's marvelous characters have had a warm place in the hearts and minds of children -LRB- and their parents -RRB- worldwide . Thus , it was logical that the lovable bear and his friends would be perfect for educational CD-Rom set.This game has wonderful graphics , excellent voiceover talent , and an engaging storyline , along with a few challenging games , destined to help the little ones learn in a fun and exciting way.I bought it over four years ago , when my niece was three and her brother one . Both became fascinated with each of the activities , especially the `` alphabet soup '' game , as well as the `` match Owl 's family '' one , the latter being a very challenging one on distinguishing between photographic details . With each of the activities supporting three different skill levels , there is not a bored minute to be had.I can only say that , for me , to see the joy in the kids ' eyes and the smiles on their faces , the investment is worth it .
 Winnie the Pooh Preschool is a great game . My daughter is 3-1/2 and loves playing it ... and I like the fact that she is learning how to spell and count . Worth every cent !
 My 2 and a half year old has quickly learned how to navigate this program . The beginning has a mail box that you have to type the players name into and I need to help her with that . There are 3 levels on each game and a variety of activities . Counting , coloring a page to match a smaller picture and even color mixing to get desired color . The goal is to complete all the areas to get ready for a birthday party for Eeyore . My daughter enjoys this game and although it is a bit slow sometimes -LRB- pooh is a slow talker -RRB- She plays with it often . It requires more thinking than many of the other games for this age group that I have bought and challenges her . I would recommend it highly .
 My two year old really enjoys this game . The animation is fantastic and there are a whole lot of different educational games to play . She really enjoys doing all the different activities with her favorite Pooh Characters . I love the fact that it has different levels of difficulty , so when she is bored with one level -LSB- or outgrows it -RSB- , she can move on to another level and it is a whole new exciting game . I expect to get a LOT of play out of this software . -LSB- This Preschool game is a vast improvement over Winnie the Pooh Toddler - although I still hate the long credits you have to sit through at the end to take the CD out -RSB- .
 This is a wonderful game that captivates young audiences . I 've used it with kids from 2-5 years of age and they all have fun with their favorite characters -LRB- while they sneak in a little education on them . -RRB- There is a game to play with each of your 100 Acre pals which help enhance different skills-listening , matching , counting , alphabet and pre-reading , etc. . With three levels of play for each activity and a goal to reach at the end -LRB- Eeyore 's birthday party -RRB- , the kids love this one for a long , long time . I think you 'll definitely get your money 's worth out of this one .
 We borrowed this CD from the library and my almost 4 year old just loves it . It is very hard to keep her busy , but she will sit and play with this for long periods of time . We especially like Kanga 's alphabet soup game , Rabbit 's canning game and coloring with Piglet . I like that there are 3 levels of difficulty , so the software will grow with her . I think part of why she likes it is because she is `` helping '' her Hundred Acre Wood friends . This software is a little bit advanced for the suggested age range . I think a child needs to have a basic grasp on numbers , letters , colors , etc. in order to enjoy this CD . It also is alot more fun for them if they can do the mouse themselves . If you are looking for software to start teaching letters , numbers , pointing & clicking , etc. . I would suggest the Jump Start series or Dr. Seuss ` ABC 's living book . I understand that the point of the game is supposed to be Eeyore 's birthday party - we have never gotten to that point and is does n't make a difference . My daughter and I just like playing the individual games .
 My 21/2 year old likes this pretty well . I agree with previous reviewers about the party at the end . It was so bad that I assumed it would improve as you completed the exercises in level 2 and 3 , etc. . It did n't . In fact , once you get the party , you never get anything else for completing the higher levels . Not even the same party . My 21/2 year old mastered the mouse while playing this , and will sometimes play unattended for quite some time on her own . This game has some decent letter recognition , pattern matching , and motor skills activities .
 This CD-ROM is an excellent introduction to basic math concepts for young children . Once shown the basics , my son -LRB- at age 3 -RRB- was easily able to navigate the program with no difficulties , which is an added benefit - computer literacy skills.This program teaches youngsters how to count , learn deduction and reasoning , sort and classify , identify numbers , listen , and mix colors . You can choose the difficulty level depending on the child 's proficiency , which also keeps the experience fresh.Other excellent features include the ability to track the child 's progresss and a selection of things you can print to create worksheets , including flash cards and a simple workbook.My son is 6 now , but he still goes back to this program now and again . I credit it with giving him a head start in math and helping build his confidence and love for learning . I highly recommend it for any young child .
 My 3 year old is pretty bright and even though she could sing the ABC song I could not get her to visually recognize the letters . This CD ROM has a `` popping ballons '' game that is magnificent for learning to recognize the letters . This disk has multiple games that I know facilitated my daughters ability to become an expert with shapes , numbers and letters . I absolutely recommend it for all parents with toddlers in the home .
 I brought this software for my grand daughter who is 3yrs ... after i read the feedback on this site i decided to purchase the game . and to my surprise my grand daughter was able to use it with little or no help ... She has had no experience with computers until now .
 I bought this program for my first grandson when he was 3 . He loved it . It 's simple and boring for grown ups , but at that age he was so proud to be on the computer. , and he learned. , not only from the program. , but also how to work the computer . Now he is 6 years. , and he has playstation , nitendo , and wii. , he loves it all . He has programs for art and coloring , painting. , and very smart . I lost this program , it kept going from his house to mine and back again . Now I 'm ordering it for his 21/2 year old brother and then to his new baby brother coming in July , plus it will be used by my grandaughter who is 3 . Its a good program for little ones .
 This product was delivered in speedy time and in excellant condition . I will use this for years to come .
 I am an adult recoverying from a injury and decided learning to type would help me with my recovery . I wanted something fun and this is fun . The only problem I have had is the program crashes every now and then but that maybe due to my typing , such as hitting a wrong key . I would definitly buy this for children .
 We ca n't get this to work on our computer - blurry letters , and ca n't get it to play . Ca n't tell if I would like it or not . Not the fault of the person we got it from though - it came very quickly and was still in its package .
 I purchased this program about 15 years ago in an older pc format . My girls loved it . The bugs pop out of the keyboard on the screen and the kids have to hit the correct key to make them go away . The faster you go the the faster the bugs appeared . Now my daughters , both in there 20 ' s are very fast at typing . One does nearly 80 words per minute and the other 65 + . I am hoping to get a new format for my grand kids .
 My daughter used this game at 4 years of age and at the age of 16 feels she is the fastest typist in her study groups . Playing this game along with many other PC games -LRB- we did n't have cable TV -RRB- , she enjoyed it and learned quickly . All I said to her was remember to sit up and that the trick was if she did n't look at her hands she would be a master in no time . She and the game did the rest of the work and she types beautifully now and is still proud of the accomplishment .
 It is a great learning game made with attention . It is useful for both kids and adults to easy learn typing .
 I can honestly say that this game has helped me with the typing skills I have today . It really challenges the beginning typer and can even get quite difficult . I probably would n't be as skilled as I am without the help of this game . Sure , most schools have Computer Application classes and the like , but the help many students receive in there does n't always help . Great and fun game ! Worth every penny .
 Shipped quickly ! I copied the whole CD to my hard drive and then did the installation from that folder . I do n't have to use the CD when my kids use Pumba & Timon Adventures in Typing.The colors are vibrant and the program is very engaging . I have four children all but one have learned to type with this program . I bought the CD again so my youngest can learn to type.I just wish that Disney Interactive would update their product so it would run with Windows 7 .
 I bought this for my granddaughter , age 7 . She was n't particularly interested . She apparently has no interest in typing and the game did n't intrigue her . I was disappointed . I was hoping it would help her with things like punctuation and capitalization . However , my 45 year old son in law is now using it to learn to type . Apparently , it 's a good teaching tool if one wants to learn . Maybe when my granddaughter gets a little older ...
 I got this for my 4 yr old , who has older siblings that have typing cd-roms to learn with . She loves this cd and has her homerow down pack now ! It 's fun and engaging for her even though it 's rated for children 6 and up . I really think the more opportunity you give to a child at a younger age ... there really is just no limit to what they can achieve .
 I got this game for classroom work for kids from 5yrs to 12yrs . I was VERY pleased with the combination of practice and fun games . What impressed me most about it , particularly after trying out other typing software , is how well it adjusts the games to the child 's level . Yes , supervision is always required to ensure they 're not looking at their hands or just bashing keys , and I 've heard my share of groans when another page of text comes on instead of the game , but that 's to be expected . Excellent game which I intend to purchase for my own child !
 This game includes four fun-filled levels . It 's great for kids of all ages . But I am sorry that it is SO difficult to find in stores . I recomend this item to anyone who is looking for a very , very fun learn to type game for children .
 I could n't get it to run at all in XP , but I have Windows 95 installed within Windows XP , and this game ran well in Windows 95 . Beautiful graphics . The typing bores my 5 year old very quickly , but I encourage him to work on it with the promise of a reward . So far he is only in the beginning , and there is only one game to play -LRB- besides the standard drill -RRB- . I think there will be more games available as he progresses . If you ca n't downgrade easily , however , this game is probably not worth buying . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 So far , our 6 year old is quite taken with this disc . The disc focuses quite well on the basics of typing -- such as home row and not watching your fingers -- and offers `` certificates '' as levels are successfully completed .
 All my children -LRB- now in High School -RRB- have used this program to really learn to type . The classes they had in school were boring and they got horrible grades until we stumbled on this Disney Gem ! The graphics and the silly lessons kept them laughing while they relearned how to type like pros . I would recomend this program for anyone at any age who needs to learn to type . I work in a school and I recomend Disney 's Adventures in Typing with Timon & Pumba to all the parents who want to give their kids a step up in communications and in their spelling . Better typing = better spellers ...
 This is the best typing program ever !! I loved that they used Timon and Pumbaa . It was so fun and entertaining for us kids , well still teaching us . I learned to type in a week or two because I could not stop playing it , it was so fun !!
 You are crazy not to buy this . I got it for my six year old grandson , whom has been labeled with dyslexia and he sat right down and was typing 80 % correct within minutes and loved it . I am thrilled to death .
 While Disney 's MathQuest and MathReader say they are only for Win 95/98 , they do install and Run for NT 4.0 -LRB- sayings its NT 3.0 and they do n't support NT -RRB- But Typing will not install on NT 4.0 at all .
 This is not one of those cutesy titles that only pretends to be about education . This is an extremely well-designed , well-thought-out program that effectively teaches typing -LRB- i.e. , keyboarding -RRB- . Anything even remotely associated with The Lion King may trigger the gag reflex in survivors of the whole Lion King blitzkrieg , but rest assured
 This game was purchased for my six year old . She is a pretty active kid ... not a lot of computer experience yet . When she first began to play , she was very tempted to look at her fingers ... I sat beside her and held a lg . piece of paper over her hands , which solved the problem . The first night she learned to type f , d , j and k . She liked to `` shoot bugs '' -LRB- by typing the correct letter -RRB- but mandatory pages of just letters was a bit frustrating for her . I think that this game should go a little slower and therefore be more of a game and less work . I rate this game a solid B . It seems that it would be perfect for an 8 or 9 year old .
 I consider keyboarding essential , especially once children have transitioned to cursive if not before . As an educational consultant , I wanted to actually try keyboarding software for younger children before recommending it . This title was by far the best of five I tried , with the most potential for children to place fingers correctly . It was one of the titles including posture and position illustrations at the beginning . While entertaining , the cartoon motivation and reinforcement moved quickly , so practice really is required . I did n't like the weird cave activity , but children are keyboarding adequately before they get to that last level . Designed well , the title I recommend for those too young for Mavis or when a lighter approach is needed .
 This program is a terrific typing teacher for the youngest beginner . My daughter is 5 and has been wanting to `` use the keyboard '' for a long time . She has really done well on her own to follow the directions of Rafiki who makes her practice many more times than he did me ! So it really is true that the program adjusts for different levels . This program really is all I had hoped it would be from just reading the box . At the time that I ordered this program from Amazon.com there were not any customer reviews .
 My seven year old son rushed to my compter as soon as the Amazon box arrived . He was not disappointed as he was easily able to put the CD in my I-Mac himself and click on the icon to start the adventure . It held his interest for an hour as he moved through the excercises guided by the Disney characters . When I wanted to work at my desk our son simply moved to his dad 's PC and with a little help was able to install the typing tutor at Dad 's desk as well . The typing excercises and games are perfact for a young child and my son is not even aware that he is learning to type . We have had the CD for 3 days now and Patrick sits at the keyboard with his hands in the correct position and is able to type simple works without even looking at the keyboard . He has learned all on is own with no help for us . For my son it is essential that he learn to type as soon as possible . He is dyslexic and is struggling with writing and spelling . Soon he will be able to use a keyboard with a word processing program in school but he must first learn to type . I highly recommend this software . I rated it a 5 but Patrick says it is a 4 because he says it is not his absolute favorite thing to do but it is `` really great ! '' .
 This is a great game/teaching tool which will help any youngster ages 4 - 15 to use a keyboard . It keeps your attention via interactive voice and animation as well as frequent games which test your skill . The scorecard reports on your progress as well as identifying where you need help . In one week , my children 's typing skills increased 10 fold . I recommend this to anyone .
 The last thing my son wanted to do over the Summer is learn typing . But his handwriting leaves a lot to be desired , and they allow lap tops in his school so they want the kids to know how to type ... and this program appeals to his sense of humor and fun . He does n't mind doing the lessons even though they are quite challenging once you get into it . There are certificates to be earned and lots of encouragement from Rafiki . I recommend it . Even though my son is 11 , and older than the recommended ages , it 's still a lot of fun . He 's also ADHD , but it manages to hold his attention !
 This program has been the most successful program I have used with children who are early school age and who need to learn to type due to writing difficulties . It is very colorful and seems to hold the interest of the children . I recommend it to parents all the time and I am sorry that it is so hard to find .
 My wife -LRB- Ettin Cub -RRB- wrote a review today and was a little unfair . If you go to the Disney Interactive website you can download a patch for free which will resolve any issues the program may have with windows XP.That said , it 's an excellent program . Our children are begging to play , and are getting to be almost as fast as typing as we are . Well , maybe not as fast as I am .
 My Daughter loved this one . She played with it many times . There are lots of different games to play .
 I purchased this to replace the one we have had for years -LRB- now no good -RRB- and it works like a new one on my 12 year old machine . What I really wanted was the same program that would work on my new machine but I could not find that . So this is a great early learning program that is only good if you have a working 12 year old machine .
 I am a mother of nine children . We bought this game over 10 years ago . It has remained the favorite for all the children . Each child starts out with a tree house and a mailbox of his/her own . The program enables many children to have their own ` account ' or tree house . The prizes for mastering each section of this game are things for your treehouse . When you visit your tree house , you can ` play ' with the items you won . This gives wonderful incentive to complete the ` lessons ' . We have purchased many educational games since , and none have come close to this one . I wish they had updated it for the newer computers . Put it this way , I love this game so much that I am purchasing another computer with Windows98 just so the kids can still learn with it . AMAZING learning game !!!
 Freddie and Luther go to help out on Freddie 's aunt 's ranch only to find out that her hogfish have been rustled . This starts the adventure that sends Freddie and Luther into the deep blue sea to find the missing hogfish . Through interactive play and logical thinking my son had a great time trying to find the hogs . Like all Humongous Ent . software these games promote logic , and deductive reasoning in a fun way . My son loves all their games ! This game is a little more challenging than previous releases of Freddie , but but not so much that my son wanted to give up . I feel it was a great confidence builder for my son to figure out the puzzles and play the different `` games within the game '' . You wo n't regret getting this one ! Try the Pajama Sam series or Putt Putt !
 Although the box lists the age range for this title as 3-8 , we found it to be far too challenging for a 3-year-old . -LRB- The parents enjoyed playing it , though ! -RRB- This particular 3-year-old had been breezing thru some of the `` Toddler '' and `` Preschool '' titles on the market , so we decided to let him try this title . While he enjoys the characters , he has n't really taken to the puzzle-solving . We 'll keep it on the shelf for a while and re-introduce it when he 's a bit older .
 My husband and I both enjoy playing this game . More importantly , our son , age four , really enjoys it . This game encourages creative thinking , problem solving , memory skills and more . One thing I particularly like is that each time you solve the game and it 's over , when you begin again , it 's like palying a new game . The problems change , the puzzles change , the objects you need to find and collect change.These games have gotten better with each game.Well worth the money.Enjoy
 I bought this for my daughter when she was two and a half . We put it in and played with it together for a few months . Just before she turned three , I let her play with it by herself to practice using the mouse . She loves it ! The graphics are cartoony and fun , and the verbal instructions given by Freddi are simple . There are so many things to click on in most scenes that it will grab attention . My daughter just practiced using the mouse and getting it to click on the right picture . Now she solves the mystery and completes the game all by herself.Bottom line : A great beginner software for three and up .
 My four-year-old son 's favorite games over the past year , by far , are the Freddi Fish ones . They are challenging , change a bit every time but maintain enough consistency to be easy to navigate , and are lots of fun . The later games -LRB- # 4 and up ? -RRB- have a `` save '' feature , which is awesome . Highly recommend !
 Bought one Freddie the Fish CD some years ago in a 4-game pack . I have recently purchaced all that are available and my Grandchildren love them.The games are really fun and interesting . Teaches children to remember and solve the puzzle with the clues provided . And it is not boring in any way . Children range from 3 to 9 years old . Also , there are many graphics along the way ... everything opens to reveal a joke or song or just silliness . Buy one , buy them ALL , they 're great !
 Nana brought this game for my younger sister and thought that it would be too easy for me . I decided to have a go when my sister was having trouble and I found it much harder than expected . I had to keep going back to it till I finally finished the game . It was good .
 I purchased this game for my son as the 2nd game in my entire household , when he almost masters the Freddi Fish 3 . With games in Freddi Fish 3 , my son wins each episode in 7 minutes , each episode in this game - Freddi Fish 4 - takes him less than 10 minutes . I think he may shorten it to 7 minutes as well . At first , the game appeared to be more difficult than in Freddi Fish 3 . By now , I think the Freddi Fish 3 is more challenging that Freddi Fish 4 , for that game has no concept of Negative values as in Freddi Fish 3 . As similar to Freddi Fish 3 , this game challenges the kid with un-expected events , new thinking , and problem solving . Please , read my evaluation of Freddy Fish 3 to see how fun these game are , and some tricks to play them . They are worth the food for your kid 's mind .
 The games seem to improve as you move from # 1 to # 4 . My 5-yr old likes it that each time you play it is slightly different .
 I love having the bible on my pda . No matter where I am I have it there to refer to . The search functions are great and there is even an ability to bookmark your favorite passages ! Now I have my Bible with me every where I go!You can chose from several different versions , the only popular version not available is NIV , but I have discovered NKJ is actually a bit better . All in all it is an excellant value and the convenience makes it all the more with the money spent !
 My eight favorite things about Linspire Linux :1 . It installs in 10 minutes without any complicated questions along the way . No computer experience needed at all to install and run Linspire .2 . Comes with `` Audio Assist Tutorials '' that walk you through , step-by-step all the basic operations , such as setting up email , connecting to the Internet , printing , etc. . You can see an example of them here
 I 've tried most all flavors of Linux and this is by far the most user friendly version I 've ever used.If your new to Linux , this is the version for you . It will take you approximately 10 minutes to install and away you go.The CNR is the is bringing Linux to the everyday user . It 's a warehouse of programs that you can install on your Linspire system with only `` one click '' . That 's right one!You will find the forums one of the most friendly on the web . The people there help you without all the attitude and `` RTFM '' comments . Amazingly enough , the Linspire staff frequently answers forum posts , and are quite helpful and friendly . How often does that happen with your present OS?If your looking for a secure OS for a friend , family member , or even yourself ... look no farther , this is the OS for you . It has a very small learning curve , as it 's designed for the desktop user , not the computer gurus . Do n't get me wrong , the gurus will have a blast with this OS , but it 's primary purpose is to bring Linux to the everyday person.Give this one a go , you wo n't be sorry.Kkru
 It 's a shining moment . You are in front of your computer , diligently plugging away at your work . Your mind and your hands working together without conscious thought as your fingers fly across the keyboard . In that moment your operating system and software have fulfilled their true potential
 If you 're tired of viruses , high software prices and ready to learn Linux . Then start with Linspire . It 's so easy to use , yes it 's easier than Windows with it 's CNR -LRB- Click-N-Run -RRB- software installer . Just choose a software , click a button and it installs it , way too easy . I started using Linux with Linspire and now my whole family loves it . Go for it , start breaking free from Microsoft today .
 FINALLY !!! A Linux operating system that 's as easy to use as Windows without all the instability that comes with Microsoft OS ' . The quickest and easiest install I 've ever seen ! The CNR -LRB- Click-N-Run -RRB- service is quite a useful tool , making it easy for anyone to install applications . It makes you wonder why no other OS has tried this before . CNR is Truely inovative!Now , why is n't linspire for everyone , even though it is so easy to use ? Simple , if you are a gamer , you may be dissapointed by the selection of titles available . That 's really the only downfall to Linspire and the Linux community . But do n't get me wrong , Linux has a good variety of games and some big titles available . Take the Quake and Unreal series . Both are available and there is a wide variety of games in every genre ; puzzles , adventure , RPG , arcade , racing , fps , etc , etc , etc.For those of you who use your computer just for home office and internet browsing , along with music and movies give Linspire a try . I 'm sure you will find it as pleasent as I did ! : -RRB- Now , here is an OS by OS comparison with the latest versions out there . As a technology professional here is my take.Microsoft Windows XP w/SP2 - Built on NT technology so it 's more stable then it 's old 9x counterparts , but still somewhat buggy ! Very vulnerable to virus , adware and spyware attacks . You really have to know what your doing to keep your computer safe . Hardware is fairly inexpensive because lets face it , PC 's are everywhere . Software , there is an abundance of software when you own the most popular OS on the market ! Windows is expensive to purchase!Mac OS-X - Built on Unix technology so it is very stable ! Not as vulnerable to virus , adware and spyware attacks . Hardware is expensive because the bulk of everything is through Apple and taylored towards the business community more then the home user but they 're slowly getting there . There is plenty of software but it lies more in the realm of availability of Linux but still a a slight advantage and oh yeas , the software is a bit more expensive too ! Moderately prices OS but still kind of high.Linspire - Built on Linux Technology so it is very stable ! Every computer system is vulnerable to attacks but Linspire is among the safest OS ' in the PC market and uses the same hardware that Windows computers use although there is still a handful hardware that will give you some trouble . Software ; There is plenty there to entertain the average joe and usually at a lower price with the majority of software found for free ! Open source has it 's advantages ! ;-RRB- For roughly , $ 40 you really can not go wrong with Linspire !
 I 've been a Lindows/Linspire user since the version around 12/02 . I 've used lots of Linux distro 's but I keep coming back to Linspire.The release versions are always very stable . The Click-N-Run warehouse is great!I recently became an `` Insider '' and I 'll just say that the future of Linspire looks VERY good !
 I 've used PCs for more than twenty years and Linspire is about the best Operating System I 've tried . It caught my attention early this year and since then I 've converted all the machines on our network and many of my friends as well . Someone once said that a technology has matured when it becomes invisible . Well , apart from a great sense of satisfaction at it 's ease of use , Linspire is so smooth that it 's easy to forget it 's there ! It lets you focus on what you are doing rather than trying to get it to work . If you want , you can tinker with it endlessly for hours , or just leave it alone . The CNR warehouse allows the easiest possible install of software , but more importantly , if you do n't like something after you 've installed it , one click removes it -- all of it !! I also found the online support really great and when I called the company to discuss something , I got a real person that was actually interested in listening . The people at Linspire really know how to look after their customers and clients . I recommend it whole-heartedly !
 Linspire 4.5 worked straight out of the box on my two PC 's and my Winbook J4 laptop.What I like is the ease of installment , the fact that you do n't have to search for driver Cd 's , but the best of all is CNR -LRB- Click and Run -RRB- 1900 program which can be installed with a single click.Now I have done away with WindowsXP all together , who needs it when Linspire has everything at one quarter of the price , and the added peace of mind that virus , ad-ware do n't exist on a Linux based systems .
 I have been using Linspire since version 3.0 instead of Microsoft Windows . Linspire is more stable , more secure , and a whole lot cheaper . With CNR -LRB- click-n-run -RRB- you can install over 1900 programs for free if you are a CNR member . I can get the same set up for 100.00 that Microsft will want thousands for.Linspire has saved my family a ton of money . I definatley give it a 5 out of 5 .
 I 've used Linspire as my main home operating system for more than two years . In my opinion , it is a great value . Linspire features the Click-N-Run warehouse , which contains more than 1900 -LRB- at the time of this writing -RRB- third party programs which can be installed with a click of the mouse . Not even Microsoft make installing third party programs this easy.Thanks to open source software , I can use Firefox as my web browser , Thunderbird as my email software , and OpenOffice as my word processor and spreadsheet . For leisure , my family and I play games ranging from strategy to arcade . There 's software for music and photo storage , and it only takes one click to load . The operating system is based on linux , so you know it 's more secure against hackers and spyware . It simply works , and works well.To sum up , Linspire is versatile , safe , and a tremendous bargain . What more can you ask for ?
 As it is Linspire 4.5 is probably the most user friendly operating system made and this includes them all , what other OS can you use and ask the president of the company a question directly * and * get an answer ? Try this with any other desktop/laptop OS ... put the 4.5 cd in the cd drive ... reboot ... answer a few questions and in as little as 10 minutes surf the internet , play games or check email . Tired of pop-ups , viruses , spam and all the hack attacks from the web , Linspire is built on the security of Linux so all of this is a thing of the past . It 's all good and I have n't even mentioned the forums where someone is always ready to help answer your questions and make you feel welcomed , not stupid :0
 approximate 10 minute install . Up and surfing the net . Try that with windows . Now granted , it is not for the latest and fastest pc 's on the market . For general office work , e-mail , and just plain general use it is sweet . Not having to worry about virus 's and malware is probably the greatest thing about it.before jumping in tho , check out the forums at linspire.com . Not to say this is for every one , but for the everyday user it is great .
 If your tired of Crashes , Viruses , Spyware and Adware , look no further and give Linspire a try . It 's as easy to use as Windows without all the extras mentioned above .
 Linspire is one of the few operating systems successfully combining the security and stability of Linux without sacrificing ease of use.If you still use Windows , you have no excuse not to survey what Linspire has to offer . There is no risk in trying it and you will be pleased with the results . A LiveCD is available so that you can try it before buying it . LinspireLive ! wo n't touch any of your existing data and it will still run flawlessly right off the CD . And even if you choose to install it , you wo n't have to format Windows and lose all your data . Simply make another partition and Linspire can live there , totally separate from Windows -LRB- yet you will be able to view Windows files in Linspire -RRB- . When the computer boots up you can select to start Linspire or Windows.If you like what you see , you should purchase Linspire along with Click-N-Run . CNR is Linspire 's heart and soul . It allows for easy installation , removal , updating and management of over 2,000 quality programs and it is as simple as clicking the running man next to the appropriate program . CNR will handle all the rest of the grunt work , leaving a clean and up to date system.Try Linspire ! It 's a great operating system with an active and helpful community as well as a company that really listens to its customers . It wo n't hurt and you will thank me for it . ; -RRB-
 I have been using the Linspire product for just over a year now and I must say that I 'm quite impressed with the product . Before trying Linspire , I knew very little about Linux , other than it was supposed to be a bear to operate.I purchased a box that had Linspire -LRB- Lindows at the time -RRB- installed on it and decided to give it a try . What I found was very pleasantly surprising . Linspire is very easy to install and very easy to operate . After using Windows for so long , I just simply did n't want to learn a new OS . Linspire made their OS very intuitive and very easy to use . It was as if they knew which questions I 'd be asking as user migrating from Windows , and answered them before I could ask.I find CNR to be a great service for those like me who knew nothing about Linux or how to install programs . One click of the mouse and the application I wanted was installed on my computer . I have learned more about Linux and how it operates , and my comfort level has grown exponentially since my first time booting into Linux.Now , while I 'm out surfing the web , or opening e-mails , I no longer have to worry about all of those viruses that plague the Windows Operating System.If you have ever thought about trying out a version of Linux , I 'd suggest you try Linspire , they make it easy .
 linspire is the best choice ive ever made . i switched durning the summer of this year -LRB- 04 -RRB- . Ive never had to worry about a virus , hacker , a worm , a crash.and i can install software with a click of a button through cnr.linspire is the choice os . i highly reccomend it !!!!!! it is the stablest os there is!www.linspire.com ... youll be glad you visited !
 More than once I thought of making the move to Linux , but I did n't really want to devote the time . I had followed Lindows , now renamed Linspire from its earliest days . When my PC running windows had so many lockups , requiring hard reboots , that my wife and daughter refused to use it any longer , I figured it was time to try Linspire.I put the CD in , installed and was up and running in under 10 minutes . Even my wife was amazed how little effort and time was required.Shortly after installing , I tried Click-N-Run -LRB- CNR -RRB- . I had read about it and thought it was just another download site . I was pleasantly surprised as I watched the program I had selected install and immediately -LRB- within minutes -RRB- become available to use - no need to unzip , find the install file , answer a bunch of pointless questions , or reboot the PC - like the name suggests all it takes is click and run.The community of users on the forums at Linspire are more than helpful and welcome new comers ; somewhat of an oddity in the world of Linux.An easy to install OS , easy install applications and helpful support - each worth the one low price .
 I ordered Linspire -LRB- formerly Lindows -RRB- 3 years ago , love it . Installed quickly and easily on my home made PC . It immediately recognized all my PC hardware -LRB- no drivers to install -RRB- . Windows requires me to instal 10 drivers before my PC will work correctly -LRB- a real hassle -RRB- . Linspire is stable and secure . Love the CNR warehouse ... very convenient and an excellent value.I have 2 hard drives in my PC and Linspire easily allows me to install a `` dual boot '' so that I could continue to use Windows 98 as long as I wanted to.The Linspire live CD will allow you to test drive the OS without installing so that you know if you like it or have any incompatible hardware ... great feature . Also good for rescuing data from a corrupt or failing hard drive .
 I 've just built 5 computers , I installed Linspire on four of them and Win98 on the fifth . Well , in the same time that I partitioned and formated the hard drive for Win98 , I fully installed one Linspire box . And I finished installing all my four Linspire boxes , before I even finished my Win98.If you want a Great OS at a fair price , go ahead with Linspire .
 Nuff said ... Try out the live cd , spend a few minutes to get familiar with it and make your own decision ... wont cost nothin but a little time ...
 I am going to be completely honest . I was nervous leaving a Microsoft OS because i did n't think there was anything easier . Well boy was i wrong when i was told about Linspire . I decided to give it a try and MAN was i AMAZED !!! I mean the install took Less then 10 minutes -LRB- compared to over 30 with any windows -RRB- , and i only had to answer two questions .1 . What do you want to call your computer2 . Create a passwordEverything else was automatic . I never rated a product before , but i had such a positive experience with Linspire that i was compelled to write this review . The install went smoothly !! booting up is incredibly fast , and the best part is NO SPYWARE which means NO POP UPS !!!! It gets better . I was sick of answers a ton of question when installing a program and i was nervous about messing something up . Well get this , Linspire has a service called Click And Run -LRB- CNR -RRB- which not only gives you access to over 1900 programs , but it installs it automatically . You just find a program you want and press 1 button and it is automatically downloaded , installed , and configured for you . There is nothing that a user can mess up . If you do n't like it click 1 more button and * poof * its gone . That simpleI can also rest easy knowing that Linspire is based on Linux , which has been proven to be far more stable the Microsoft OSes could ever be and also much more secure so i do n't have to worry about hackers stealing my credit card or viruses destorying my machine.I do not consider myself to be computer literate at all , but i do feel extremely comfoftable using Linspire knowing it is secure reliable and easy to use and i know you will too .
 Linspire is an easy to use desktop operating system designed for the first-time user and provides seamless transition for those migrating from another operating system . CNR addition is the simplest application installation software package on the market . Truly one-click and you have the tool installed to complete your task . Give it a try and you 'll be impressed ...
 I got Linspire 4.5.499 last year , hoping for a viable alternative to the Microsoft mark of the beast -LRB- just kidding , Gates -RRB- , I mean Microsoft Windows . Well , I think I found it with Linspire ! Installation is a snap ! It takes just minutes to install Linspire -LRB- comparing installation times between Linspire and Windows is like comparing how fast a cheetah is compared to a slug -RRB- . Hardware support with Linspire is to me better than Windows . I have a laptop . With XP , I have to install my modem drivers and soundcard drivers . Not with Linspire ! Linspire automatically recognizes and configures my soundcard , and all I have to do in order to get my serial modem to work -LRB- I use an IOGear GUC232A serial-to-usb cable to hook my ZOOM serial modem to my USB ... the IOGear GUC232A can be ordered on Amazon -RRB- is to make a symbolic link between / dev/ttyUSB0 and / dev/modem . Installing software on Linspire is made even simpler with CNR ! Linspire now has two CNR options
 I have been using Linspire since it was Lindows 4.0 . It 's replaced Windows in my home , and been a breeze to use.Everything works well , installs fast , and looks great.CNR is super easy to learn and love . Software is simply '' click it and run it '' easy!So is uninstall.If you do n't want CNR and have Linux knowledge enough to be called intermediate , try Apt-Get which lets you use console and the . Debian repositories to install the same packages for free!I 've found too that on my desktop Linspire runs as fast as it can , even with just 120 mb of available DDR Ram.Hardware work better with Linspire.I have new version 5 -LRB- read my review of it too on Amazon and my HOW TO -RRB- on my laptophere and it works well even with my WIFI!Infact it works better on Linspire . The forums are great too.I am a regular to the forums and you will find the many Insiders helpful . My favorite person to help me is Kendall . Look for him if you need assistance or ask CloudyWizard . Great forums!If you want to get rid of Windows unstable platform choose Linspire . $ 40 is worth it for the features , stability , and the friendly forums !
 If you are tired of Windows for whatever reason then Linspire 4.5 is for you . Istall is a snap . I can install the OS and all my applications from CNR and be up and running in less than one hour . That alone is worth 5 stars.I 've been using Linspire as my main OS now for almost 2 years and have never looked back .
 Linspire is the easiest Operating System I have ever used and over the last twenty years I have tried almost every one available for the PC . The installation was smooth and uneventful . Linspire recognized all components , even found my DSL modem and router and connected online . I have never had this happen with any other Operating System .
 I started running Linspire full time in 2003 and I have been very happy with it . I tried a bunch of other versions of Linux in the past but always had trouble with them . Some of them would n't install on my computer , others were way too complicated . The installer on the other versions of Linux asked me a million questions that I did n't know the answer to . How am I supposed to know how big to make my / boot partition !?!? I did get some of them to install but they mostly sucked . I could n't get my modem to work and my network did n't work either . I hated Linux and swore that I was always going to run Windows or go buy a Mac.Well , I did n't have enough money to buy a Mac and I finally hit the breaking point on my Windows machine . I got infected with some spyware software that made my machine run slow and it kept popping open windows everytime I used my computer . Evertime I was on the Internet I could see my computing downloading files even though I was n't doing anything at the time . I tried using some programs like AdAware to get rid of the spyware but it did n't work . I ended up having a friend help me reinstall Windows and two weeks later I got infected again . I have McAffee Antivirus and I also have ZoneAlarm but it did n't make a difference because I still got a worm or a virus or something and my computer was all messed up again . That was when I started looking at Linux again . But , lucky for me , I found Linspire!The installation took about 14 minutes and all I had to do was type a name for my computer and a password . That was it ! No difficult questions or complications . I popped out the CD and rebooted and I was up and running . It detected my Internet connection automatically and I was online and surfing the web in about 5 minutes . I can block popup ads now with the built-in browser and the email program is simple to use . I decided to sign up for the Click-and-Run service they have and I 'm glad I did . I pay $ 50 for the entire year and I can install tons of programs by browsing in the categories and clicking on the ones that I like . My network was detected and my modem works great . I 've been using it for over a year now and I have never been happier . I do n't miss Windows one bit and I will never go back to it ever again.Linspire is awesome and I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking to get rid of their hassles with Windows .
 Everything is easy to implement and works quickly over a broadband connection . There are only two drawbacks
 No program is going to be 100 % effective in eliminating SPAM as spammers are continually coming up with ways to get around filters and the like . That being said , this is a fairly good product . After a few days of tweaking , it 's been over 75 % effective in reducing the amount of SPAM in my inbox . I agree with the previous reviewer in that the main drawbacks are that it does n't integrate with your email program -LRB- I use Outlook Express -RRB- and that it defaults to viewing the killed email rather than the live email upon launching the program . So far it has been 100 % effective in getting rid of the sex related SPAM and its filters have effectively removed SPAM that I know I could not have filtered myself using the message rules in Outlook Express . Overall , I am happy with my purchase .
 Spamkiller 4 does a pretty good job of catching spam . It 's easy to rescue a message if it 's accidentally put in the Killed folder , and it 's easy to create a new filter if a spam is n't caught so you do n't get it again . There 's a handy icon in the system tray that shows when there 's new email . This is a stand-alone program . If you are thinking about getting SpamKiller 5 or Norton AntiSpam -LRB- which integrate with your email program -RRB- be sure to read the reviews first !
 Though not the best FPS ever , at only 10 $ for Great game that would run well on just about anything -LRB- even a 466 iBook ! -RRB- .
 I love Star Trek Voyager
 I use this program to graph simple pictures for my original crochet projects . I designed a nascar blanket for my grandson .
 This game is my fav one out the ones i 've played . Their parts that make you jump , but in every nancy drew game there is . The bad guy was wow you would not the it was him/her . IF its your first game to get it might be creepy . I give it a 10 . Its a good game
 I usually play nancy drew games with my best friend when I go to her house , but I thought i 'd go for it and buy one and try it by myself , with the help of an online website I finished it -LRB- I did n't have much patience to look for everything :P -RRB- i could n't stop playing until I solved the mystery , and saved Maya it was definitley addicting , I hope to get more Nancy Drew games in the future , but I think playing the games are more fun playing with your friends than by yourself then you can be scared out of your wits together. :P I reccommend this game to people because the graphics are truly amazing they 're 3D !! the game plot and suspects were convincing , and you really feel as if you 're really nancy drew , but I got ta say the most depressing part of the game was when we found out Brady 's hairline was receding jk.this is the tip for the girl who was getting caught by the police when she was about to see the tape . When you get the tape do n't play it , and do n't open the door , instead look for a hiding place , in other words look around for a metal closet then after the police leave get the bulb from that metal closet -LRB- if you have n't done so -RRB- and replace it with the burned out bulb , now you can see the picture when you put the tape in .
 This is the 5th Nancy Drew game in the series and although it is not one of the most challenging , it is one of the most fun . The mystery in this is that one of Nancy 's friends has been kidnapped in an old theater which will be demolished in 3 days . The kidnapper pays Nancy a threatening phone call
 This was the second Nancy Drew game I played with my 15 year-old sister and I thought it was very fun ! Nancy 's friend gets kidnapped in an old theater called The Royal Palladium , which is scheduled to be knocked down in 3 days ! At first , you meet star Brady Armstrong , and explore the theater . As you go along , you meet Joseph , the theater 's sound man , Simone , Brady 's manager , and Nick , the person who wants the R.P. to be a historical site . Also along the way , you uncover some buried secrets , hidden rooms , and more . I would n't recommend this game to anyone under 10 because it does get scary in some parts , unless they are playing with an older person . This game was n't very very hard , but it does discourage you sometimes . Well , enjoy ! This is an awesome game !
 Your visiting your friend Maya in St. Louis , Missouri and she has scored an interview with one of today 's hottest young stars , Brady Armstrong . The interview is taking place at the Royal Palladium Theatre , which is undergoing demolition in a few days ! Maya lets you tag along to the interview but , of course , you have to wait outside ! Maya goes in and but a few seconds later , you hear a scream ! It 's Maya ! You dash into the room and she 's no where to be found ! All of the sudden , the phone rings . It 's someone saying they 've taken Maya ! They tell you that you have to stop the demolition to save Maya 's life , What are you going to do?That is what starts the game , `` The Final Scene '' and let me tell you , it is exciting as it sounds . You can get behind Nancy 100 % and you have to find Maya ! I 've played this game nearing 10 times and I do have to say it 's one of my favorites . There are a wide range of challenges to deal with , each unique in there own ways . The graphics and movement in this game are wonderful and great for this type of game.If you 've never played a Nancy Drew/Herinteractive game before , I assure you you will fall in love ! I 've been into Herinteractive 's games for about 2 years and I absolutely love them ! They never seem to get old , and with new ones coming out each year you always have something to look forward too.So if you 're thinking about buying , The Final Scene , you wo n't be disappointed , weather this is your first ND game or your 10th !
 The graphics have gotten even better in this game ! It 's not really that freaky but there are parts that it is . And once you finish the game , it 's fun to replay it and do stupid stuff like kill yourself or get yourself kicked out or something like that . As usual , the features of the game are still impressive and ever improving . As for the challenge of the mystery game ? It 's a pretty good challenge all right because you 're timed ! Only 3 days for you to solve the mystery . Well you do n't really get timed until the very end , but still . Very pressuring that is . The puzzles are quite ... puzzling as well . It 's a great game for people of ALL ages and a fun game too ! Buy it today !
 The Final Scene is a great game . The surroundings , music and story is wonderful , and the ending is a complete surprise . I recommend this game , as well as all of the other Nancy Drew games to anyone who enjoys a good mystery to keep them on their toes .
 This is a good game , and for once I can actully say that it is good for any age . It is fun , and sometimes a little tricky , but after a while of fooling around you can usally figure it out . This game is also good because you dont need a super good computer to use it . You only need 16 mb of ram -LRB- memory -RRB- , which is considerably less compared to other games . The graphics are good , and highly detailed . And overall I would very much recommend this game .
 Okay , I recant the negative statements I made about this product -LRB- mine was the review titled `` I am extremely annoyed by this game '' -RRB- . I got a little bit of help with it and after I got past the part that was giving me so much trouble , I enjoyed the game . It 's pretty cool .
 This game was awesome ! It was so much fun but at the same time very intense , and always made you think and wonder who is it going to be ?? Or when will someone jump out at you !?? Although you can get lost in the theater when you tend to be wandering around I found that this game was very exciting ! -- Even though a few occasional bumps came along the way with all the excitement ... I would definatly pass this game on to any of my friends ! : -RRB-
 Game was interesting and fun however , had some parts that were a little hard for children . Some things in the game were not good for some young children to see or hear . Make sure you review the game before letting your daughter play it .
 I have not yet gotten this game but I feel that it will be quite good for I have most of the Nancy Drew games and they have all been good . Mis-leading but there always ways to get out of a pit in which you are stuck in , weather you are stuck or not . I think Nancy Drew games are great for people like me because I like to solve things and use to my brain , and for people who like Nancy Drew books or detective stuff . I think it will be better than the others . -LRB- My father 's ID is Essex Fowlks V -RRB-
 After playing all 5 Nancy Drew games , I can fairly say that this is one of the best . I do not think that it was the best for one reason
 Like the other Nancy Drew games , `` The Final Scene '' was great . In each Nancy Drew game , you get to be the famous detective and solve a mystery . It 's not easy , though . You have to search for clues and find secret passageways . You maneuver through the game with your mouse , using arrows and magnifying glasses on the screen -- and sometimes , trinkets and trapdoors can only be found by viewing them at a particular angle . This allows for hours of fun -- or hours of being stuck , whatever . -LRB- This is what the HerInteractive site 's message boards are for ! -RRB- The graphics in this game are incredible . The people look 3-D and although they do look a bit robotic , they 're realistic and believable . The attention to detail is amazing as well . The scenery is beatiful -- there are cool things to look at that do n't really pertain to your mystery , but then again , you do n't KNOW for sure if they do or not -- it 's always good to keep your eyes open and remember where certain things are.The dialogue is clever and witty , and often funny and silly -LRB- but in a good way -RRB- . My only complaint on this subject is the fact that sometimes the dialogue does n't make sense -- sometimes a character speaking to you will tell you to try doing something you 've already done , and Nancy -LRB- you -RRB- will say `` OK , I 'll try that '' -- when in fact you 've already done it ! Obviously the game 's programming ca n't handle ANY eventuality . But whatever . This is a small thing and it is a small annoyance at the most . `` The Final Scene '' is so fun . All I can ask for in the next Nancy Drew game -LRB- and please , PLEASE keep making them ! -RRB- is more puzzles -LRB- there were about five in this game ; all pleasantly challenging -RRB- and , also , give us more game time ! The box says it can take over 20 hours . I did the senior level and had it completed in 6 or 7 . Then again , I 'm in my twenties . -LRB- Yes ! Adults , do not be ashamed to play this ! I have gotten several of my friends hooked ! However , I 've also played one of the other games with a 10-year-old ... she needed a little help but did pretty well on her own , so this is for all ages ! -RRB- Also , like many people , I 've played the other four games -- so I guess after awhile you get the hang of the games and that makes them go faster.Synopsis
 I 've played all the Nancy Drew games and like this one the best . You see , Nancy has to help find her friend Maya who has been kidnapped . The other characters in the game are good . This game is great because it is a little bit different from the other ones . The start of the game has you watch a kind of movie that tells you what the story is and you realize what the mystery is and that is very excited . My mom did n't play the game but she thought it was really good when I had her look at things or needed help .
 My son -LRB- age 9 -RRB- and I play the Nancy Drew games together . All the games are fun . They are mystery games in which you have to find clues to help Nancy solve the mystery . The details are great and the people look more and more realistic . The game does not look cheesy or cheap . There is a help feature . You can use the telephone in the game to ask your friends questions if you are stumped . But , they do n't give you the answer . They give you hints about what to do next or what to find . There are some different levels you can choose before starting the game . -LRB- Junior , Senior , Master -RRB- The box says it is for girls age 10 and up . In my opinion , these fun mystery games are for anyone , any age . The Final Scene is about a movie set in which one of the stars gets threats and you have to find clues and talk to people to help solve the mystery . We usually spend about an hour a day playing the game . It lasts for about 2 weeks this way . The game is done very thoroughly and well done.As with all Nancy Drew games this one is a hit . Also , The Final Scene was a bit more tricky than some others . Keep in mind that if you are a first time Nancy Drew gamer then you 'll be a little confused in the beginning . Once you play one you 'll have the `` Nancy Drew knowledge '' to play the rest . Basically the people speak to you and you go find clues and use the telephone for help . Pay attention to all details in objects and clues because you might need the information for a code/project later in the game . If you like mysteries and finding clues then you will love this game . After you 've got some experience , try playing Nancy Drew - Haunted Mansion ... our favorite . A couple years ago we bought Haunted Mansion and have been playing Nancy Drew games ever since . We 've played them all besides the newest one ... Moon Dogs . HAVE FUN !
 ... Someone just climbed out of my wardrobe . '' I laughed out loud when the Simone , one of the colorful characters in this game , said that . I am totally addicted to these games , and HerInteractive just keeps pumping them out and making them better and better . It 's interesting that some people criticized it for being too easy ... others for being too hard . I guess it depends on what things you 're good at . I was very happy that this game did not include one of those sliding tiles puzzles -LRB- like Secrets Can Kill and Message in a Haunted Mansion -RRB- as I 'm terrible at those puzzles . Also , I was pleased that the part where you have to solve two puzzles to get to a particular thing remained solved , so that you do n't have to solve those puzzles again to get in there the next time -LRB- unlike the wall panel in Nancy 's bedroom in Message in a Haunted Mansion , among others -RRB- . Also , like in Treasure in the Royal Tower , Ned , Bess and George are actually useful and give good hints -LRB- Another funny thing was when asking for Bess and George for help after doing the game on the `` Senior Detective '' level , they gave some sassy answer about finding it out on my own , being that I 'm a senior detective ... I applaud the increasing sense of humor in the games -RRB- . In any event , I do love all of these games and I thank HerInteractive for giving me hours of shared fun with my daughter -LRB- I 'm a 40-year old man , and I love these games at least as much as she does -RRB- .
 There 's a series of Nancy Drew detective stories out . These are great games for any puzzle solver in your life , young or old , male or female!In this installment , Nancy Drew is in St Louis to visit a friend , Maya . Her friend is kidnapped , and Nancy has three days to help rescue her before a theater is torn down - perhaps with Maya inside it!I was very encouraged to find Nancy done as an intelligent young woman who was still very realistic . Other games involving female heroines , like The Longest Journey and Syberia , tend to make them ` girly ' and bubble-headed . This definitely is n't the case with Nancy . Nancy loves to chat with her friends and boyfriend , and shows her youth , but she also has a level head and intelligence.The game is on a relatively small map , so you 're not trekking around from world to world . You get to know the theater quite well , and the few people that you deal with . On one hand this is good , because you do n't have hours of wandering back and forth to do . On the other hand , this can get frustrating . You 've already talked to the main people involved ... but suddenly after doing one trigger action they 've vanished , or have thought up something new to say ? And you do n't ask the obvious questions like ` where were you ? ' until much later ? So you end up wandering around the theater , going back to every single room , going to talk to every person , multiple times until they move into their ` next stage ' of conversation.I played at the senior level , but found most of the puzzles extremely easy . The two puzzles I did n't solve immediately were both incredibly annoying . In one , I read the manual several times and tried everything I could think of to get the pieces to spin . I must have clicked on the pieces hundreds of times . But apparently I was n't clicking on the piece in the exact right spot , and my boyfriend had to fight with it for a while before chancing on that . In the second sticker , I had a PDA with a secret code required to get into it . I had a wallet full of numbers including the character 's boyfriend 's birthday . I tried for eons to get various codes to work . The ending solution was a totally random one . In both cases I was very frustrated to have wasted so much time for that solution.I actually lived in St Louis for a year , and my then-boyfriend worked at Wash U near a building they mention . I was impressed that they did their research well , mentioning streets and areas that exist around there . Unfortunately my ex in real life turned out to be pretty slimy , so during the game I was rooting for him to be caught in the theater when it collapsed :-RRB- It was both fun and bizarre to have all sorts of very recognizeable St Louis references come up in the story.The scenes are very lovely , but they 're all static . Unlike most modern day games that let you walk through an area smoothly , in this one you 're restricted to moving through a ` picture book ' of scenes , where you can only turn to certain angles . This made it frustrating when I wanted to go to a certain door or look a certain way . Often I had to circle around a few times to get pointed in the direction I wanted , or the game prevented me from looking at the object I wanted to see . Some drawers would open , others were magically withheld from you . It took away from the sense that you were really `` there '' . Still , except for the few nasty puzzles , the majority of the game was very pleasant , and lasted maybe 5-6 hours . If you have a walkthrough guide within reach while you play , you can enjoy the rest of the experience sort of like an ` animated story book ' , and it 's great practice for the more advanced puzzle games that exist out there .
 I have played every single Nancy Drew game and I have to say that ` Final Scene ' is without a doubt the best . This game kept me on the edge of my seat ! I am an aunt of 9 nieces and you can bet what they are getting for Christmas . They think these games rock too . Well done !
 In this game , Nancy Drew has to find her friend Maya Nguyen who was kidnapped and is kept in an old theater to be knocked down in 3 days . There are several secret passageways , trapdoors , and puzzles all over . I was completely stumped on one of the puzzles.Hints :1 . There are 4 ways to get kicked out of the game , so be careful .2 . Search every room carefully , or you will miss an important clue .3 . Talk to EVERYONE several times . Who knows what they might tell you ? 4 . Think hard when you do the puzzles - it 's easy to get stuck ! 5 . You will be stunned when you find out who the kidnapper is .6 . At the end of the game , THINK QUICK !
 `` Nancy Drew
 I 've played all the Nancy Drew games and like this one the best . You see , Nancy has to help find her friend Maya who has been kidnapped . The other characters in the game are good . This game is great because it is a little bit different from the other ones . The start of the game has you watch a kind of movie that tells you what the story is and you realize what the mystery is and that is very excited . My mom did n't play the game but she thought it was really good when I had her look at things or needed help .
 I love this game series ! It 's over the edge excitement where you get to intervine with the characters . It did not interest me before I was 10 , but now that I 'm 11 , it 's the best . I absoloutley love The Final Scene . It was my first ND mystery . So far I have also done Treasure in the Royal Tower -LRB- ok -RRB- , Haunted Carousel and Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake . I love how you get to go outside in Ghost Dogs , it 's creepy , it 's great ! What can I say , I 'm hooked !
 This game is so fun ! For those of you who have played Nancy Drew games , you know that these games always combine a perfect amount of suspense , puzzle solving , thinking , and fun ! These games make you want to keep playing , to see what will happen next ! This game is no different.The game starts out as you , Nancy , are going with your friend , Maya , to do an interview . Maya goes in , and you are outside the door . All of a sudden , you hear a scream ! This is when Nancy starts to investigate.Nancy needs to search for clues , talk to people , and even make a few phone calls . This game is so fun and interactive . For those of you having trouble figuring out what happens next , you can look up hints on the web . And do n't worry , you 'll still feel good when you have figured out the mystery.The games are a great compliment to the books , making you feel as though you really were Nancy Drew !!! If you like the books , I recommend the games , and this one is one of my favorites !
 This one is really cool but TRT was my fav . this one has an easyer plot to explain and is alot harder than most . My best friend -LRB- who solve all of them w / me -RRB- liked this one . Nancy 's friend , Maya Nuygen -LRB- pronounced When -RRB- goes to see the premire Vanishing destiny , in the Royal Pallidium Thetere which is going to be demolished in 3 days , W / nancy and to interview the Star Brady -LRB- Ch -RRB- Armstrong for her College newspaper . when she goes into the dressindg room you suddently hear AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH !!! NANCY !!! HELP !!!! she has just been kidnapped . The characters are ; Brady -LRB- ch -RRB- Armstrong -LRB- an actor the ch makes it Charmstrong which all the people who do n't like him call him -RRB- Simone Muller -LRB- an African American woman , Brady 's agent -RRB- Nicholis Falcone -LRB- the leader of Had It , humans against the destruction of illustrious theaters -RRB- Joseph -LRB- the projection room older guy who is really nice , or is he ? -RRB- Maya -LRB- kidnapped friend you ca n't talk to her -RRB- In this game you play a card switching game and another one which is hard to explain . You find 6 secret passageways ,3 lead to the Magician 's room , 1 passage way between dressing rooms and another into the room above the projection roomThis is pretty hard and I had to go to the hints websit 3 times . the game is divided into 3 days each equalling about 5 hours . you find diff stuff each day and you can get kicked out once and killed 3 times , but you have to be really dumb tio get killed . you get threats from the kidnapper threatening to kill Maya if you do n't stop the demolition . really intence and cool . HINT ; gum is sticky and a baton is long , put together andyouget , a long sticky stick to grab somethind that is out of reachP.S . I 'm really 13
 This game was just awesome ! The music created an eerie feel and the plot was very intersting . However , the puzzles were not that challeging and the graphics were n't great . But any ND fan would want this on their shelf !
 I have to explain that review title of mine . Through most of the game I was a bit frustrated because I had a really hard time getting things to progress . However , once I 'd reached the ending and saved Nancy 's friend , I felt extremely accomplished.So yes , there are times when you 'll think you 've done everything , but you need to do that ONE thing to get the next event to trigger and you ca n't for the life of you figure out what it is . My advice is the same advice that you 'll get for all the other games
 This is the first Nancy Drew game and is still my favorite -LRB- nearly tied with Treasure in the Royal Tower -RRB- . Here 's a breakdown of what I thought : Graphics
 Bought this for my teenage girls who have all the other Nancy Drew games . They love these and this was bought as a replacement to one they owned that was never returned after being lent out years ago . Even though they had played it a long time ago , they got right into playing it over when it arrived . Came quickly also .
 A night at the movies turns into a nightmare for Nancy Drew when the final premiere at the Royal Palladium becomes a disappearing act for a friend . The historic theater will be demolished in just three days , and Nancy 's sure her friend Maya is being held captive inside as ransom for the building ! Is it a publicity stunt or a misguided scheme ? Nancy must race against the clock to find Maya and expose a kidnapper who grows more desperate with each day 's delay ... Explore behind the scenes of a huge , spooky theater where danger , secret halls , and trapdoors lurk . Succes is in the cards when you solve a magician 's puzzle to gain clues and information , or get out of a pinch . Stay sharp for clues everywhere you go , and make no concession to false leads that suspects may feed you along the way . Never let down your guard-every prop in this old theater may hold a trick within a trick . Trust no one but yourself-everyone 's a suspect when a friend 's life is at stake , and each one wants to sway you from the truth .
 I 've played all the Nancy Drew games , and think this is the best one so far . Like most of the Nancy games you explore a mysterious , often creepy environment , and pickup interesting facts along the way . There are always little surprises , that might make you flinch a little , when they pop up . And do n't forget if you 're in a pinch to use a lifeline and phone a friend!The Graphics are very good on the Nancy games , and offer enough challenges to keep older players interested , while not overwhelming younger players at the same time.I really like the diversity offered in the Nancy Drew games , it 's nice to see people of all different backgrounds represented , something usually lacking in most other games.With the book and necklace this collectors set would make a great gift for any Nancy fan , or is a nice way to introduce new players to the Nancy games.Can ' t wait for the next one !
 The past two games have been nothing short of amazing , and after two excellent installments , some gamers may wonder if the Nancy Drew games might not ever be able to keep up their awesome quality for long . While I preferred `` Message in a Haunted Mansion '' and `` Treasure in the Royal Tower , `` The Final Scene '' is truly an incredible mystery game in which Nancy 's case becomes more personal than ever . It is the first -LRB- and for a long time , only -RRB- game to employ kidnapping as a plot device . With this solid game , the Nancy Drew games continue to offer worthwhile gaming with complex puzzles , awesome characters , great suspense , and amazing plots with this next worthwhile installment.Nancy Drew has met up with her high school friend , Maya Nguyen , in St. Louis . Maya is currently scheduling an interview with famous actor Brady Armstrong at the Royal Palladium Theatre , which is scheduled to be demolished three days after `` The Final Scene '' begins . Armstrong 's latest film will be the last ever screened at this historical theatre , and the press is all over both the movie and the scheduled demolition . That is , they were , until Maya Nguyen entered Brady 's dressing room and disappears . After a threatening call from Maya 's captor , Nancy discovers that Maya 's fate is now tied with the theatre . The police refuse to believe that Maya is being held hostage in the building , even though evidence Nancy finds indicates otherwise . It 's now up to Nancy to save Maya from a crazed kidnapper bent on saving the theatre from demolition before Maya is crushed along with the building itself ... The setting was fantastic . I loved being able to explore this theatre , which looks very old and run-down , despite the fact that it 's still standing . Everything in the theatre is very beautifully detailed . While Nancy ca n't explore outside of the theatre building , the building itself is very exploreable . Even after playing it several times , I remain amazed with how many secret passageways and rooms Nancy finds throughout the course of this game.The quality of the game was very good . I rather enjoyed all of the puzzles , and none of them were too hard for me . The final few were challenging , but not impossible . Overall , this game ships on wonderful quality.The characters were very nicely integrated . None were out of place , and all had solid reason to be the kidnapper . I honestly had hardly any idea who the kidnapper would be until the very end -LRB- though I did think one suspect was likely innocent , and I was right about that -RRB- . The suspects include Brady Armstrong , the actor Maya was supposed to be interviewing , his controlling agent , Simone Mueller , Nick Falcone , a political activist bent on saving historical sights from destruction , and Joseph Hughes , the elderly caretaker of the theatre.The music in the game was fantastic , as it always is . The soundtrack included some catchy tunes that played in the background while exploring the theatre , to adrenaline-rushing haunts that sounded on and on whenever Nancy found herself in grave danger . There was also a lot of music that held onto that `` mystery aura '' played whenever Nancy was deep in the middle of immense exploration . I would definitely say that the Nancy Drew games so far deserve exceptional fame for their soundtracks , as this is the fifth wonderful soundtrack in a row.Despite my preference of `` Message in a Haunted Mansion '' and `` Treasure in the Royal Tower '' , `` The Final Scene '' is certainly a great installment to the Nancy Drew series and a fun way to pass time . It 's a must-have for any fan of the Nancy Drew series , or even of mystery games in general . Though there are a few setbacks , the final scene is worth catching !
 I started playing `` The Final Scene '' in order to help my ten-year-old daughter make it through some of the challenging spots . This game is somewhat different from the others in its more limited space ; unfortunately , a young child can quickly lose interest after exhausting their available clues.Even when selecting the `` junior sleuth '' mode , there are times when you wonder what to do next . I must admit that I had to access the community forums on the Her Interactive web site to get a little help.My daughter was also drawn to the clues -LRB- finding them exciting -RRB- to the expense of paying attention to the story line -LRB- dialogs , etc. -RRB- . There were times she completed a day 's work without having much of an idea of what really happened ! This is entirely possible in `` The Final Scene . `` On the other hand , these are exceptional games with exciting interaction . I quickly found myself hooked ! Now , we ca n't wait to `` Do the Drew ! ''
 This game was exciting . I 'm not really one for games that make me nervous and this one did . I was too much of a whimp to play it myself because it is so life like and makes you feel like you 're actually in the game , but I watched my brother play it -LRB- he wanted to know why I did n't want to play it so he played it -RRB- . It really was a good game .
 The Final Scene is another Nancy Drew game I beat . Your friend Maya Nguyen is kidnapped , and you have a deadline of 3 days to find her , before the Royal Palladium theater gets knocked down ! But do n't worry , the days only change when you get to a certain part in the game ! I give this game 5 stars , it is awsome !
 this is awesome !!!!!!!! but i have to say it made me feel like a bad detective i ca n't figure out how to switch the tape before the cops come !!!!! well the theater has the most detail i have seen in any of these games and if brady was real he 'd be so cute.even my mom is confused by this one !!! well we 'll figure it out someday and you probably will figure it out faster but the back stage and stage and seating graphics are magnificantly amazing !
 The ending of this game was really surprising ! Oh my goodness , you would never GUESS who the culprit was ! Otherwise , this game is great . Why ? There is a lot of action and so many surprises ! The setting is in an old theater . There are lots of secret rooms and passages , you know what I 'm saying ? The graphics are first class . Buy one today . Believe me , IT IS WORTH THE MONEY . There are discouraging moments , but none of the puzzles are hard ! -LRB- I was playing on junior detective -RRB- Please let me know if my review was helpful or not . Thanks !
 Both of my girls -LRB- ages 9 and 12 -RRB- love this one BUT it is the scariest of the Nancy Drew computer games because of the imminent death by wrecking ball . Based on my experience with the N.Y. soap opera Nancy Drew game , I allowed my 9 year-old and her friend play it in the evening . We had an overnight guest too frightened to sleep .
 I 'm always looking for fun things to do together with my daughter -LRB- age 10 -RRB- , and this game sure fills the bill . We played it over the long Thanksgiving weekend , and it kept us on the edge of our seats the whole time . My husband actually joined in too , after he came in to see what all the laughing and shrieking was about . I 'm getting my daughter one of the other Nancy Drew games for Christmas -LRB- or am I getting it for me ? -RRB-
 The Final scene is really great , when I bought it , I rush to my room to play it ; it 's is really fun ! Through it did n't beat my favourite one , Message at the Haunted Mansion , partly because sometimes it is hard I got stumped , and even sometimes , I do n't know what to do ! When I got stumped , I always visit the website for help . BUT I am still STUCK at Day 3 for now ! I RECOMMED this to anyone who loves solving a good mystery .
 Nancy 's friend is kidnapped and held hostage . Nancy is in a race against time to locate and rescue her friend before the building is destroyed , with her friend STILL IN IT ! ... Reviewed by Detra Fitch .
 This game is great with the funny humor . You solve the mystery in a * darkened * movie theater . That 's why I gave it two stars . It was WAY to dark . You pretty much ca n't see anything ! But the rest was GREAT !!!
 I played Nancy Drew the Final Scene and I have to say it was awesome!It is in 3d and the graphics are spectacular!a great game , a must play
 The Final Scene is the 5th game in the Nancy Drew mystery series . This game takes place at the Royal Palladium Theatre where actor Brady Armstrong is to premire his new movie , `` Vanishing Destiny '' . You , as girl detective Nancy Drew , have gone to the premeire with your good high-school friend , Maya Nguyen , who is there to interview Brady Armstrong about the new movie . However , after only a short time there , Maya goes missing ! She has been kidnapped!You have only 3 days to save Maya ! Can you do it ? I did ! I highly recommend you buy this game so you can save Maya too !
 I love this game but i think the whole magic thing is a little weird.Also when I played the game the music was spooky.I did n't like it so i just turned it down.But all in all it 's a great and challenging game !
 If you like a thriller this is it this one is great I have played all the games cant wait for next one . get this you will love it lots of puzzles to solve and people to talk to
 The Final Scene was the best of the Nancy Drew games we tried . The suspense builds as you sneak around an old , soon-to-be demolished theater . There are lots of puzzles to solve so take good notes along the way . Do n't trust anyone . Sometimes you get stuck and ca n't seem to go any further , then a new clue pops up and you suddenly find a secret passageway or a message that leads you to new parts of the story . Some interesting magic tricks are revealed along the way.The ending is a thriller , complete with scary music and sound effects . There is a real sense of accomplishment when you solve the crime . Buy this one if you want to experiment with the series ... it was the most fun . Beware of other family members lurking nearby when you play ... they may end up taking over because the suspense makes it so irresistable . This is a great way to spend a weekend or holiday with your daughters .
 First , I have to say that I am 35 years old , and I still love these Nancy Drew games ! I had read all of the books in this series when I was a kid , so when I saw that there were computer games based on the books , I just had to try them out . Now I 'm hooked!One of the best features of these particular games is that you get to choose the level of difficulty -LRB- although I suggest that regardless of your age , you start at the beginner level , as these games are harder than you would first imagine -RRB- . Another wonderful feature is the graphics - you easily get drawn into the story line , and feel as if you 're Nancy Drew , teen detective.This particular game is divided into 3 days , and you must solve certain puzzles before you can move on . This is different from most other N.D. games , as they are usually more free-flowing - but there is a reason for this , and it 's part of the story line.I do n't want to tell you too much , as I do n't want to spoil the fun , but suffice it to say that there is a great twist at the end ... If you loved reading Nancy Drew in your younger years , or you are enjoying them as a `` young adult '' now , you will absolutely love playing these games !
 Ok I 've played and finished all the games and am awaiting the new one . These games are great !!! They are suspenseful and fun for girls 10 & up . The Final Scene is one of my favorites . I reccomend Ghost dogs of moon lake , Secret of Shadow Ranch and I also liked Danger on Deception Island . If you like puzzles and mysteries , you 'll like Nancy Drew computer games .
 I think this one was a really good game ! Very enjoyable . It had a couple of pretty hard puzzles and some pretty scary events . TURN DOWN YOUR SPEAKERS !!! Haha . The plot was good and despite the fact that you 're couped up in an old theater , there 's lots to explore and it 's pretty fun ! It 's not that hard to find out who the culprit is though . At least , not for me . Good graphics , better than the previous games . Always worth buying and playing this game , of course ! : -RRB-
 My 7 year old daughter and I played this together . The graphics are great . The object is to find your kidnapped friend . There are two levels - junior or senior detective . We played as senior detectives . It was challenging at times , there were no clues at what to do next . I found myself searching the internet for clues -LRB- the manufacturer actually provides a bulletin board for the game if you get stuck -RRB- . If you make a mistake , the game ends , but there is s second chance button you can use -LRB- more than once -RRB- to continue where you left off.I found it hard to move where I wanted to go at times . The cursor has to be placed just so and it limits your view.I liked the game , but I liked Message in the Haunted Mansion better . My daughter liked them both . With the internet help , our total play time was about 7-8 hours , and the time we spent was fun and entertaining .
 Someone wrote that the ` stupid company ' wants gamers to buy the solution guide -LRB- that might be true -- probably is -RRB- but there is an excellent message board where you can ask and answer questions about the game you are having trouble with . If you are a child or teenager , there is no reason to think you might have trouble on the message board . The giving and asking of personal information is not allowed and the rules are enforced .
 This game had great graphics and plenty of things for you to do ! Still this game was short because you only have 3 days ! It 's pressuring , scary , and hard ! I 'd say it 's one of the hardest Nancy Drew games ! I only liked 1 character in this game though ... still it 's a mystery you JUST HAVE to solve!The story-Nancy Drew has bumped into her old high school friend , Maya Nguyen , who was about to do an interview with the charming Brady Armstrong , actor . But something goes terribly wrong . Just as Maya steps into the room for the interview , someone kidnaps her ! The kidnapper threatens to take Maya down with the theater that is being demolished in 3 days unless Nancy stops the demolishion . Nancy is now compelled to crack the amazingly hard puzzle ! As she works to uncover the mystery , she meets new suspects such as Brady Armstrong , an amazingly cocky actor , Nick , a young man trying to save the building , Simone , a rude acting agent , and Joseph , an old employee in the projection room . Nancy soon discovers , within the little time she has , secrets from each character and things she never thought would happen !
 After playing mystery in a haunted mansion , i bought this . it was more difficult than i expected , and not as many places to explore as the haunted mansion game . however , it was still very fun . also , i finished it within two nights , which was dissapointing , because i looked forward to playing for a week or two . but the characters were very interesting and misleading ... so i didnt know who did it until the very end . overall , it was a good game
 The Nancy Drew Mystery Games from Her Interactive are superb , and everything , from the graphics to the mystery , just keeps getting better and better.The graphics in this game are realistic and detailed , from spilled popcorn to projector gears.The characters are excellent , and Nancy 's responses can be humorous.All together , this mystery weaves a suspenseful tale of excitement , danger , and -LRB- of course -RRB- mystery.I highly recommend this game and all other Nancy Drew Mystery Games .
 I 've played all the Nancy Drew games , and think this is the best one so far . Like most of the Nancy games you explore a mysterious , often creepy environment , and pickup interesting facts along the way . There are always little surprises , that might make you flinch a little , when they pop up . And do n't forget if you 're in a pinch to use a lifeline and phone a friend!The Graphics are very good on the Nancy games , and offer enough challenges to keep older players interested , while not overwhelming younger players at the same time.I really like the diversity offered in the Nancy Drew games , it 's nice to see people of all different backgrounds represented , something usually lacking in most other games.With the book and necklace this collectors set would make a great gift for any Nancy fan , or is a nice way to introduce new players to the Nancy games.Can ' t wait for the next one !
 This was my first game and i love it . it took me while and it has very intersting trist to it you will be surpirsed by the games are not that hard . i was busy did n't have time to played my neice and I played together she is very smart the children will love it for chrismas
 this is one of my favorite nancy drew games -LRB- ghost dogs of moon lake being on the top also -RRB- . The puzzles are such brain strainers but you can still figure them out . The plot is really exciting and i loove the setting of the whole story . Its exciting till the very end and i think you 'll love it if you buy it
 In this ND Game , Nancy is visiting her friend Maya in St. Louis . The mystery takes place at the little old Royal Paladium Theater . The theater was built in 1925 originally as a magic show building and was turned into a movie house in the 50s . However , the last screening movie `` Vanishing Destiny `` s star , Brady , is to be interviewed by Maya 3 days before the theater will be torn down . But when Maya is kidnapped , it is a race against time as you -LRB- Nancy Drew -RRB- have to find her in a mere 3 days !!!!! This game is challenging , and involves you using your best detective skills . This game is great !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is very cool . It has awesome graphics ... they almost look real . This game is full of unique characters who are all suspicious in their own way . You play the role of Nancy Drew , and you get to search for clues as to who is guitly . This game has two levels
 This is the second best Nancy Drew game that I have played . The setting is in an old theater . You are trying to find who kidnapped your friend reporter , Maya Nguyen , because she dissapeared in Brady Armstrongs dressing room . You only have three days to do it before the theater is knocked down . I loved this game . It has very many surprises along the way . The puzzles are easier than most Nancy Drew games . Thanks for reading my review .
 This is the second Nancy Drew game that I 've played -LRB- Treasure in the Royal Tower was my first -RRB- I thought this game was good , but not nearly as good as the other one . There are n't nearly as many places to explore , and I finished this game pretty quickly , while the other one took me days and days . It 's also not nearly as exciting as the other one . Overall though , I would reccomend it ... but it 's a letdown from the previous game I played .
 Very interesting game , separated in 3 parts -LRB- days -RRB- . Fun to play . Like reading a mistery book , but actually plaing it !! : -RRB- For kids and adults . Nice graphics and details .
 The fifth Nancy Drew Interactive Mystery , ` The Final Scene , ' was very entertaining and challenging ; 10 times better than the book . Nancy 's mission , however , is much more desperate
 Her Interactive has done it again ! The Final Scene is amazing!The graphics are colorful ! The characters are great ! The mystery is wonderful . Anyone who has ever read Nancy Drew or played her games should buy this . The Final Scene is glowing !
 I got this as a Christmas gift , and at first I thought it sounded good , but I did n't know if I would finish it . I finished it , and I played it again ! I liked the way the music sounded , very jazzy , old-fashioned and carnivalish at times . The 3D graphics were good , the theater looked realistic , the characters were flavorful . It 's rated E for everyone , but it says `` ages ten and up '' on the thing . And rightfully so . I 'm almost thirteen and I thought some of the parts were spooky or tense and my heart was beating fast . Still , I liked this game .
 I loved this game ! It was really challenging and interesting . I really liked searching around the `` castle . '' IO would have to say this game is my favorite of all the three that I have !
 this is the best game out of the series so far , i deffinatly think its worth the 20 bucks !!!! ^_^
 This computer game , Nancy Drew Treasure In The Royal Tower , is my favorite computer game . It is totally action packed , and I would more than recommend it to ANYONE who loves mysteries and good problem solving puzzles . If possible , I would give this game a 10 out of 5 stars !
 This was a very good game . It was an improvement since the first game , `` Secrets Can Kill '' , also by HerInteractive . This game was challenging and fun , and can be played numerous times . Everytime you play , you can find something new that you never noticed before . I 'm glad I bought this game .
 I thought that this was the best Nancy Drew game yet and it kept me glued to the computer for hours . I was really disapointed when I realized that I had finished the game but it was also very satisfiing . I would highly recomend this game to anyone who loves mystery and adventure . I loved it !!
 My friend and I own all of the other Nancy Drew games and want to buy number 5 when it comes out . We 've played all of them and they 're all fun but this one is the most fun because there are so many places to go and so many riddles/puzzles to solve . There are also lots and lots of places to explore . This game is so good it deserves 5 stars so thats what I rated it !
 I have played all the Nancy Drew games and each game gets better and better ! Treasure in the Royal Tower is mysterious , historical , funny , and fun . The game is set in Wisconsin , but there is a ` royal ' tower there . The man who built the castle had Marie Antoinette 's tower imported from France . The characters can be humorous and Nancy 's replies are amusing and can be focused on the case or even flirtatious . There are dangerous situations and the graphics are wonderful . I absolutely recommend Treasure in the Royal Tower !
 this is the best game ! i havent got any others except Message in a Haunted Mansion but i havent played it yet but i really recomend this game to anyone who wants a mystery or a challenge and to have fun ! at times the music and noise is very scary but youll get used to it i really recommnd it so go ahead and by it !
 My sons and their friends , also boys , had a great time with this game . It 's too bad that it is marketed and designed for just girls , because it is a wonderful , challenging mystery game for all ; even some adults get hooked , yes , men too . There is no reason why boys will not enjoy this mystery adventure ! Maybe the Hardy Boys will come out with a version . Until then I 'm going to buy more Nancy Drew software at the request of my sons .
 I loved playing this game sooooooo much !!!!! I have all of the other Nancy Drew games but this was the best !!!!!!
 this was my first one to solve and i loved it i enjoyed being a bellhop for professor hotchkis or whoever she was and everyone there will lighted up and be pleasant once you start helping them and figure out the mystery of the vandalized library . and there are hidden secrets about everyone there once you open every door and read every book . plus check out that elevator ceiling that 's your only way into the library but careful for people `` checking '' on the library and listen to everything because professor hotchkis is most helpful she knows the resorts history !! good luck !!!!
 Hi I am a thirteen year old girl . I loved the Nancy Drew books sence a year ago . I have read all the Nancy Drew orignals . I have just started playing the games . This one is one of my favorites . I love the way it is layed out . I am very inpressed with the game . I love to act so i think that is also a reason . The game is not too chalenging and not to easy . I can help anyone with this game . If you have questions just go to mysterynet.com There you can get help with any of the games . See you there !
 My 11-year-old daughter recently received her copy of the Nancy Drew - Treasure in the Royal Tower , and the whole family -LRB- including her four brothers -RRB- are fascinated by it.The graphics and characters in this game are very realistic , and the built-in hints are just enough to keep her moving along in the mystery . As a parent , I am glad to see these games geared toward girls , since it seems like many of the games are more suited for the boys . It improves her `` computer confidence '' as she masters the skills needed to solve the mystery.This is my daughter 's second game in this series . She had received the previous game in the series , Message in a Haunted Mansion , for Christmas last year , and she loved every minute of it.It may be from `` Her '' Interactive , but the whole family loves this game . Her five siblings like to gather around the computer and watch as she makes her way through the spooky old castle , interviewing potential suspects and solving the puzzles.We ca n't wait for the next one !
 Well , the awesome folks at HER Interactive have done it again . This time , Nancy Drew is snowed in at a modern-day castle in Wisconsin . She 'll meet some strange people , sneak through creepy secret passages , and find beautiful trinkets and treasures ... not without the usual dangers , of course ... Nancy Drew ca n't really avoid those . There will always be an evil villain trying to do her in . But hey , it 's all in good fun . If you 've played the other Nancy Drew games , this is more of the same . Most similar to `` Message In A Haunted Mansion '' -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , this game offers puzzles that are similar to puzzles in the first 3 games , but with one or two totally original ones . Other than a few surprises , there 's nothing in here that 's really superior to the other games ; I 'd say they are all pretty equal . Still , another Nancy Drew adventure is a good time waiting to happen . It took me about 12 hours to complete on the junior level , though the box claims it can take you 20 . So ... take your time , take the 20 , and have fun , this game is great . Keep em coming !
 This game has it all . What I call a real adventure . You wander through the castle finding all the hidden rooms , stairways , and dark places.In playing this game , I found that you can talk with interesting game people that made you feel as through you were really part of the adventure and not just interacting with a keyboard.As a 76 year old who grew up with the Nancy Drew series of novels , I believe this game should be rated as one of the great ones.I feel that this game would be suited for daughters , mothers , grandmothers , and even great grandmothers like myself.I have all of the current Nancy Drew adventures and am looking forward to new ones !
 It seemed like a long period between NANCY DREW MESSAGE IN A HAUNTED MANSION and ` TREASURE ' , but the wait was worth it ! This adventure finds Nancy on a ski vacation where the hotel is a former old castle . That setting and the fact a snow blizzard has forced everyone to stay inside means lots of mystery and intrigue going on within the stone walls of this gigantic building . Hallways that lead nowhere , walls that have been enclosed and a history crying to be discovered ! As any Nancy Drew fan knows ... discovering anything is what she does best!As with the other Nancy Drew games , this one provides hours of fun for the whole family . We did n't hurry through it ... just took our time and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves . What do we do with the Nancy Drew games when we 're done ? Send them on to other family members to enjoy as well , and it 's not just girls and their parents that solve the mysteries but , even older boys in the family love each and every Nancy Drew -LRB- though I doubt they would admit it to their friends . -RRB- As always , now we sit back and wait for `` Her Interactive '' to come up with a new game for those of us addicted to the Nancy Drew mysteries .
 This game is my favorite Nancy Drew game , by far . I am older than most who play these games -LRB- I have daughters who love ND games ! -RRB- , but I do n't have alot of extra time , and I do n't enjoy too much violence or spookiness . These games are fun , but also make you think about things a little differently in order to solve the puzzles and situations that Nancy finds herself in . These games teach great critical thinking skills , for those parents out there who are n't quite sure about them.This particular game takes place in an old hotel/ski resort , in the middle of a terrible snow storm . There are so many different places to go , and different types of puzzles to solve . I recommend it for people of all ages looking for some good , clean fun , but who do n't have months to dedicate to solving it .
 I am a a29 year old mom , who 's been a Nancy Drew fan forever . My 7 year old son and I can sit for hours trying to figure out the clues , and find our way down the secret passages . This game is the most fun I 've had in a long time , and is a must , not just for girl sleuths , but for boys and grown up Nancy Drew fans alike . It really makes those pages of the popular books come to life , and I 'm hoping I get another title for my birthday !
 Treasure in the Royal Tower is one of the best computer games I ever played . This is a great starter Nancy Drew game for starting off because it 's not too hard nor too easy . If you want a really easy game try the Haunted Carousel.The story goes that you , as Nancy Drew , are snowed in at a ski resort in Wisconsin with an interesting history . In this game you learn about the French Revolution and Marie Antoinette . `` So , what 's the mystery ? '' you ask . I 'm getting to that.There is a tower shipped over from France and was put back together on Wickford Castle , the ski resort you are staying at . The library at Wickford has been vandalized , and it takes a lot more than barging through the front door to investigate . Later , you hear about Marie Antoinette having a crown worth millions and somehow you figure that the library and treasure are connected . Your job is to find out the story behind the treasure and library.This game took me about four days to beat . It 's quite challenging in parts , like the ski lift , but you can get through it . It 's also a little frightening , like the banging noises , but not too frightening that you never want to play it again , like the Final Scene . All in all , Treasure in the Royal Tower is a great game and everyone should buy it .
 Nancy Drew arrives at Wickford Castle to ski , when a blizzard hits ! While you 're locked in , you explore the castle and meet some interesting suspects , Dexter , the co-owner , always wants you to run errands for him , and seems sort of grumpy , could he be hiding a secret about the castles history ? Lisa , a photo journalist , too friendly ? And if she 's a photo journalist , where 's the camara ? Professer Hotchkiss , she never leaves her room , and never seems to want to talk , is she hiding something ? Jacues Brunais , ski instructer , only works from 9am to 12pm and 2pm to 5pm , where is he the rest of the time ? Explore the castle , and find secret passage ways , solve puzzles , and find the Treasure in the Royal Tower !
 The Her Interactive Nancy Drew games have improved with each new release . Nancy Drew Treasure in the Royal Tower is the perfect combination of mystery and complications . The puzzles on the Junior level are n't so hard , that they drive you crazy , but not so easy that you scoff . The mystery is intriguing and exciting . Each suspect was more suspicious as the game went on , and only the smoothest of detectives will be able to predict who is the culprit!This mystery has less holes then Secrets can Kill , and each new clue leads to the next . It has the excellent case of ` Mansion ' and the complex characters of Stay Tuned for Danger . I rarely found myself at a loss for places to go or people to talk to.A true Nancy Drew mystery , with everything from sneaking into a locked up room , to questioning the suspects about everything ! Bess , George and Ned are always there to help you , though sometimes they BOTH -LRB- Bess and George are together on George 's phone -RRB- give you the same hint . Be observant and stay on your toes ... you never know , that little out of place panel or odd door , may lead you to the successful ending to the case!Hint
 This is a great computer game overall . It is my very favorite out of all I have played . You are trapped inside an inn that has a French secret and you are anxious to find what it is . The culprit is somewhere in the castle , and you have many suspects - they all look quite suspicious to me . From Jaques and Lisa not talking , to fifty chicken drumsticks , to Dexter 's strange history - this game is challenging ! I recommend it to you . The castle may be long , but once you get used to it , it is a breeze . Basically , at first glance you do n't think this game has a problem . But it does . Someone even bonkes you on the head at one point !
 Okay , I 'll admit it . I 'm old enough to be Nancy Drew 's grandmother , but I still liked this game . It was challenging enough -LRB- on `` senior '' detective level -RRB- to keep an experienced gamester like me satisfied , and I enjoyed the lack of gore and foul language which seems to be mandatory for most games today.The graphics were very good , and the plot was interesting -LRB- you can read all the stuff about Marie Antoinette if you want a history lesson , or skip it and go for the mystery -RRB- . It was a bit `` confining '' since almost all the action takes place in the one castle , but at least you get to go outdoors a couple of times.All in all , a nice game to spend a few hours on -- good enough for me to get others in the series .
 This is the best Nancy Drew game made so far . You as Nancy Drew are staying at wickford castle home of Marie Antionettes tower -LRB- all the way from France -RRB- . You meet Dexter , the care taker who has a dark secret of his own -LRB- while the owner is away -RRB- , Lisa , the photojournalist with many secrets up her sleave , Proffeser Hotchkiss , Would do anything to to prove Marie 's inocent , and Jaque , a very cute olympic siker but is there more to him then you see ? I would suggest that you get it cause theres a lot of places to explore and you learn alot about Marie Antionette .
 This is my first Nancy Drew Mystery game , and I LOVED it !!! It is extremely realistic , and not too simple . I suggest it to anyone who likes history , Nancy Drew , mysteries , and just plain fun ! Also , if you need help or hints at what to do next , you can call Nancy 's friend on her hotel room phone . At first , It 's hard to find your way around the castle , but you get the hang of it very quickly . Is there any other entrance to the tower besides the hatch in the e. s. ? If any nice girl 12 yrs . or plus knows , my e-mail address is chihuahuaears@msn.com . E-mails only with the answer or hints please , nothing else .
 I have played most of the nancy drew games -LRB- Secrets Can Kill through Curse of Blackmoor Manor -RRB- and I have to say that this one might have been THE BEST game in the series . I say this because the graphics are great , everthing is in 3-D and there 's a suspense feeling in your stomach every second . I absolutely LOVE the story plot
 I 've played four of the six Nancy Drew games , and this is by far my favorite . I love the secretive characters and scary , thrilling and exciting adventures Nancy has throughout the game . And the end ! Well I wo n't give too much away . This mystery is scary -LRB- my little brother hated the scary music :-RRB- -RRB- and challenging , but I like it because it 's not so challenging that I almost never wanted to give up . But every time , just as I felt like quitting , I found another clue ! As always Her Interactive has created a masterpiece . I ca n't wait until I have enough money for the newest one ! I strongly recommend buying this game !!!
 This was by far my favorite out of all the nancy drew games . And i 've played them all up to and including the new one , number 16 . The mystery takes place in a huge castle like hotel , and its so huge i got lost several times . The mystery is focused around Marie Antoinette , her journal and a diamond . You learn alot about Marie Antionette 's history while you help Proffessor Hotchkiss , a nutty french historian who spends her time couped up in her room , not leaving even when she claims she was robbed . You meet a famous french skiier , Jaques Brunes , along with a reporter named Lisa and the guy running the place . I think his name is Mr. Eagan . You have to find your way into a locked and half destroyed library , you get locked outside to freeze , and you get hit over the head just as you think the mystery is about to be solved . Its great fun and the puzzles can be stumping . i loved it !
 This game was great and very informatic -LRB- just a minute < tiny > bit -RRB- . I would reccomed this game for people who would like an easy game that you could finish in between one and two days.I give this game an A - .
 This is a great adventure game for girls - it finally gives them a heroine to portray . Nancy Drew is the sleuth who has to find the mystery that surrounds her when she is trapped by a snowstorm in a ski lodge . She is surrounded by suspects and mysterious happenings . She has to find the treasure and solve the mystery.Like all of the Nancy Drew games - you can play on a junior or senior level , depending on your skill and experience level . There are built in hints -LRB- from your friends ned , bess and george -RRB- and a second chance option if you mess up.Best of all , there is an educational lesson built in as you learn about marie antoinette and the French revolution.The game itself is quite straightforward - the plot moves along with hints from the suspects . Some of the puzzles are difficult to solve , but there is always hints that are just a phone call away .
 I 've been reading reviews and many of them are for the wrong games . This is for the Tower mystery . You 're in a ski lodge that was formerly the home of a wealthy recluse when a storm strands you . There is practically no one else there except a few eccentric suspects . Hidden in the tower is a secret and it 's not easy to solve the puzzles . It took me weeks and I am a grown adult . I had to resort to the message boards for help . As the other ones , it 's a good game with excellent graphics , that teaches critical thinking and inductive reasoning . You 'll never guess the ending . Explore secret rooms , the hidden tower , and an old ski lift apparatus . It 's just fun . If your kid solves this in three hours like I had read , you have either a liar or a genius . It took me a few weeks of sporadic play and I was completely stumped a few times . I 've also played Danger on Deception Island , Haunted Mansion , as well as this one , and I plan to do them all . Good features not offered in other games include
 Nancy Drew games keep getting better and better ! I ca n't keep away from it !
 With each passing Nancy Drew game , the games have gotten better . In the past three alone , they 've gone from containing great plots with terrible gaming quality -LRB- Secrets Can Kill -RRB- to awesome plots with incredible gaming quality -LRB- Message in a Haunted Mansion -RRB- . Treasure in the Royal Tower is no exception , and definitely the best Nancy Drew game to the date of its release.Nancy is currently attempting to have some relaxing fun at a ski lodge called Wickford Castle in Butter Ridge , Wisconsin . Shortly after unpacking in her room , she goes downstairs to talk to the caretaker of the lodge . He informs her that Wickford 's historic library has been vandalized , and is now off limits . Not only that , but another guest has reported a robbery in her room recently . Nancy decides to sneak around the castle to discover what 's going on , only to discover that one of the towers at Wickford Castle was imported from France many years ago , and could hold a precious treasure that once belonged to Marie Antoinette herself . It 's now up to Nancy to find this treasure before a would-be thief does ... This is probably the strongest plot to appear in a Nancy Drew game at the time of Treasure in the Royal Tower 's release . I loved the setting , and the use of actual events and figures in history was an awesome idea . I learned quite a bit about Marie 's character while playing the game , and reading some fictional documents that were written by her -LRB- `` fictional '' meaning they were fictional , but real in this fictional game -RRB- really made me curious as to what kind of woman and queen she truly was . The game itself is n't all that scary , but since the past three were , it 's good to have one in which the scare factor was a little `` toned down '' -LRB- if they were all scary , then it 'd get boring after awhile -RRB- . Like the previous game , this game does have a few chores that need to be done , but they 're very well-integrated into the game and do n't get in the way of sleuthing . Nancy actually spends the vast majority of the game sneaking into hidden passageways , questioning suspects , and looking through confidential areas.While the graphics do show their age on occasion , they 're absolutely phenomenal regardless . I was in awe of the beauty and detail of the castle at times . The explorable areas outside were also very nicely detailed , especially the beautiful garden -LRB- covered in snow at the time of Nancy 's exploration -RRB- . I wo n't say too much for the sake of spoiling this for those who have not played , but my favorite spot of all was the place in which Nancy finds what she and the culprit have been searching for . It was so beautifully detailed , and I could really feel all the awe that a real-life Nancy probably would have felt upon entering this hidden area.The cast in this game was definitely stronger than the casts in the previous three -LRB- though the last one does follow very closely -RRB- . The first suspect mentioned is Dexter Egan , Wickford Castle 's elderly caretaker who seems to know more about the history surrounding the castle than he 's admitting . He 's currently trying to take care of all the issues going on singlehandedly while the owner is away on business , and believes that the culprit must be somebody else in the castle . Lisa Ostrum is a photojournalist who enjoys gossiping and being buddy-buddy with Nancy , and tells Nancy that she 'd like to explore Marie 's tower to find out more about the history hidden beyond the castle walls . Jacques Brunais is the handsome French ski instructor at the castle who 's currently engaged to an American woman and seems to hold a very special passion for French history . Professor Beatrice Hotchkiss is an eccentric woman who spends almost all of her time typing in her room , doing research and writing out what she calls her `` theory '' -LRB- she is also the guest who claims to have been robbed -RRB- . Like the last game , this game also should be praised for the perfect choice of the culprit in the end . All four of the characters had great motives , and all of them had enough evidence pointing toward them to make me suspect them at times . However , as the loose ends are gradually tied together and the story comes to an exciting end , only one particular suspect could logically be behind all of this . The culprit 's character was fantastic , and he/she is definitely one of the cruelest villains that Nancy Drew has ever faced.The game 's musical score is very nicely done . Music heard while exploring the hallways was super catchy , and definitely added to the overall `` castle '' feel in the game -LRB- in the sense that it sounded very stereotypically `` royal '' , for lack of better terms -RRB- . The music occasionally got a little scarier while Nancy was exploring dark passageways or in the face of danger which could cost her life if she is n't fast enough to find a way out . There was n't a track out of place , if you ask me.While the previous game is a close runner-up , `` Treasure in the Royal Tower '' was definitely the best Nancy Drew game at the time of its release . Some would even say that it 's still the best to date , and it remains in the top three as of the release of the Collector 's Edition Fan Favorites packaging -LRB- along with `` The Secret of Shadow Ranch '' and `` Curse of Blackmoor Manor '' . Between the rich sense of history , awesome casting , wonderfully detailed settings , and great soundtrack , this surely remains one of Nan 's most memorable cases to date . Love it or hate it , you wo n't forget it .
 beats the first game ! i loved it ! terrific graphics , and so many hidden places to explore ! whatever you do do n't cheat online ! it ruins the fun ! my favorite character would have to be Mrs.Hotchkiss , who got me hooked on loving Marie Antoinette!from - GRAPE JUCIE
 This one was my favorite Nancy Drew mystery so far . I have played many of the games and although they too were great I loved this one the most . Maybe it was the setting in a historic ski lodge , maybe it was the snow , or maybe it was the cool passage ways and fun people . I liked having a `` to do '' list , some certain duties given to me to advance the game and learn about new clues and suspects along the way . This game is my favorite and the most entertaing to me for these reasons .1 . It had a long game play time so I never got bored .2 . It had a lot of history and puzzles and clues to put together , again very entertaining .3 . The people were very realistic and the graphics were great.Overall I really loved this game and you should definately check it out . You wo n't regret it !
 Imagine this
 I have played all the HerInteractive Nancy Drew games that have come out so far and this is totally the best ! I would recomend all of them but please play this one ! It 's exiting and it 's hard to solve , yet not too hard that it leaves you stumped . If you are looking for something to do , go and buy Treasure in a Royal Tower ! Also , even if you 're under 10 , you can still play it , even though it says for ages 10 and up . I played it when I was 7 or 8 and even though I 've played it tons of times , I still love it 3 or 4 years later !
 I love this game ! It is my favorite out of all the ND games I 've played ! The characters are great , and the plot is awesome . This is a good choice for a first ND game . My 7-year-old sister likes to play it , but it is a bit too challenging for her .
 I have played all of the Nancy Drew games , and to me , Treasure in a Royal Tower is by far , the best one.In this game , Nancy Drew , 18 year old super-slueth , visits Wickford Castle and Ski Resort for a winter vacation . But when a terrible blizzard keeps her and 4 other guests stranded there , a mystery turns up . Someone has ransacked the library , and one guest claims an item of value of hers has been stolen . I would n't reccomend this game for people who have not played other Nancy Drew games , because the castle is VERY confusing -LRB- I got lost a bunch of times ! -RRB- , but all in all , this game rocks !
 I 'm writing this review right after solving the mystery ! It was a whole bunch of fun , but I 'd reccommend doing it with 2 or more people -- that way it 's even more fun . I did it with my brother and sister.Also , I was glad that they tried to show Marie Antionette as being a kind and well-meaning but immature young queen instead of a cruel , heartless tyrant as most people portray her.A couple minor flaws . First , the box says 20 + hours of game play , but it was really only about half that or less . Second , this castle/hotel was just too big ! It took me forever to find whatever room I was looking for , which was so annoying when I wanted to get someplace FAST . And , finally , this game can get really stressful -- maybe even be too stressful for 10-year-olds unless they 're playing with someone else.Still , all in all , this was a really great game -- not quite as spooky as Treasure in a Haunted Mansion , but definately as much fun !
 This game is so fun , and unlike mostmystery games , it is n't bloody , or anything for that matter.I am a huge fan of the Nancy Drew books also . 2 years ago when I got this game , It made me so nervous , I was sweating inside mynew Christmas slippers ! It is so realistic , and I acctually ended up havingto ask my mom to help me withsome parts . The characters are n't cartoony , either . here are my ratings on a scale from 1 to 5 -LRB- five being best -RRB-
 I love all the Nancy Drew games . They 're so much fun , and the suspense really keeps you going . This one is my favorite so far , having also played Secrets Can Kill , Stay Tuned For Danger , Message In A Haunted Mansion , The Final Scene , and Secret Of the Scarlet Hand -LRB- Danger on Deception Island , Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake , and The Haunted Carousel are on their way ! -RRB- I just want to say that I love them all , and I ca n't wait for the next one , The Secret of Shadow Ranch to come out this summer ! I 'm counting the days ! Her Interactive and Dreamcatcher Games are doing a great job ! Keep it up !
 I loved this game !! I got stuck a couple of times and had to have help , but ... . The graphics were great and the suspense was cool ! ummmmm treasure in the royal tower is very very fun !! I really encourage you to buy this game !
 I have played all the Nancy Drew games and this is the best one byfar . I love how you can explore the tower and meet different people . They puzzles are pretty hard but you can call your friends to help you . I just ca n't wait for the new game to come out !!!!!
 My daughter says :-RRB- , I am 10 years old and I have played all the games except for the Haunted Carousel . Treasure in the Royal Tower was my first game . I liked all of them , but this one is my favorite.Nancy is in a baffling mystery now . She is looking for a treasure , belonging to queen Marie Antoinnete . But a culprit is trying to as well , And he/she will do dangerous traps for Nancy to stop.So with Professor Hodgekiss and a few other suspects to choose from , Nancy Drew has a mind baffling case to solve . But remember , NEVER TRY AND GUESS WHO.the captor is a dangerous person , dangerous enough to lock Nancy out in the snow . Keep a notebook and win this mind-puzzling case .
 This Nancy Drew is one of the best . After I finished my 23-year-old brother started playing . I love all the scenery and paintings in Wickford Castle . A must have for the Nancy Drew players out there .
 hey i loved this game ! it was my first nacy drew game and it keepme coming back and its is so far my favoret but i only played message in the haunted masion and stay tuned for danger and this one and i 'm gon na order more soon . i lent the game to 2 of my freind and they liked it too and once i would beat a game they would ask if they could play it . leave nothing unturned and expect the unexpected and by the way it helped me in history class
 The setting of this game is exquisite !! The creators really had a lot of fun with the design of this game - it is just beautiful !! Great mystery and lots of suspense !
 This ND game was my favorite out of all six ! You , as Nancy Drew get to find out what 's up with a nutty professor who 's always typing on her typwriter , a friendly girl -LRB- but does she have a secret ? -RRB- , a French ski instructor , and a man who seems fine , but his past holds secrets . In this game you will get to find out about Queen Marie Antoinette and realize the secret behind the castle you 're staying at . This game does n't have many puzzles , and you will do a few errands . It 's really cool and I 'd reccomend it to anyone ! I 'd also reccomend the other five games
 This is the best game by far . Buy one if you are smart . The people are awesome ! The fun do n't stop ! Puzzles are awesome ! Culprit is a SURPRISE ! YA !
 I 've read the book on secrets can kill , it 's very good , surprisingly the game was as good ! You 're undercover Nancy Drew trying to solve a mystery at a small high school in Florida , with a big murder mystery of a boy named Jake , your contact is Daryl , there a puzzles to solve and you 'll find each of the suspects have a secret , later in the game you 'll find out that Jake silenced them by making them be his servants . Anyways I did n't really have much patience as a detective -LRB- it would take me hours just to find the clues -RRB- so i usually go for help from the websites , uhs is a really good one , it just tells you where the puzzles are and what you have to do to get to the end but it does n't totally help you figure out the puzzles , and it does n't tell you who the murderer is . Anyway I really enjoyed this game it 's the second Nancy Drew game I 've played besides final scene . WARNING
 Playing Treasure in the Royal Tower marked one of the most exciting moments of my life . I also got a tingle of excitement when playing Final Scene and Message in a Haunted Mansion . I had always wanted a computer game like this and here it is !!!
 I really liked this game because of the history . I really like Marie Antoinette , and that 's why this is great . It 's sort of 2 in one . You learn about French backgrounds , and you have fun . I learned alot from this game . Now I 'm making good marks in history ! This is a great game . Plus there is this huge diamond at the end . P.S. Do n't trust Lisa , and do n't tell her anything , especially , that you broke into the library . SHE 'S THE CULPRIT !!!!
 This game was really cool ! It had GREAT graphics -LRB- much better than the 1st game and 2nd -RRB- . The mystery was challenging , but a challenge you can surely do ! I hardly had to ask anything on the official website that helps you out ! Still , it took some time and hard thinking . I still believe that Stay Tuned For Danger was much harder!Here 's the story
 i think this game was fun and very puzzling but barly gives you any hlep .
 I was pleased with this product.The only problem is it was alittle to easy.None the less an entertaning game.This would come in second behind MITHH as the best Drew games.I recomend this to all lovers of Mystery .
 Out of the four Nancy Drews I think this was the best ! I spent 1 whole day playing !! It was so exciting and hard . I loved it .
 This is my twelve-year-old daughter 's 2nd Nancy Drew cd , and she is loving it . Wonderful , fun , challenging , great for her English comprehension skills . One warning , however
 OMG !! I am fifteen and I was having so much fun ! All my friends made fun of me for getting exited about a Nancy Drew game , but when I forced them to play it they totally agreed with me . Great family mystery solver , and will be challenging for the parents too ! Bring your thinking caps , you 'll need them !
 I 'm 16 and I received this game for Christmas last year and solved it about the middle of Jan. . I was so stuck on the part were you have the medallions and Bess and George keep telling you they have something to do with the peep hole but they do n't tell you what . Finally I just started over on the junior detective level and when I got to that part in the game again , Ned told me what to do the second time I called him . All I 'm saying is that If you just got the game and it 's still new to you then you probably want to play the junior level or you will get very stuck . Over all this is a very interesting game and I would say it 's one of the best ! -LRB- Though , The Secret of Shadow Ranch is very close second . -RRB-
 I have played all of the Nancy Drew games , and this one is definitely my favorite . I do n't think I could give it anything less than 5 stars . At first , I saw the Nancy Drew games and I thought that the idea was kind of stupid . But I decided to give the games a chance . This was the first one I bought , and I love it to death . It 's just so interesting and there 's never a dull moment . I ca n't even think of anything bad to say about it . I highly recommend it !
 My thoughts on Treasure in a Royal tower are that it is the best Nancy Drew game . I have played all the Nancy Drew games and none of them were as good as this . TRT has the best characters , best plot , best setting , and it is also the most challenging . It was certanly great .
 I think the Nancy Drew computer games are the best computer games I 've ever played . One of my favorites is Treasure in a Royal Tower . There are so many secret passageways and hidden messages to find but they are not as challenging to find as you think ! An elevator gets stuck here , an alarm goes off there , but they are all hidden clues to help you solve the mystery of the vandalized library and the sealed off tower .
 As a 28 year old woman , my first concern was whether this game would be too elementary for me . But , I took the gamble and bought it . Not only did it bring back the memories of those wonderful mysteries I read when I was younger , but it also puts you into Nancy 's shoes - allowing you to make decisions on what to do and what to say . The graphics are great and you actually have to think - there are several challenges and puzzles you must solve throughout the game to ultimately solve the mystery in the Royal Tower . And when ever you need help , you can call Bess and George , or even good old Ned Nickerson -LRB- remember him ? -RRB- .
 I was at the store when I saw this game on sale for really cheap , so I thought `` Hey , why not get it ? '' . I 'd seen really good reviews for this game , but I was still kind of apprehensive because it 's such an old game , I thought the graphics would be really horrible . But I was surprised at what a quality game it is ! I 'm going to split my review up into different sections so I can give the game a more accurate rating.PLOT - 4.5 / 5
 This was my favorite game of all the Nancy Drew games . It had a lot of places to explore . In this game , unlike some of the other ones , you get to go outside . My favorite place to explore is the elevator shaft . My favorite puzzle is the leaves . The only thing I do n't like is you always have to unlock your own door . This was by far the best game . I wish I could give more than five stars !
 This was my third Nancy Drew game -LRB- I have already played Secrets Can Kill , which I do n't recommend , and Message In A Haunted Mansion , which I do recommend -RRB- and I was really excited to play it . Right off I was completely in love with this game . I t 's so much ! I love finding clues and trying to crack puzzles and codes . I played on the senior level , which was a little challenging , but challenging was exactly what I was looking for.This game also had lots of history to it , too . It was all based on Marie Antionette , the Queen Of France during the French Revolution . Being a history lover , this game was awesome . It had history , puzzles , code-cracking , mystery , and lots of fun . Play it , you will absoulutley love it !
 My daughter is 9 and considered `` very gifted . '' It is hard to find books & games that engage her fully , but are not too `` adult . '' The Nancy Drew games are perfect for her . They have many difficult challenges -LRB- puzzles to solve , false leads etc -RRB- , but are also just plain fun ; and never off-color or too violent.She finished `` Treasure in the Royal Tower '' tonight - the first one she 's completed all the way to the end , and all on her own with no adult help and no internet hints ! She is so proud of herself . It was definitely a challenge , and it is n't that easy to find things that work on all levels for her.Hooray for Nancy Drew !
 This game is awsoem when I first got it for christmas I did n't really no anything about the games but when i played it i got so addicted i just finished it yesterday for the 2nd time.I dont like reading that much but readings ok.BECAUSE OF THAT THIS GAME HELPS ME GO INTO A WHOLE NEW WORLD WITHOUT READING.Be nancy drews eyes eand ears and find hidden clues solve puzzles question suspects or just explor.You will love knowing you have people to count on calling georeg ned and bess.Ned is nancys boyfried and bess and george are her best friends.ibn treasure in the royal tower you try to find out who vandalized the historic library wich you must find a way into besides the door or and the other mystery is the history behind france and the castle.nancy just wanted a skiing vacation at the castle in wisconsin but got snowed in and now it winds into a mystrery the suspects aree very differewnt so get this action packed thriller
 This was one of my favorite Nancy Drew games -LRB- and I only have 2 favorites -RRB- ! This one was n't extremely hard but that 's kind of good because then it does n't frustrate you . This one was relatively easy and it was very interesting learning about Marie Antoinette -LRB- not sure if I spelled that right -RRB- . You also get to stay in a castle . All the features of these Nancy Drew games are remarkable . You can talk to characters and explore many different rooms . You have to come up with several ways to get something you want or need . It 's very fun and it has great graphics . You should definitely buy THIS game if you 're going to buy one at all -LRB- which I suggest you do -RRB- .
 This is the best game in this series and a pretty good game all around . It is educational and has no serious violence as some other computer games do . The graphics are also very good . I ca n't give the game five stars , however , for two reasons . One
 I 'm a total late bloomer when getting into Nancy Drew games as this one was my very first game I played here . I 'm 26 almost about to be 27 ! Crazy . But still , despite how old this game is now -LRB- and despite my age -RRB- , I still wanted to leave a review for it . First off , I altogether was a bit iffy about getting into this game and almost to the point I was n't going to even give it a try but something kept pushing me and eventually I did . After all , it would n't hurt as I bought this game here -LRB- Amazon -RRB- for a cheap price . Well , I have to say I 'm very glad I picked it up ! xD This game was like a fun and new experience for me to play . I have never really played anything like it . What I enjoyed so much about it was the ` realistic atmosphere it offers . The game really makes you feel like a complete sleuth ! You can climb through a ventilation duct , interrogate others , find secret passages etc. . I LOVE it ! The obvious suspense moments through it was quite interesting to encounter too . I sometimes find myself actually jumping a little if I heard a ` clang ' or my heart racing a bit when somebody would be trying to come into a room I was in . Very fun ! :D Though , I have one thing I did n't like so much with this game and it 's kinda minor . : / I was not too fond of the challenging puzzles you have to do through with it . Yeah ... They were n't too much of my thrill . Some of the puzzles can be easy and then some can just be frustrating and annoying , leaving you to the point like ` what the heck you 're supposed to do ? ' . You have to keep messing around or staring about until you eventually get an idea of how to solve them . You have no guide to let you know how to solve these puzzles . Well , unless you go on the internet like I did and check out a walk-through which I would only look through it for the times I got really stuck . The other times , I just tried to figure the puzzles out on my own to keep it more fun , ya know . :P Word of advice , do n't look through walk-throughs unless you absolutely must DO so otherwise you may ruin the fun in the game for yourself and you would n't want that . Unless you 're fine with it . At least I find walk-throughs to lessen the thrill in a type of game like this as it 's supposed to be surprising . : PAnyway , let 's get this started!Story - It was cool and straight-forward to me . It had a lot of French history going on with it . Blah Blah . But still , the story grabbed me a lot to learn more as to where the treasure was hidden and how the tower looked and who was the thief . I became hooked to playing right when I got some idea of what was going on . xDGraphics - Marvelous and very detail . I loved them ! It was one of the best things about this game.Characters - They were interesting and believable to me . Though I did find Nancy Drew and her friends voices to be a bit annoying lol . xAxSounds - It was nice and sometimes scary , making you feel like you 're in some horror flick . But I liked it ! It was never nothing to the point where it was downright annoying that 's for sure.Gameplay - It was pretty easy to get the hang of to me.I think that covers everything . If not , I 'm sorry . It is late with me typing this now . : / But I say this game is pretty cool to give a shot . You should n't have to spend loads of money on it as the game is old -LRB- VERY old -RRB- and you can find it cheap here on Amazon . I think anyone who loves mystery and suspense will definitely enjoy this game . This game has open the door for me to try other Nancy Drew games which I ca n't wait to do ! : D
 This was the first Nancy Drew game that I ever played -LRB- more than a decade ago -RRB- , and I still love it today ! What 's not to love about a snow-ed in castle with a secret garden , and underground passageways?This game , like many of the earlier games , is solved via character development , and real techniques . For example , in this game , you dust for fingerprints , eavesdrop , snoop through old books and dusty areas , and escape from peril using realistic solutions . And even though you ca n't explore every inch of the castle and its grounds , you get to explore quite a bit , allowing this game to never have a dull moment -LRB- even if you 're stuck , or have played it many times like I have -RRB- . The music is beautiful , almost hauntingly so . The scenery is wonderfully portrayed -LRB- even though the technology is much older than in the newer games -RRB- , and while the `` villain '' is not the hardest to figure out , the ending of this game is my second favorite out of all of the Nancy Drew games -LRB- only behind the hilarious ending in Waverly Academy -RRB- ! Whether you are new to the Nancy Drew games , or you 've played them for years ... if you have n't played this one yet , do so ! It 's without a doubt , one of the best , and my personal favorite !
 I might be biased about this game because it was the first I ever played -LRB- and the first I ever finished -- since , when I started playing , I had all of the first five that I was flipping between , and six and seven came out very close on the heels of them , so I did n't actually finish any until a while after I 'd received them -RRB- . However , biases aside , this game still holds as my all-time favorite . I will admit it is n't the best game in the series , but that 's ok by me . It is n't extremely difficult , but it is n't overly easy . The characters are all interesting -LRB- and this game introduces my favorite ND character , Professor Hotchkiss -RRB- . I love history , and this game is full of that . But the best part about it ? The exploring . I will admit that the movements are a little bit limited , but this is only the fourth game . They had n't yet refined things . However , in this game , every time you progress -LRB- almost -RRB- you get to unlock a new area in the game . There are so many places to go in this little castle , so many things to see . This game gave me so much to imagine , so much to think on , and , now that I 'm older , it gives me a ton of inspiration.To anyone that has n't played this game , I highly recommend it . If you 've played other games but not this one , I 'm completely shocked . You need to play this game NOW . And if you 're looking for an introduction to the series , look no further . Treasure in a Royal Tower is a wonderful classic that I really hope will enthrall you as much as it has me these last ten years .
 This is the sixth Nancy Drew game I 've played and it is definitely either 1st or 2nd -LRB- I also love The Secrets of the Scarlet Hand -RRB- . There are so many places to explore and the graphics were amazing . I also loved the characters :-RRB- Unfortunately I accidentally read the ending before I finished the game , but it was still a great ending . I also learned a lot about Marie Antoinette in this game , and I have quickly fallen in love with her ! There are no critiques I have for this game , it was just all around great ! If you love Nancy Drew and love to explore a beautiful mansion , and solve a great mystery choose this game !!!! I learned Secrets Can KillI survived Danger by DesignI was in the Trail of a TwisterI found the Secrets of the Scarlet HandI saw the Final SceneI found the Treasure in the Royal Tower < 3
 With certain recent games like WAC and SAW , it 's evident that with each and every Nancy Drew PC release , the graphics and voice acting get better and better . But sometimes , no matter how good the graphics are , they usually ca n't hide an empty storyline and a game in need of many touch ups . This game is an example of a decent edition to the series , and even though it 's not one of my favorites , it does n't need `` makeup '' to make it shine.Story
 My Dad bought this game for my sister and I about 5 years ago . The three of us played it together and LOVED IT!We wanted something that was relatively simple to get the hang of but had challenging puzzles and things to solve . We 'd stay up well past our bedtime , just so we could get to the next section.Thoroughly well recommended !
 This was a really fun game ! In this fourth game , Nancy is in Wisconsin taking a vacation at a ski lodge which happens to be a huge , ancient castle ! She finds out about a long-lost secret , -LRB- which you can find out for yourself -RRB- that someone else in the castle is trying to find also , but with desperate measures . I loved exploring the castle , it was so much fun and exciting . You basically stay in the castle the whole game , but you can also go outside on the grounds . The game was so exciting . I loved it !
 This game is awsoem when I first got it for christmas I did n't really no anything about the games but when i played it i got so addicted i just finished it yesterday for the 2nd time.I dont like reading that much but readings ok.BECAUSE OF THAT THIS GAME HELPS ME GO INTO A WHOLE NEW WORLD WITHOUT READING.Be nancy drews eyes eand ears and find hidden clues solve puzzles question suspects or just explor.You will love knowing you have people to count on calling georeg ned and bess.Ned is nancys boyfried and bess and george are her best friends.ibn treasure in the royal tower you try to find out who vandalized the historic library wich you must find a way into besides the door or and the other mystery is the history behind france and the castle.nancy just wanted a skiing vacation at the castle in wisconsin but got snowed in and now it winds into a mystrery the suspects aree very differewnt so get this action packed thriller
 When Nancy gets trapped in a ski resort castle because of a snowstorm , she sees that some accidents have been happening in the house , such as a vandalized libary and guests complaining of thiefs . Nancy finds out that what this person is after is Marie Antoinette 's legendary treasure ! In this game you might get really stuck - I think there are 5 ways to get kicked out of the game . Here is my top hint - sometimes you will get stuck , but you wo n't be able to use second chance . In this case , do n't panic . There will be a way out of every situation ! This was one of the best games in the series . I reccomend that you buy it !
 I have played all of the games . I first played Message in a Haunted Mansion which had great puzzles and the characters are really believable . Since then I have gone back and played all the older games and keep playing the new ones.I only had one problem and there was a patch to download and it fixed the problem . There is a patch for the chunk error for all the games on there site so I do n't know why that other lady could not find it.Thank you her !!
 This game was very exciting for me . It got me on the edge of my seat , and I almost freaked when I found out who the culprit was ! I recommend this to you strongly ! It is the best Nancy Drew game yet ! Although the hallways may seem long , they are nothing when you get the game straight and nothing compared to the school hallways in Secrets Can Kill . There are so many great puzzles to solve . Go Nancy Drew , keep up the awesome work ! Please tell me if this review was helpful or not . Thanks !
 I really loved Treasure in the Royal Tower . It was my favorite Nancy Drew computer games out of the 4 I played . They make the history of Marie Antionette and the French revolution almost come alive . I also like the way the company made the misleading personalities of the suspects so real .
 Nancy Drew is on another exciting adventure , and you can solve with her ! For those of you who remember the Nancy Drew books , here is another way to enjoy your favorite teen detective . HerInteractive has come up with 4 great games for your PC and now for you Gameboy Advance . But Treasure in the Royal Tower is by far the best game so far . You are Nancy Drew , the cunning teen detective , and you are visiting a ski lodge , which contains an old tower which was brought here from France many years ago . The tower was once a favorite spot for the late Queen of France . You must find the queen 's tower , and the treasure . Do so while meeting new people , calling old friends , and picking up clues . Escape from some close calls and frightening experiances . Try the game on both levels and have a blast . It is worth every penny you spend , and more . Bottom line - GET IT !
 I 'm a huge fan of this series of video games and recommend them to any teens who like action along with logic . This installment in the series , I found to be especially enjoyable . The setting and graphics were fabulous - who would n't love visiting such a gorgeous , archaic ski lodge ? The game play itself is also captivating , involving questioning suspects , solving puzzles , completing complex missions , and heart-pounding break-ins . Even the most experienced game players may find themselves stumped , but kids as young as 11 can enjoy this game because of the ample help that is available when necessary . Parents will find this game such a great alternative to the traditional gun - 'em - down video games ; Nancy Drew incorporates great logistics and brain logic . Educational , exciting , this game has EVERYTHING ! I find myself playing it over and over alone and with friends . A suggestion for anyone new to the series - if you find yourself completely stumped , try an online walkthrough -LRB- there are tons ! -RRB- to get yourself over a stumbling point .
 THis game was so much fun ! it is long but one of the best games i have ever played !
 In our house , the two girls -LRB- now 13 & 15 ; 11 and 13 when we started playing ND -RRB- eagerly await who is going to get a new ND game for birthdays/Christmas . We started with the first one , Secrets Can Kill , and I will never forget the first time the boiler blew up on us . The girls and I remember me frantically trying to use the LADLE to prevent the catastrophe ! We freaked when it blew up ! Since then , we have loved every one of the ND games . My favorite is Royal Tower . I loved the snow storm and the creepy basement and the puzzles you have to solve to get in the Tower . I also really loved Haunted Mansion . Each of the 3 of us have our favorites . However , DO N'T go immediately to a hint/cheat site or to a walk-through site . It is really more fun to pretend that there is no answer out there and figure it out yourself . Game play is obviously longer then and it is more fun . Do n't blame HER Interactive for you finishing it in less time than the box/web site say when you cheat . I prefer the NDs that take place over a number of days , and ND goes to sleep and wakes up . Some of the games do n't progress unless there are regular ` breaks ' taken by the player . I think it is better NOT to be able to finish it in one marathon session because that encourages cheating and instant gratification . The clock is gone in the most recent ones -- probably because it was somewhat confusing to figure out how to advance time -- but I liked the games better when there was a clock and events took place over days instead of hours . I prefer the NDs that take place both inside and outside . I also prefer the NDs that involve a huge house with lots of mysterious rooms and corridors and attics , etc , etc. . I would also like to see there be a bigger difference between Junior and Senior Detective . The Senior level should include more than just less clues and slightly harder puzzles . The Senior level should include more complex scenarios , more sophisticated mysteries , and a more complicated pathway through the storyline . I would love to see people not posting walk throughs for the Senior level if indeed this level was expanded . Please do n't dumb ND down in order to pull in the instant-gratification demographic . But if you do , please make Senior level hard for those of us who really like a challenge and are willing to work at it .
 In the game you can choose either junior or senior levels.The story of the game is you are snowed in in this old Wisconsin ski lodge , and you are trying to find out why the library was vandalized and what is inside this old tower imported from France that was once part of Marie Antoinette 's castle . Along the way , you can interact with the characters and pick up clues . Compared to the other Nancy Drew games TREASURE IN THE ROYAL TOWER is n't better or worse . Overall this a great game ! : -RRB-
 This game keeps you interested until the very end . If you do n't like a lot of puzzles this is the Nancy Drew game that I would recomend . I think it is the most exciting Nancy Drew game . It does n't last all day if you play non-stop and with a walkthrough but if you play it a little bit each day it will last , it is much more interesting if you do not use a walkthrough .
 This game kept me playing all day until 1 o'clock in the morning . It is my favorite Nancy Drew Game . It has a great enviroment , the people look very life like , and the game is also a little frightening . It will keep you playing until the mystery is solved . The game will take you through many challenges and hard puzzels , and will have a big surprise ending . I definetly recomend this game to everyone .
 I do n't normally play PC games , but I bought this one for my 11 year old daughter 's 2nd N. Drew game and I loved it . The graphics are wonderful and the game teaches history about Marie Antoinette and the French Revolution . The ending is awesome , I was on the edge of my seat and it gave us both a feeling of accomplishment to finish it . -LRB- Although we had to use a cheat sheet and I 'm 51 years old ... could n't figure it out by ourselves . Story line/plot well written , video/audio are the best . A great investment for kids & adults -LRB- and I am picky about what I spend my $ $ $ on .
 I have and have played the first four Nancy Drew games and part of number seven and I thought this one was the best ! I loved the characters and the setting was amazing ! I felt like I was there . It did n't take me too long to finish it but it was n't as short as Secrets can Kill either . If you 're having trouble deciding which Nancy Drew game to buy , I recomend Treasure in the Royal Tower to you !
 This is , I think , the best Nancy Drew game . I will write what it says on the inside CD cover . `` While snowed in at the Wickford Castle Ski Resort , you , as Nancy Drew , are trapped in a place that is as strange as it 's history . The castle is a riddle , full of dead ends and detours that hint at royal legend . Pick up the thread of a long forgotten secret in this intrigung 3D interactive mystery . Solve baffling puzzles , search concealed rooms , interview evasive suspects , and sidestep snowy danger on the hunt for a secret that someone else is desperate to discover first . `` Why did I like this game ? It had so many secret rooms and secrets in general . It was French style . You discovered things way beyond your imagination . Nancy Drew , you 've scored again .
 My daughter and I have worked through the four ` Her Interactive ' Nancy Drew games . I grew up with Nancy Drew and my 10 year old daughter started reading them two years ago . These games are so well done ... they follow the spirit of Nancy Drew and are simply a lot of fun . More than that though , they help develop patience , logic and reasoning skills . Each one seems to be better than the last . I noticed one of the reviewers was having difficulty with the movement within the game . My daughter and I noticed a few instances where it did not seem to work as smoothly as it should , but generally this game seemed to have more depth and complexity than the earlier games . I envy the people that get to create this stuff ... imagine getting paid to be so creative !!
 I am almost 13 years old and I LOVED THIS GAME !!!! The moment you start , you get to solve puzzles and learn a lot about Marie Antonette . The whole mystery is based about her and what happened to her . You get to do so much in this game from getting to go to a secret garden and even getting to sneak into a library that holds many secrets.I have only played four Nancy Drew games and this is my favorite . The detail is so AMAZING and the graphics are great which many people are looking for these days . I recommend you get this one because you 'll have so much fun and it is perfect for people who love doing detective work . It is full of surprises like never before . My friend and I played this one together and we were shocked at the end . 5 stars is perfect for this !
 ... and I knew it would n't be the last . Very very fun . Do n't think Nancy Drew is just for girls , guys can play and love the game as well . I am living proof of that.The game itself really is n't that hard , it is just some of the puzzles can be very tricky -LRB- I do n't like puzzles -RRB- and that is the only ` beef ' I have with the game , and most mystery games.Now , back to the game itself . . intriguing storyline , suspicous characters and they all got something to hide . Search for clues while interrogating suspects . . explore the resort , run errands , break into locked rooms without getting caught , disable alarms , and SNOOP . . and that is just the tip of the iceburg.If you like mystery games , Nancy Drew is for you ! Her games are n't overly hard , and they are very fun . Even if you are n't a mystery fan , try it ! You 'll love it . Try them all ! You will become a Nancy Drew fan , trust me . . I did .
 I collect these games . I love how Treasure in a Royal Tower really makes you feel like you 're snowed in . There are ample rooms and passage ways to explore . I liked the story about Marie Antoinette 's journal . This is my favorite castle mystery .
 I am almost fourteen and I have been playing these games since I was eight . I have played all of the games except the first two , and this one is one of my favorites ! It has an excellent balance between puzzles \ codes and sleuthing \ investigating . You , as Nancy , get to interrogate suspects , dust for fingerprints , crack codes , and keep your identity as a detective a secret . This game does take some thought train , and a little logic , however it is not exceedingly hard . If you play on junior detective , when you call Ned and Bess \ George , they will give you clues to point you in the right direction . The graphics are great despite what other reviewers say , because this game was made in 2003 and graphics in games now have come a long way from that . This game has just enough creepy to be Nancy Drew worthy , but not enough to be scary . The music , amazingly , adds much to the game , and the snow storm outside is pleasant to snoop under . The character development is fantastic ! Several of the suspects have such detail about their former lives and present lives , that it seems that these characters really exist in reality . Also , the plot is very complex and interesting . The whole mystery is centered around the real past of Marie Antoinette . I learned a whole lot about her and her time period . Anyway , this is a great game and I love the HER series . BUY THIS GAME !
 This was , personally , the first Nancy Drew game that I ever played , and because of it , I am now hooked on the series and buy each new one that comes out . I am very happy that this was my first game , as it is not only , in my opinion , one of the best games in the Nancy Drew adventure game series , but it is also the perfect mix of mystery and intrigue.Story-You are on a ski vacation in Wisconsin when you get snowed in at the castle/resort in which you are staying . You find out that the castle library has been vandalized , and you set out to find out who destroyed the beautiful library and why . As you make your way through the game , you will also find that the story has quite a bit to do with the history of Marie Antoinette.Graphics-The graphics are improved from the earlier three games , as the 3D backgrounds have a bit more detail . Also , the characters have been developed to move a bit more smoothly.Sound-The music in the game is very regal and pleasant to listen to . The background sounds are also well done as they sound realistic . As for the voice acting , this game has some actors/actresses that sound really good and interesting.Gameplay-First of all , like the games before it in the series , this is a first person point-and-click adventure game . Although there is only one main location to explore -LRB- the castle -RRB- it is a very large location filled with many rooms to explore and many puzzles to solve . The puzzles range from easy to hard , but they are all solvable without any need of a walkthrough . The hint system is there for you , if you need it though , which basically consists of calling your friends on the phone to ask for a hint . There are also four characters that you can interact with and interrogate , and they each have a unique and interesting personality.Length-This is definitely a game with some meat to it length-wise . It will take you several hours to finish it , and hopefully , you will have fun with every second of it.If you 're looking for an intriguing adventure game with fun puzzles and a great story , then this is the perfect game for you !
 I am a big fan of the Nancy Drew books , and I think as far as computer games go , these are the best . You are Nancy Drew , and this is your 4th mystery . You are staying in a castle in Wisconsin with a tower that was imported from France built onto it . The tower is said to be the last hang-out of Marie Antoinette , to be haunted by her ghost , and to hold a treasure that once belonged to the queen.It is very fun , though not as filled with mind games as the other ND Games , is very tough and takes a lot of thinking . Do n't buy this game if you have a low patience level , though , because you have to investigate the same places a few times until you come up with a breakthrough ; do n't buy this game also if you get scared easily -- there are spooky noises and dark dead-ends that you have to explain.I think this game is for ages 9 and up because of heavy plots and spooky scenarios . I think this series of games is the most educational of PC games that you could possibly get . If you want to buy a Nancy Drew game , I think this is the one to buy .
 Game is fun and interesting . The graphics are a little dated since it was one of the early games . Overall , I liked the story line and it was entertaining . People new to the Nancy Drew games might like to play this one first .
 I 've been playing these out of order , and it took me a while to realize this is # 4 in the series , which explained the choppy interface . Some of the camera angles were awkward and this often made it difficult to see where exactly you could go . The cursor in this game is particular . As with other ND games , it changes depending on if you can go right , left , etc. . In later games , there is a pan icon . In this one , the pan icon is also the left/right icon , depending on which way you are panning . I had a hard time adjusting to this because I would see that turn icon , click , and think I had made a 90 degree turn , when in fact I had panned slightly to one side . This icon , along with some of the camera angles , also made it difficult in some areas to see that there were other areas to be explored . The cursor was also picky . There was n't much screen area afforded to the different icons . If I had a left icon , it would be in part of the left side of the screen . If I went too far left , I would fall out of the hot spot . The back -LRB- not reverse -RRB- icon was also cumbersome . Considering this is one of the early games , and in later games this is fixed , it 's a very minor issue , but one you should be prepared for.Aside from that , game play was great . Again , the puzzles were well integrated into the story . There were a few stinkers that I thought were silly and just there to waste time -LRB- the camera comes to mind -RRB- , but overall , most of the puzzles were well done.In game hints were well done and helpful . The story line was interesting and there were many secret places to be found and explored , which I thought was a very nice touch and extremely engaging . Overall , I highly recommend this installment of Nancy Drew , just watch that cursor !
 Nancy Drew , Treasure in the Royal Tower , is a wonderful game that anyone would enjoy ! The characters are well thought out . The graphics are very well done and the plot is exciting with many unexpected twists . I enjoyed finding out about the French Revolution and Marie . I 'm thirteen now and have been playing Nancy Drew games since I was about nine . This was not the easiest game I 've played , but far from impossible . Very , very good game !
 When a blizzard ruins your vacation , you are stuck in Wickford Castle in Wisconsin . But you do n't get to relax much on that trip , because another mystery turns up ! The castle holds many passageways , conataining many historical artifacts . Marie Antoinette may even have hid her famous diamond somewhere in the Royal Tower ... This game was a ton of fun ! The puzzles were not so easy , but not too hard either . The plot was wonderful and mysterious at the same time . It was not the best Nancy Drew Game I 've played , but it was definitely worth playing .
 This was the first of all the nancy drew games i came across . I got it as a gift and wasnt too sure about it becuase most games like this seem to be impossible to beat or it gets to the point where you just give up but i gave it a chance . I then found myself glued to the computer screen !! It was one of the best computer games i have ever played.The graphics are amazing and it is pretty simple to controll ! The best part is that if you get suck you can call your frinds and they will give you hints or tell you something you should do . another nice thing is the second chance feaure ... this lets you start from the point where you made a mistake and this was good for me becuase i find myself forgetting to save when i am so into the game.So if you are looking for a fun , mystery , and a good adventure then this is the games to get ! -LRB- I cant wait for the new one to come out . . danger by design ! -RRB-
 A fierce blizzard cuts a ski vavation short and traps Nancy in a castle wrapped in mystery.The castle 's tower once imprisoned Marie Antoinette , and her treasure is rumored to be somewhere on the grounds . But Nancy 's not the only one looking for riches . In this peculiar place full of secrets and intrigue , mishaps spell danger , and more than one suspect wants to freeze Nancy 's investigation in its tracks ... Wander through an immense mansion to find the secrets of its past . This grand ski resort is rich in history and places to explore . Scrutinize rooms , decipher codes and poke into furnishings on the hunt for vital clues . The trail may be old , but it 's not yet cold . Do n't let suspects snow you with misleading clues . You 'll need keen reasoning and intuition to detect who speakes the truth . Frosty danger lurks outside as well as in . Be careful who you cross , or you may be left out in the cold in your search for evidence . In this mysterious castle , nothing is as it seems . Creepy corridors that lead to nowhere could hold secrets of their own .
 I have used MS Money 2002 Delux for 3 months have generally found it to be a good program . I am using it to record all my expenses and have found it to be easy to use . The reports generated are excellent . I recently retired and have to track of my expenses more closely , so the program is very helpful . The portfolio tracking feature has also been very helpful . It 's very easy to update your investment values each day . I have had trouble downloading credit card date into Money - it does n't work ! I do n't know if the problem is with my credit card company or with Money . Also usual with all programs today , documentation could be better .
 After seeing PC Mag giving Money 2002 Deluxe five stars , I bought the software to upgrade my previous version of Money . The installation went very smoothly , and I really like the refined new interface . While it 's not drastically different from the previous version , it contains a lot of nice subtle changes that make the program even easier to use . Also , the new version is much more responsive and stable on my overloaded Win2k system.Money 2002 excels in at least two areas
 I lost the original discs , and my computer crashed , so it was WONDERFUL to be able to buy replacement discs . I then could retrieve all my banking info and salvage the data until I switched to quicken . Discs were in good condition and had no problems installing !
 Did n't think I would be able to find this product , but was pleased to . Product does everything Mom wants it to .
 Its user interface is very friendly , It defenitly helped my finances . I can see my savings and losses ... could have a little more features ... and the charts and graphs are hard to read sometimes ... specially the bar charts.Its worth a little less than what you pay for , but it is still a good deal . I got my rebate quickly too !
 Money Deluxe 2002 is far superior to Quicken products . I 'm no fan of Microsoft products but objectively this product is much better . Flawlessly converted Quicken info . into Money . Check the reviews by computer and finance magazines - this product wins every one I 've seen . Tip
 According to my previous comment , the problem was not in Microsoft Money 2002 , but the operating system needed at least another utility program . Recording my bank account transactions is seamless and flawless . I discontinued recording my transactions in Microsoft Excel . That program is good . Each field works best with only one operator . Backing up or saving my Money file on disk makes using Microsoft Money safe and smart . There are no other problems for me to encounter because I am not using Microsoft Money 2002 online . Another good thing about this program is that jnadigsbooks delivered the software to me in a timely manner . I would buy another software program from jnadigsbooks again . The seller is dependable .
 I just balanced my checking account in 3 minutes so I felt compelled to put up a review proclaiming how great MS Money is.First off , I was shocked to see that the overall rating for Money is so low . I tried to use Quicken Deluxe 2001 a while back and aside from hating the UI I just never felt that it worked very well . Things like balancing my account and paying bills online were awkward and I eventually gave up.Money , on the other hand , has a beautiful , intuitive UI , makes balancing my accounts simple and sometimes automatic , and provides incredibly smooth online integration . The epay feature lets me pay all of my bills through money and they automatically get entered into my credit union 's online bill pay system . Anytime something goes wrong , for example if I enter a date that 's too early or if I have n't entered an address to send the bill , Money handles it smoothly.I should note that my experience with MS Money is limited to entering and categorizing all of my transactions , electronic bill pay , and balancing my accounts so I ca n't comment on any of the reporting or budgeting features.I noticed that a few of the negative reviews are from people that say they have a hard time managing their finances and it 's not surprising these people would be let down . Money ca n't do everything for you and I spend a significant amount of time making sure everything is kept up to date . However , if you are willing to invest time to track your finances Money is definitely an application you should consider .
 I was a Quicken user for 9 years and made the switch to Money 2000 , then 2001 . I recently downloaded Money 2002 Trial version and was very happy with it which lead to my purchase of Money 2002 Deluxe.Here 's some baseline stats on my system : AMD Athlon 1G with 256 MB RAM . My money file is about 17MB large -LRB- containing all transactions since 1991 -RRB- . Things I really liked : - reports run much faster now . -LRB- in Money 2001 , reports used to take 30-60 seconds ; now they take less than 10 seconds ; this is still much slower than Quicken 's , but is improving -RRB- . - `` Income vs. Spending Over time '' graph is now part of the report . This allows for graphing monthly income vs. expense side-by-side . This was alwasy available in Quicken , but not in Money till 2002 . - Very clean and nice GUI - Customizable home page with Follow-up notes , Spending Progress , Flagged transactions . - Reconciliation with online bank or charge card downloads are much more intuitive and easy over 2001 . -LSB- Make sure you turn off automatic Accept in Options -RSB- . - transaction data entry , download reconciliation , and reports all have their performances improved much . - auto backup of the 17MB file is much quicker now than in 2001 . Other reviewers have disliked some Money behaviors , but most of them can be changed via `` Options '' . - ads can be turned off - registration reminders can be turned off - MoneySide can be turned off - Auto Accepts during download can be turned offOverall , MS Money 2002 is much improved over 2001 in performance and features and GUI .
 I love this program . It is slick and powerful , and is now multi-threaded , so it appears to run faster than previous versions . I think this is the best version of MS Money yet . Sure , some of the neat , fringe features of previous versions are gone or dumbed down , but what remains is more than what a normal person like me needs . Obviously do n't have to upgrade if you 've got a previous version , or switch from Quicken if that 's what you use . But this program is an awesome financial manager , despite the few caveats some users have mentioned , and is well worth the -LSB- price -RSB- or so -LRB- after rebates -RRB- that it 'll cost you .
 I love this program . It is slick and powerful , and is now multi-threaded , so it appears to run faster than previous versions . I think this is the best version of MS Money yet . Sure , some of the neat , fringe features of previous versions are gone or dumbed down , but what remains is more than what a normal person like me needs . Obviously do n't have to upgrade if you 've got a previous version , or switch from Quicken if that 's what you use . But this program is an awesome financial manager , despite the few caveats some users have mentioned , and is well worth the -LRB- $ -RRB- or so -LRB- after rebates -RRB- that it 'll cost you .
 I would recommend this product to anyone . I have recently upgraded from Money 2001 and am taking advantage of the new features . One important improvement is that Money 2002 can easily itemize your paycheck , including taxes and pre-tax deductions . With this new feature , Money 2002 was able to give me a very accurate estimate on my Taxes for this year . It also linked the pre-tax contributions to my 401k on my paycheck with my Money 401k account . Another improvement is that you can set a time schedule for when you want Money to download your account statements . For example , you can setup your American Express statement to be downloaded every 3 days instead of every time you receive updates over the internet . Most of the interface and features have remained the same from Money 2001 , but I appreciate the enhancements that Microsoft has added .
 I was a Quicken user for 9 years and made the switch to Money 2000 , then 2001 . I recently downloaded Money 2002 Trial version and was very happy with it which lead to my purchase of Money 2002 Deluxe.Here 's some baseline stats on my system : AMD Athlon 1G with 256 MB RAM . My money file is about 17MB large -LRB- containing all transactions since 1991 -RRB- . Things I really liked : - reports run much faster now . -LRB- in Money 2001 , reports used to take 30-60 seconds ; now they take less than 10 seconds ; this is still much slower than Quicken 's , but is improving -RRB- . - `` Income vs. Spending Over time '' graph is now part of the report . This allows for graphing monthly income vs. expense side-by-side . This was alwasy available in Quicken , but not in Money till 2002 . - Very clean and nice GUI - Customizable home page with Follow-up notes , Spending Progress , Flagged transactions . - Reconciliation with online bank or charge card downloads are much more intuitive and easy over 2001 . -LSB- Make sure you turn off automatic Accept in Options -RSB- . - transaction data entry , download reconciliation , and reports all have their performances improved much . - auto backup of the 17MB file is much quicker now than in 2001 . Other reviewers have disliked some Money behaviors , but most of them can be changed via `` Options '' . - ads can be turned off - registration reminders can be turned off - MoneySide can be turned off - Auto Accepts during download can be turned offOverall , MS Money 2002 is much improved over 2001 in performance and features and GUI .
 For those of you considering buying Money 2002 , I 'd suggest going to the Microsoft website and downloading the trial version first -LRB- which * is * the Deluxe version -RRB- . It has a two month lifespan , which is perfectly adequate for figuring out whether you will like the product or not . I 've spent the last two days mucking around with it and I really like what I see . I like the ` dashboard ' functionality where you set up all your account details , portfolios etc , and then Money will tell you which stocks are doing well , doing badly etc. . I am very wary of linking bank accounts directly into the internet , so in the meantime I 'm just downloading stock information . It is a bit limited on the international stocks side , and the US product is -LRB- surprise surprise -RRB- catered for US tax law and US investments -LRB- eg
 I am a former Quicken user , but I was dissappointed in some of the functionality of Quicken as far as Paychecks , Home Inventory and 401K were concerned . I switched to Money , and I love it ! It is like having a Finance Expert in your computer -LRB- much more so than Quicken -RRB- . I do have two minor complaints . The first complaint is that the downloaded transactions do n't match as well as Quicken 's did . Be careful to double check your entered transaction versus the downloaded one before accepting it . The second complaint is that when I do an electronic transfer , it tries to connect to the ISP right away . When I cancel the attempt to connect , I figured it would just queue the request for later . That did n't happen , it just treated it like a non-electronic transfer , therefore the money never transferred accounts at the bank .
 As people who have used both programs know , Money and Quicken are effectively the same as for substantive content . Money has a slightly sleeker look-and-feel to it , consistent with Microsoft products , if that is important to you.The reason I give it such good ratings is that , as a Quicken-user since 1997 , I finally got sick of the ever-dreaded Quicken-crashes . I upgraded to Quicken 2002 , which is probably the most unstable code Intuit has audaciuosly relased to the market to date . I have found Money * so * much more stable that it WELL WARRANTS the short learning curve frustrated users of quicken will have to make the switch.The common complaint about Money is the ubiquitous advertising . However , these can be turned off under Tools ... Options and never heard from again , so I consider a bit of a non-issue -LRB- besides it being slightly obnoxious that Microsoft would try to pass them off in the first place -RRB- . Conversion from Quicken is really quite easy . Even Quicken-purchased checks work seamlessly .
 They are making Money more and more like you 're expected to have a broadband 24x7 connection to the Internet , plus there are several other annoying features like the necessary Microsoft Hotmail/Passport account necessary to login . Also , the online synching is very poor , ca n't even cancel it in many cases when it takes FOREVER .
 I have used money 2000 and 2003 and think that it is great for keeping track of your personal finances . You will know what you owe , what you have , and what you will have left after you pay what you owe.First off , I was can ' believe that money has some of these low ratings . I tried to use Quicken Deluxe 2000 when i got my computer and I just never felt that it worked very well . Things like balancing my account and paying bills online were very difficult and I eventually gave up . The only thing better about Quicken than money is i must admit they have a much better web site than microsoft money . It 's free so I 'll buy money and use the Quicken web site for free . I advise the same.Money has a more aesthetically pleasing layout , updating my accounts are almost effortlesss and in some cases automatic , and online integration is a major plus considering that i pay more than 90 % of my bills online . Money enters all these payments automatically into my credit card or checking account.The biggest thing that i like about money is the way that you can use it to track your portfolio . You buy you stocks , bonds , ect then update the prices as often as you like with delayed quotes in money . You can also enter them manually if you need to . For example the company i work for has a coperate stock fund that does not have a ticker symbol since it basically market times its own stock and federal bonds , but i can go to my 401k website and it will give me an nav which i can manually enter into money.Alot of the negative reviews seem to be from people that seem to be a little afraid to take time to learn the system . I admit it does take more than a day or even a week to get the total hang of it , but If you are willing to invest time to track your finances Money is definitely an application you should consider .
 I have been using Money for the past 18 months -- and upgraded to Money 2002 earlier this year . I found it relatively simple to use , and have come to rely on it to manage and track my finances . My only criticism is that it seems to have difficulty if you are self-employed and pay estimated taxes rather than have taxes withheld by your employer . As a result , I do n't use it for tracking my income/taxes for tax preparation purposes , but it certainly comes in handy when you need to figure out capital gains , charitable donations , and other deductions when it comes to tax time .
 Microsoft Money Deluxe 2002 has won every recent comparison I 've seen in both personal finance and computer magazine reviews.When you buy TaxCut Deluxe you get a free rebate for the TaxCut State product too . In the end , you get three great products for an unbelievable price !
 I 've been using Financial Planning Software for almost 20 yesrs . I started with Managing Your Money then switched to Quicken and then switched to Microsoft Money . I prefer Money because of its easy to use interface and tight integration with MSN 's Moneycentral website , which I use for portfolio tracking . This update contains several improvements I like , especially the ability to email reports . I track my Mom 's finances for my family and email reports to my brother and for her each month . I recently refinanced my mortgage and it took about 2 minutes for my printer to spit out all the information I needed for my lender . I 've planned a budget and can check it anytime I want . And , the software has terrific planning modules for college savings and retirements . No software is perfect but this is one package I use regularly .
 pros
 For all of you out there , who were unfortunate to use Money 2001 , this is a great upgrade ! The speed is phenomenal , the functionality is much cleaner , and online banking is more intuitive.If you are using Money 2000 , it is still a worthwhile upgrade , since there is no degradation in the performance , and you get more functionality , some of it , is very usefull.Some of the really useful new features are : -- online statements are inserted authomatically into your account register , showing new transactions in bold , so you can approve them . -- all the toolbars are customizable , which means you can create only functions that you are usually using and put them on top , instead of the satandard menu -- reports are enhanced , and they are faster too .
 You need 2 computers to use Money 2002 . The one with the keyboard and the one on your shouldersManaging your financial life is an inherently complex process . Integrating and updating constantly changing information from credit cards , bank accounts , loans , mortgages , investments , 401Ks , IRAs , etc. and displaying that information in a coherent and useful way is never going to be `` simple '' . To think that software can do that without substantial effort from you is simple-minded , regardless of whether you use Money or Quicken or any other product . You have to read the manual , spend some time in the Help files and explore the program . If you do , you can make it work the way you want - no Moneyside if you do n't want it ; no registration nags if you do n't want them ; no advertising if you 'd rather not see it . What you get is a complete and up-to-date picture of your finances presented in a way you can use.The one complaint I see here that I do think is valid is the way MS has tied Money 2002 to Passport . I do n't care for that either , but the rest of the program is sufficiently useful that I am willing to overlook it.Money 2002 is a comprehensive and effective tool for managing your finances , but you 're going to have to bring your brain with you when you use it .
 I purchased Money 2002 Deluxe as an upgrade to the existing version I was using - Money 2001 Deluxe . The features in the 2002 version that was most helpful to me includes :1 . Being able to undo an action -LRB- e.g. especially for those times when you delete a transaction in error -RRB- 2 . Having more printing options , especially in the `` forecast '' cash flow section . I 've always found the older version had limited printing capabilities .3 . Being able to flag transactions for later follow-up or making notes , similar to to-do action items .4 . The home page is more customizable , so I could `` see '' at a glance my spending habits , to-do actions , cash flow , etc. 5 . The Bills and Deposits section is much more improved - though it takes a bit of getting used to in the beginning.The feature I did n't like is Microsoft integrating the money file with a Passport account . While it adds another level of security , i.e. having a password to access the money file , I think it is just Microsoft 's way of pushing their Passport technology . Fortunately , Money can be used offline - so it 's neither here nor there regarding the passport option . All in all , I think it 's a great product .
 Money 2002 is the software you need to keep track of how you are doing money-wise . It downloads your statements , predicts cash flow , helps you keep on budget , helps prepare tax , educates you on financial matters ... This list can go on and on.I was a bit skeptical about whether I would benefit from a personal finance software , but decided to try it out . It has since then made my life easier and helped me really plan `` events '' . The plusses :1 > Interface - neat and intutive .2 > Download of account statements - if your bank offers it , you will not even have to key in the info , just see it ! 3 > Synchronization with MSN Money .4 > Planning tools - budget , lifetime , ... 5 > Portfolio analyser.The minusses :1 > MSN Money requires you to sign up for Passport or Hotmail .2 > I could n't find any kind of account whose type was `` CASH '' . I mean if I pay for something or get some money in cash , I can not keep track of it straight away ... Should be there as people still do transactions in dollar bills : -RRB- As with any software that assists you - the more and accurate information you give to Money the better it will be .
 After using Vista for nearly a month , going back to XP seems like walking five years into the past . Overall it 's a beautiful system . It has kinks - like User Control annoyances and a lack of available drivers for 64-bit , made worse by the requirement they be digitally signed . As far as the functionality , an excellent choice.If you 're tech savvy and do n't mind not being able to call Microsoft for support , this is a product for you .
 This is definitely the best windows OS at the moment.Unlike other reviews that seem to indicate otherwise on the web , I have found Vista made my system faster then when I had win2k running , and I do n't really have a power machine either . -LRB- running sempron 2600 64 , 1 GB ram , 256mb basic video card -RRB-
 Vista is good . Alot of people talk trash but I enjoy the features , but then the computer I built to go along with this OS is real highspeed-lowdrag -LRB- AMD 2.31 GHZ phenom quadcore , 4 GB DDR2 1066HZ RAM , 2x NVDIA 8800GT in SLI configuration , all on one of the worlds best mother boards the ASUS crosshair II formula . -RRB- I needed the 64 bit version to read all of the system memory that I have , since 32 bit will only read 3GB total , including what you have on your video cards . Buying this version instead of the regular version is what will save you money . You are allowed to buy this product even if you arent a system developer or whatever arbitrary term microsoft uses , the draw back is is that you can not tranfer windows once you have installed it on a computer . Essentially the PIN number becomes tied to your mother board . Your mother board dies or whatever and so does your version of windows.So yes , this is cheaper , but it comes with a slight risk . I took it and Im happy .
 Vista x64 is a necessity if you want to use more than 3.5 GB -LRB- or so -RRB- of RAM -LRB- 2GB per application -RRB- . It 's rock solid and has better driver support now -LRB- 1-1/2 yrs after introduction -RRB- than when I bought it , but even then , it ran flawlessly on my MacBook Pro and Mac Pro . My Mac Pro has 6GB of RAM , and Vista x64 sees all of it . This is a plus for people who use Photoshop and other high-intensity applications . To tell the truth , I 'm not really sure why Microsoft did n't make Vista 64-bit only , since all processors in modern computers are 64-bit . Vista 32 alone takes up over half the available max RAM , and does n't leave much for applications.FYI
 Some notes about Vista in light of previous reviews
 Having recently -LRB- Apr 09 -RRB- built an Intel DX58SO -LRB- i7 -RRB- - based system , I wanted to see full performance from day-1 . All my historical software has been compatible with 32-bit Vista , and after reading a lot of -LRB- hate to use the term , but -RRB- whiney reviews about 64-bit Vista being incompatible with `` all my important software '' and `` no drivers available '' I still decided to dive into 64-bit Vista with the intent to upgrade to Windows-7 when it is released later in the year . An OEM version is highly restrictive , but it 's not that difficult to anticipate needs and install all the necessary hardware prior to installing that version , especially in view of a highly praised upcoming new release , and an OEM version saves a significant amount of money . I like to keep in mind that it is NOT Microsoft 's responsibility to write drivers for every peripheral in the world , it is the OEM 's responsibility to write a driver for their product to provide compatibility with the reigning OS of the day , and to keep them upgraded as new OS hits the horizon !!!! NO REGRETS !! Pioneer CD/DVD DVR2920 ran without a hiccup . My four year old wireless Logitech keyboard & mouse worked from power-up . 64-bit drivers for my Canon iP6600D printer readily available . Likewise for an LiDE100 scanner and a CanoScan 9950F scanner -LRB- all tested , all working without problems -RRB- ! The RAID controller on the Mobo set up flawlessly once the Intel drivers were installed.Adobe Photoshop Express installed in 32-bit emulation mode and is running like a champ . Even dropping in a couple of fairly obscure plug-ins were no issue ! Nero-9 installed in 32-bit emulation mode and is running like a rocket sled !! Plugging in a Sony DV camcorder received a nearly instant `` installing drivers '' pop-up and thereafter Nero was in control of the camcorder for DV downloads
 The caveat : All my comments are strictly relative to Microsoft products.I bought this OS after a year with an HP Pavilion that was produced during the great Vista wars when all the branded folks were refusing to build drivers for the new OS . HP had no compatible drivers , even for their bundled peripherals . After a nightmare year in which MS , to their credit , tried mightily but vainly to get my system to install SP1 and zero help from HP , I decided to wipe out every character of that nasty HP bloatware code . It worked . I 'm now 100 percent HP free and my system is compatible with the world of computers . It 's also much more stable . The problems with 64-bit are largely gone now and I am happy with my system . Anyone fighting with brand name crap-ware should , IMHO , spend the hundred bucks , do a clean installation and get on with life . There are 64-bit drivers galore available now . I 've had no problems since the upgrade .
 I did not know that a SECOND disk is required-a pre-installation disk . So , I formatted the hard drive forst , then , i LOADED the Windows 7 beta trial cd that I downloaded for free from Microsoft , which PRELOADED the necessary files , as if it were a pre installation cd , or dvd , whichever-it does not matter , it worked , as the files LOADED , then , I shut down the computer , NOY installing Windows 7 , but INSTALLING the Vista Premium . It installed perfectly , and registered perfectly , with Microsoft . Activation was immediately sucessful . I am very happy with the LOW price , of 99 . and this NEW INSTALLATION as it was eaqsy . I had to figure out tho0ugh , HOW to get it to install without a preinstallation cd , but I found out the preinstallation cd CAN BE ORDERED for free from Microsoft . I did not want to WAIT though.I am NOT a COMPANY , or SMA :
 Ive used windows rc 7.100 for the last 2 months now , and found it to be just what i wanted . It runs like xp , but looks like vista with a few tweaks . installed good , but since its a release canidate , no drivers for ie8 are out yet . my hardware loaded good except for a few things that i had to hunt down , crashed a few times while i worked out the bugs , ie the suspend would crash , luckily i preordered for 49.00 . seems to run on my athlon x2 6000 very fast i got a windows experience of 6.1 which im very pleased , my hp dv 9725 has a 3.2 . if you have a system under 2 years old , youll be happy , older systems should stay with xp .
 I installed Vista 64 SP1 -LRB- OEM version -RRB- on my new build . I have had no problems with it . Runs almost all my old software and hardware , including HP and Brothers Printers . Old 32 bit software including Money Plus , Microsoft Office 2003 , iTunes run without problems . Plays DVD 's , CD and Blu-ray movies without a problem . The OS is very stable , much better than XP , and much faster . Of course , the new machine is a much more capable configuration.I have also run Windows 7 RC on a similar machine . Both OS systems are stable and fast . I would recommend them over XP , unless your hardware is old.New Computer ConfigurationAntec P183 caseAsus P6T Deluxe V2 1366 x58Intel Core I7 290 2.66 GEVGA GTX 285Antec CP 850W PSMemory G. Skill F3-12800CL9T-tGBNQ 12GB -LRB- 6x2GB -RRB- 12 G total -LRB- plus 4 G ready boost in pen drive -RRB- Seagate 1 T -LRB- data drive -RRB- WD Sata WD300HLFS Raptor 300 GB -LRB- OS drive -RRB- Plextor PX 806SA 20x DVD/CDLG Combo BD/HD H20L SataAntec 120 mm case fans x2Visio 32 '' VO32 LCD HD TVMicrosoft Vista 64 Home Premium
 Great operating system . I use it for my home theater and plays and looks perfect on a 52 '' screen . Also , watch movies , Hulu , whatever . It looks and sounds great . Hook it up with a good receiver , video card , and you get digital magic . Vista did a good job !!!
 It 's an OS that worked for me . I have since upgraded to Windows 7 .
 I would recommend this to any gamer BUT , it has problems running some older games . Also , the other big draw back I wish I would of known about , is you can not really play Game Tap anymore except for the 8-bit games ... BIG turn off to me : -LRB- Update - Games work just fine on Game Tap now : -RRB-
 I dont know what the big fuss about switching over to 64-bit software is , I have not had any problems . I would recomend to anyone doing a new build I am not sure the older comuters would have drivers available you can always check microsofts 64-bit software site and run a check on your computer if it is compatible .
 I went with Vista 64-bit when I built my dream system and I have n't regretted it . I do video and photo editing as well as game playing -LRB- likeBioShock -RRB- so I wanted a system that could handle it all . I 've got a quad-core processor , 8 GB RAM , RAID 0 drives , and an 8800 GTS video card , so certainly Vista is n't slow for me . It 's been very stable ; the only problem I have is my scanner is not supported under Vista so I need to buy a new one.We have Vista and XP machine on our home network and they all get along fine . I have no trouble recommending Vista , as long as you 've got a robust system . If you 've got older hardware check Microsoft 's site for a tool you can run that will evaluate how ready your system is for Vista .
 I first got the 32 bit Vista with a new computer for fear that the 64 bit Vista wo n't be compatible with old stuff . I used it about a year because sheer curiosity got me to get the 64 bit Vista too just to see what 's different.First thing I noticed , my favorite sidebar Gadget called Screen Snaper no longer works , even though it is written just for Vista . That 's slightly disappointing , but I can live without it.The benefit I notice is that the computer runs slightly faster and quite a bit better . That is , it does n't freeze and crash as much . Like Internet Explorer used to freeze up quite a bit , but not now . Same with Snipping Tool which I use to write handwritten emails -LRB- I have a tablet PC -RRB- . It used to freeze and crash occasionally so that my whole page is lost . Also , it had trouble erasing ; took a while every time I erase , and the more I erased the longer I had to wait . Now it erases smoothly.I was dismayed however , when I found out that I ca n't use the printer . My 2 year old Canon printer 's driver plainly says , 32 bit only , thank you ! And Canon 's 64bit software `` module '' for my old printer I downloaded from their website does n't do a thing . Then it occurred to me that I should download the 64 bit driver of a new Canon printer that looks like mine and try that . It works ! Then I remapped the port to the network printer , so I can print via the desktop instead of plugging the printer to the Tablet all the time . So , everything is good!So far , the following old programs of mine work :1 . Firefox -LRB- that 's not old -RRB- , and the flash and what not works too .2 . Corel word processing from 2004 -LRB- I like Corel better than Word . I do ! -RRB- 3 . Microsoft Street and Maps from 2002 . -LRB- It 's old , but it 's cool . -RRB- The 64 bit Vista is also cool in that you can keep a ton of programs open and it still runs without going slow . I have 3GB of ram , and even at running 10 big programs , including the sims game , only 50 % of the ram is being used . So that 's neat , although I ca n't say why anyway wants to run that many programs at once.With both the 32 bit and 64 bit Vista , sometimes the volume button does n't work . You click it to adjust the volume and nothing happens . You try to load the windows Mobility center and it loads in 10 minutes . I do n't know if it my computer 's fault or Windows fault . Everything works after a restart , though . For a while , anyway . Restarting Vista is very slow , much slower than XP.But even then , I like Vista . I like the pretty transparency effects of Aero . I also like the fact that you can adjust power settings with one click , so most of the time I run my Tablet at 5 % processor speed . I 'm typing most of the time and do n't need it to go faster . If I run it at normal speed , my Tablet gets burning hot -LRB- and probably will burn out in a year or so . -RRB- But whenever I need it to go fast , one click and I 'm back to full power . That 's one feature Vista has over XP , and for laptops that care about power consumption , it 's very handy to have.So , get the 64 bit Vista ! Just be ready to work around its problems . It 's tough to write something this big without problems . The benefits are worth it .
 good os , for all people that thinks 64-bit is bad , think again and use some proper software with 64-bit support , and check devices if they have 64-bit drivers , before buying 64-bit windows , all of the programs i use works fine in this vesion , openoffice , paint.net , picasa , foxit reader , firefox , hwmonitor , fraps , trillian , winamp , winrar , steam , and the excellent antivirus NOD32 & Smart Security works without any problems , my canon IP5200R works fine with 64-bit , it has 64-bit driversbefore you buy this version CHECK for drivers for you printer and scanner if they dont have drivers get 32-bit but if they have drivers get this versionyou can also use 3Gb or more RAM in this version , with 32-bit windows you only get 3GB max and not including graphics cardthe `` Start Search '' in startmenu is addicting!its the most useful serch , as in you can search startmenu or just type in a Command Prompt command and you open up programs , like perfmon , msconfig and ServicesAero is nice interface toNetworking has realy improved in vistavista will run best on 2GB memory or morebut it is possible to tweak itand i do recommend turning off Windows Search , System Protection , Automatic Defrag & move swapfile to second disk
 It installed easily on my Athlon 64 computer . It had all the drivers for the Tyan mb and most of my add-ons . My Adaptec 2940UW SCSI card is not recognized even after I found a driver . The driver was installed but Win said it would n't run . This is a 32 bit card in a 32 bit PCI slot . No driver is available for my sound card , M-Audio Delta 2496 but Soundblaster cards should be OK . My ATI Radeon graphics card was recognized and works great . It 's in a PCI-X slot.Vista boots up much faster than Win 2k and most programs appear to run faster . A 32 bit card game runs fine under 1 user but not under me or administrator . DOS programs apparently do n't run . I have a couple of legacy programs that I 'll use under an earlier OS.Overall , great price ; works great ; seems solid !
 I have had the product installed for over a month now , and I have no complaints about the OS . The only issue that I have encountered is that not all of my old software plays nice with my new 64 bit OS as a result I was n't able to reinstall all of my old apps . No problem I have since found alternatives for most , but still miss some . Fortunately I still have an XP machine in the house and can load the apps on that machine .
 I went back to the 32bit version after finding out that most software is not compatable with this 64bit OS .
 Vista is now the Windows standard , and rightly so . It comes with many features to let the user interact more comfortably and personally than with previous versions of Windows . Service pack one is out now and many of the errors that ruined earlier versions have been corrected . The only one `` problem '' I have come across is that the 64 bit version is a complete system hog . I have to 2GB of RAM and idle Vista alone uses 38 % of that . In addition , there are a few programs out there that do not work with 64 bit operating systems , but the vast majority however have converted their products to be 64 bit compatible . Not really a problem but worth mentioning . Overall a great product .
 As primarily a Linux user I was building a new PC for the kids . I was moderately impressed with Vista . As far as the user interface is concerned it 's little different to XP . It can be a little irritating getting all the little security messages.I ca n't comment extensively on the comparison with XP because I do n't use it . Compared to Linux it 's pretty demanding on your hardware but that 's always been the case . You really want to give this OS 4Gb of RAM but the cost of 4Gb these days is under $ 100 . The Aero effect is a nice novelty but I 'm perplexed as to why it needs so much graphical power , Compiz for Linux is a few years more advanced and requires a lot less power to do a lot more .
 I installed VISTA 64-bit on a new hand-built AMD Phenom 9600 Quad Core with an ASUS M4N78 Pro MoBo with 8 Gig RAM ... and the 64-bit works fine . It will not take some older MS programs , however with a clear message to that effect . Also I lost RegCure registry cleaner , which only works on VISTA 32-bit and is not configured for the 64-bit version due to the 64-bit VISTA yet being a much smaller market.RegCure was prompt in providing me a refund for their separate product , however , as I was well within their 60-day limit for refunds on my new RegCure purchase for this new machine.Also , it is my understanding from reviews that the new WIN-7 that I have ordered for this new QUAD-4 machine ... will depend upon this VISTA Home Premium version to overload onto or update from or whatever ... but that WIN-7 will , by its nature , then be a completely `` new '' installation and will require complete erasure of my Hard Drive ... and I will have to save elsewhere all of my personal files ... and reload all of my programs.So that makes this VISTA a `` required '' but nevertheless a `` temporary '' OS until WIN-7 . In these cases , just be sure you `` match '' your VISTA and WIN-7 versions ... i.e. , `` Home Premium '' with `` Home Premium '' etc.Thus in summary , this was a good and necessary purchase , and Amazon delivered ahead of promised delivery , and with a good price.And likely -- dependent upon what WIN-7 entails -- 64-bits and even greater will be the wave of the future ; for once way back when , 16-bit was the super standard .
 This product is XP compatable , I am not sure why that is not listed on here.In three days use I have been alerted to two hacking attempt to my computer . Not only was I alerted to this , the product STOPPED it by blocking access and gave me the IP address of said hacker/s , which can be looked up via the net.This really is a remarkable product , and I highly recommend it .
 I have been trying out different antivirus/security programs for the past month , and i like this one best . I have used norton for years and had no problems , but when i uninstalled norton , and installed this program it found stuff that norton and spysweeper had ignored . i like the anti-spyware program as an added touch .
 This software was recommended by the man who fixed my computer . He said this was the BEST!I have tried them all , and this one is the BEST ! It catches everything , and takes care of it , and lets you know what it was!Love it ! Recommend it to everyone .
 ... Not just being able to sync with whatever is on the PDA , but make a complete version of this for PocketPC . This is much superior to most of what is available in WinCE and Pocket PC 2002 . Outlook is just too complicated for the non techie to use . Like most things Microsoft , it is a bloated WHALE of a product . Not smooth like this one . Keep up the good work . I have purchased every version since v. 5 . It is that good , to me and thousands of others I 'd bet .
 I have looked all over for some good organizer software . Places like IBM want 80 bucks for lotus organizer . This software is only 30 bucks and does everything i need , sets alarms for appointments , keeps track of my to do list , and keeps addresses . If you want some good organizational software that wont break your piggybank but has a nice looking easy to use interface , this software is great .
 The truth is that this program , has been , and continues to be a bestseller . It does this year after year because it is very full featured , easy to use , cheap , and intuitive ... There are those who need the robustness of MS Outlook , but Anytime offers many of it 's features at a fraction of the cost . In addition , you will not find ANY organizer program with more layouts or printout options . Also , Anytime stores all of it 's information in one file . Backing up is easy . Outlook spread 's it 's fragments all over your computer , including the Registry . Backing it up is a nightmare -LRB- even with Windows XP -RRB- . At work I use Outlook , but at home I use and trust Anytime . I have used Anytime since the DOS days . It continues to get better and better and has proved itself to be reliable . Give it a fair try , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I like AnyTime Deluxe . I tried a bunch of other programs - different daily planners - and this one just seemed to be better . AnyTime has a feature that sends out reminders at different times , like every 3 or 4 days , or the last Friday of the month . The other calendar systems I 've tried did n't have that many variables in the reminders . I 've been using AnyTime for over 3 years , and would recommend it to anyone interested in staying organized !
 We have owned this product in Versions 7 and 9 for our law office for several years . If you need for more than one user to access the program simultaneously , as we do in the office , the program networks seamlessly . You could pay a fortune for a multi-user calendar like this from other vendors . If you have more than two users needing access , you can buy a license . I have seen many complaints in these reviews about technical support ; I have e-mailed a couple of times and received a thorough response within 24 hours . The interface for the calendar and address book is easy to use . I highly recommend the program because of features , ease of use , and price .
 Have been using this -LRB- actually version 9 -RRB- for a week or so . It seems to do everything you 'd want , and is very similar to the paper day-timer I used years ago.No problems . No complaints .
 As a teacher , I find this game to be educational and fun for children . It has upper and lower case letter matching , patterning , color matching , sorting , counting , number recognition and early reading skills . My 4 and 5 year old really enjoy it and can navigate on their own . I would consider this a good purchase .
 My 5 year old daughter loves this game . It is easy to use , fun and educational . Indeed , it is hard to get my kid off the computer once she pops in Clifford . Last night she was playing this game and I asked her if she wanted to watch Liar Liar or Bruce Almighty -LRB- she 's a Jim Carrey nut ! -RRB- . Normally she would drop everything and anything to watch either of those movies , but last night she did n't want to . She wanted to keep playing her Clifford game on the computer . That 's when I knew I had to write a 5 star review for this software . If you have kids aged 3ish to 6ish ... oh , you got ta get them this !
 My daughter has been playing this game since the day we took it out of the package . She is 6 and totally plays this for hours on end . This was a good buy , with speedy delivery , and works with up-to-date software .
 Four score and six years ago , sic semper tyrannis , nacho cheese boulevard . Condiment selection not withstanding a faceplant after a 180 . Hoochie coochie everything . It 's all hidey Ho .
 Bought from thrift store . My 4 yr old son enjoys different activities . Reinforces letters recognition , counting and different patterns such as AB-AB and ABC-ABC that children must know in kindergarten .
 My daughter is 31/2 and likes to play on the computer while I am working at mine . There are not many online games that are suitable for her and that allow her to play the game at her pace . Also , she now is quite familiar with ` buffering ' , the esc key due to the right click menu coming up , and at times she will accidently click on other links or close the IE window , making it a bit frustrating for both of us . This game solves all of this . The game fills the entire screen and it is not possible to switch to another program without hitting a very obvious stop button , which is great to me as my daughter does not end up where she does not want to be . This game has a variety of little games , with a mini clip of the characters explaining what is going on , so it is fun to watch and play . There are three levels of difficulty , and the easy one is just right for her . The game also requires only the use of the mouse so she does not have to figure out the keyboard . There are also little ` bonus ' finds for her by clicking on each person , they will say different things , and if she wants to repeat the game , it will at a harder level . Once I helped her thru the game the first time , she was off on her own . She can play it and there is some challenges , but she is able to complete the game on her own which increases the level of fun . The CD does need to be in the drive , which has n't been a pain yet as I just leave it in , but at least that keeps extra stuff off of the computer . When you do stop the game , either you have to let very long credits roll thru or kill the game . But this is not a big deal . Also , the game is an ` older ' game , but it runs fine on my machine with Vista on it , occassionally pausing when its reading from the CD . There have not been any errors when running the game . Both of us are quite pleased with it .
 We bought this and several other preschool software to be used at the local homeless shelter Clifford was the overall favorite ! So user friendly and great activities that the children love .
 This game is great . You get a lot for your money . It has three different difficulty settings and on each difficultly setting , not only do the games themselves change somewhat , but the some of interactions throughout the town change .
 Bought this game for my 4 year old granddaughter . I 've watched her play it a little . Seems to be a good thinking game . Has the child make decisions of logic which is what the game says it will do . Several months have past and she still likes playing the games .
 We bought this for our five year old who is a cliffod fan and could n't be happier . Some of the activities may be challenging or intimidating at first , but if you sit with him/her til they find their confidence their minds will soul . His favorite feature is the coloring portion with Emily Elizabeth . His second is helping Cleo gather fruit while she bounces on a trampoline . -LRB- Math basics are great and mistakes are treated fairly -RRB-
 Came within the time allowed and is a fun game . My 5 year old loves it ! It 's not only entertainment but its a learning tool too .
 My daughter loves it and it 's pretty easy to use even for a 31/2 year old !
 If your little one likes Clifford then they 'll like this game . My son is only 2 and a half and he gets a kick out of it .
 I love this cd-rom . I bought it for my nephew and he loves it and now I am getting one for my goddaughter . It 's terrific , it occupies their time instead of watching TV and it 's educational ! He loves it ! and I love it too because I can get things done around the house while he is busy .
 This was my sons first computer game . Its easy to use and understand also flexible work with the mouse . Very quickly he was able to play on his own . The game is on one hand challenging for my son yet he succeeds enough not to get frustrated . There 's a wide variety of things to do and the different levels add new interest to any given game . I think you really get allot here for your investment . Educationally there 's a little bit of everything . This CD is n't a `` learn math '' or `` learn how to read '' application but it reinforces basic skills of counting , adding , rhymes , shape recognition , planning and fun perfect for 4-5 year old .
 This is a really neat CD for kids . It is challenging , yet the game is very easy to navigate for kids . I can sit my daughter down , let her play , and not have to worry about her getting stuck because she can not navigate . This is not some cheap game that is similar to the freebies online either . There are plenty of activities that really challenge my daughter . Plus , the activities get progressively harder . I have Blue 's Clues , Stanley , Pooh , Mickey Mouse , Dinosaurs , and a few other games for her , but she likes this one best - even after some of the `` newness '' has worn off .
 My son -LRB- 31/2 -RRB- loves this game . He can easily switch the level of difficulty depending on the activity and loves the payoff in the end . He is now interested in doing mazes and patten sequencing as a result of this program . It is cute , fun and right on target for the age group . We are very happy with this purchase .
 Easy to use , educational and fun game for 3 to 5 year olds . My son , 7 , is too mature for this game now , but he used to play it a lot and learned patterns , letter sounds , rhymes and counting . My daughter , 4 , is very much into it and is learning the same things too .
 The Clifford Big Red Dog CDs for Maths & Reading are exceptionally educational & Fun for the growing Child . My daughter started saying words & sentences within 2-3 times of running the CD lessons & started to put Patterns & Numbers in Sequences , Spatial Reasoning also rather quickly.I HIGHLY recommend this Educational CD as a Learning Tool .
 My 4 & 5 year old grand-daughters loved this one . I played it myself first so I could show them how it worked when they came over . I had problems in a few areas , but those youngsters are so bright nowadays , they knew exactly how to play the game by hit and miss mouse movements . They picked it up very quickly . Same holds true for the other Clifford CD-ROM `` Thinking Adventures '' Ages 4-6 CD-ROM I purchased for them , this one helps Clifford plan his birthday party .
 We started out with Thinking Adventures , and I was so impressed , I ordered the Phonics , Reading , and now the Learning Activities . My boys -LRB- twins 5 , and younger one - 3 -RRB- absolutely love every one of them ! All three of them will take turns around the computer for at least an hour with one of the Clifford games in . Highly recommeded !
 I 've been using the Emedia Guitar CD-ROM for almost five months now and my progress is remarkable . Each newly taught guitar skill is backed up with songs and exercises to practice and refine that technique . My only problem with this product is the recorder is no better than the one included with most computers . The other built-in features -LRB- tuner , metronome and chord dictionary -RRB- are all very helpful . I 've been going to a lot of free guitar tab sites and the chord dictionary is a great help for all those chords I have n't learned yet and are rarely written out . There is also a way to slow down any song on the program , which is very helpful now that I 'm working on some more difficult stuff.I highly recommend this for anyone serious about learning .
 I 've been learning guitar from Guitar Method for about 3 months now and am very happy with my progress . The information is laid out in a very intuitive/easy to follow way . The lessons all progress very logically and keep you interested . Best of all , you learn with easy fun songs that make it a lot of fun . Right off the bat , you 've got songs to practice the techniques you 're learning . As the difficulty in techniques progresses , so do the songs . I 'm already to the point where I can play Rolling Stones and Bob Dylan songs . It 's a definite must have if you 're learning guitar .
 If you want to learn to play the guitar , get this course . Before using this course I had never even picked up a guitar . In a month , I was playing . Here it is 6 month later and I 'm playing well enough to play with just about anybody . The course layout is logical and makes learning something you ca n't help but do.Chords are introduced one or two at a time and each lesson builds on previous lessons so that what you learned early on in the course remains fresh in your mind . Couple that with the video of the author demonstrating various techniques , animated fretboard , chord finder -LRB- with a diagram and audio of the chord -RRB- and metronome and you have a great course that makes learning to play the guitar very easy . As with any learning tool , you have to want to learn and you have to practice . But , this course is a great tool to get you to playing a guitar .
 Guitar Method gives you a lot of useful techniques for learning guitar . I was very impressed with how easy it made it . I 've already got a few songs under my belt .
 I 've palyed guitar for many years and I can well appreciate the time , effort and creativity that has gone into such a product . I am impressed with its content , particularly the progression . It is very clear and well thought out ! Give us more of the same .
 In response to a previous review , eMedia will take back their products . I got Guitar Method 2 from a store and it was a little too difficult because I 've only been playing for about 2 months . eMedia was very nice and exchanged it for Guitar Method 1 . Make sure you do it in 30 days . The program is very helpful and my progress has rapidly accelerated . I 'll probably end up getting the second level after all . I also really like Zen and the Art of Guitar for a little inspiration .
 This is the greatest lesson program there is . I have tried books people showing me how to play and this is just hands down the best way to learn . I have been playing for about two weeks now and can only say you would think I had been playing for a few months . No kidding it is that good . I would recomend this to anyone who wants to learn to play the guitar .
 I 've really struggled with guitar books for many months now but I got this CD-ROM for X-mass and I 've really made a lot of progress . Having an instructor on call to see first hand how to play a chord or strum is such a plus . You can slow all the songs down to whatever speed you need them , which is also handy . I 'll definitely move on to the next level .
 I agree with everything everyone else has said . The guitar learning program is very well laid out . I am already playing some songs after a few weeks .
 Having no knowledge of the guitar this program was perfect for getting me started . It is very complete and really steps you through the basics , chords , picking and playing songs . It is well worth the price considering how far it takes you . If you already play , this CD-ROM is packed with material .
 I have n't played in about 10 years . This helped as a refresher course . Great presentation of the material .
 This software is good , and user friendly , however does not work with windows 7 . Had to use an older laptop for the software to work .
 I 've wanted to learn to play the guitar for years , but every time I picked up the instrument the only thing I would ever do is pick at the first and sixth string . Let 's face it
 this program really works ! And its also for lefties.Its really cool ! after a month youlle be amazed at what you can do !
 After reading these reviews , this sounds like the software I need . The question I have is
 My son loves these games and we have all of them . This one is our favorite . The graphics are wonderful and there are 3 seperate games to play ! So the player goes throught the game 3 times to find 3 seperate treasures . Each game takes over 2 hours to complete . Fun stuff for a maniac ISpier like my son-Enjoy !
 This program is NOT Macintosh OS X Native compatible . The publisher made an error on the packaging . To run this program on an OS X system , you must have OS 9 installed as well -LRB- OS X Classic -RRB- . This program will NOT run on Macintosh systems that do not have OS 9 or below installed.This program will run in Classic Mode -LRB- OS 9.0 -RRB- on Macintosh Computers with OS X and OS 9.0 installed . However , the program is not compatible with OS X Macintosh Computers which do not have OS 9.0 installed . Please note that some new machines will not allow the installation of OS 9 . If you have a computer that is not compatible , please follow the instructions below to get an exchange for a different title of equal value , or we will refund your purchase price . -LRB- Dealers , distributors , and their employees are not eligible . -RRB- Simply follow these steps :1 . Return complete package -LRB- box , disc , and user 's guide -RRB- within 30 days of purchase .2 . Include store receipt .3 . Indicate your choice of alternate Scholastic CD-ROM title or request a full refund .4 . Indicate that you are returning the product because it is not compatible with OS X. 5 . Mail to : Scholastic Inc.Retail Software Group 568/9557 BroadwayNew York , NY 10012-3999
 I bought these games for my nieces and nephew . . Somehow , ended up playing them all night ... Why was that ? ... There were five of us big kids and a half a case of beer ... LOL ...
 Great game . Much to enjoy . Not to easy , not to difficult .
 This is a really fun game . The kids really enjoy looking for the items . It really helps that its says the items they are to find . Great Buy !
 Really great ! Beautiful graphics , easy to follow instructions , levels to keep us going . Very fun and challenging .
 My five and six year old love this game ! It sparks their interest in things around them and now we play our own `` I Spy '' riddles in the car , at dinner or out on walks . I highly recommend it !
 A game my 5 year old loves , and my husband and I have just as much fun playing with him . Very interactive . We love that you can find 3 different treasures . My son really loved putting the treasure map together !
 I purchased this game for my 8 year old nephew , but we played the game together and both really enjoyed it ! The sounds and visual effects are clever and challenging , and reaching the end is VERY rewarding ! A good time for children and adults !
 My children , ages 7 , enjoyed the Spooky Mansion much better . There seemed to be an easier navigation than the Treasure Hunt . They were also raised to like monsters and such so the Spooky Mansion fit right in . I rated this 4 stars because of the harder task of navigating . I do like that it is just like the books which I am a huge fan of . Overall , it 's fun and great in teaching kids to read and understand what they are reading .
 I bought this game for my daughter and we love it!It is all the good things that the reviews say . And they canplay it months . It occupies the whole family.However ... I bought it as a gift for my niece and they could n't get it to work right on their new Dell . I was surprised because Ihave a Dell too and anyway all the components of most PCs are standard . We spent a long time trying to make it work and whenI called Scholastic tech support in Feb 2002 they said yes theyknew that there was a bug and they would get around to doing a patch but they could n't say when.Its April now and we are still waiting . I am following up withthem again today . But meanwhile there is a disappointed childout there.So while the game is fantastic . If you have a new computer you may want to make sure that this problem is resolved .
 This is the best game of the three software titles , very challenging and fun . Both of my daughters love to play it and solve the puzzles . Good value for the money .
 This is a fun game for little kids . My grandchildren -LRB- ages 4 , 7 and 8 -RRB- totally enjoy it . Yes , they do eventually play all the games and hear all the clues , but when they 've not played it for a while , they enjoy going back to it . It 's colorful and a bit challenging when they first get it . It does n't take long for the older ones to master it , but they still enjoy playing it . I 'd recommend this game .
 I purchased this for my 5 year old grandson but was concerned that it might be too advanced for him.Well , not only is he playing and loving it , so are my son and daughter-in-law . It 's become a great family game .
 I bought this game for my Down Syndrome daughter to play . She is 28 years old , but on a level of approximately 7 to 10 years . Before she ever saw it I had already begun playing it to see how it worked . The scenes are beautifully done , and I found a few clues hard to find , but overall it made me think and search . I thoroughly enjoyed playing it to the end . Now I 'm ready to assist my daughter in her journey through the gates ! She will enjoy it for a long time .
 My 7-year old got this for her birthday , and she raced through the first two treasure hunts in less than 24 hours . She 'd start the third hunt but I forced her to take a break ! The puzzles are just the right degree of difficulty . She can complete most of them on her own ; only a few require more experienced eyes . Highly recommended !
