 The only thing this film has in common with book it 's based on is the title . Moving the location from Southern California to New York can be forgiven , but turning the mutated population into mindless animals is unforgivable . Read the book , watch the Omega Man -LRB- which this is actual closer to -RRB- , check late night TV for an airing of `` The Last Man on Earth '' with Vincent Price , but stay away from this butchering of a Science Fiction tale .
 Let me state right from the beginning that if I had not read the book , I may have ranked the movie higher , but -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- I ca n't be that objective . Richard Matheson 's near perfect man vs. self story of isolation and terror had been made into too many bad film versions already , and this one does nothing to help the cause . Will Smith does a nice job of trying to carry the film on his well developed shoulders -LRB- nice job with the reverse chin-ups , Fresh Prince -RRB- but the plot is convoluted and the emotion is forced . Watch this , if you must , but be prepared to be hugely disappointed if you 've read and enjoyed the novel .
 I 've neither read the novel nor seen either of the movies with Mr. Price or Mr. Heston . I am a big fan of Will Smith.I watched this movie with my 13-year-old son . A pair of geeks , I found that we had to stop the movie periodically to explain some of the points my son questioned -LRB- like why Smith 's character was broadcasting in AM instead of FM . -RRB- After the first 1/3rd of the movie , I thought this movie began to have potential to stand as a metaphor for feelings of isolation in today 's society . -LRB- Gim me a break . I coach/counsel a lot of powerful , isolated men . -RRB- Sadly , in a Hollywood way , the movie started to go downhill after the 1st third . Some points that jumped out include :1 . Smith 's character is a military man who can bobby-trap an entire city block , but is unable to spot -LRB- and avoid -RRB- a simplistic guerilla trap . -LRB- Note to the colonel
 I Am Legend -LRB- 2007 -RRB- Will Smith stars in this third movie version of Richard Matheson 's classic 1954 science fiction novel . Will plays Robert Neville , here an Army colonel/scientific researcher stuck in a world decimated by a virus that was created to cure cancer . Although he is the last man on earth , he is not alone in the world . He spends his days working on a cure for the virus , and his nights locked away in a secret fortress , hiding from what mankind has become
 Let me start this by saying that I am a fan of Will Smith . I have watched everything from `` The Fresh Prince of Bel Air '' to `` Men in Black '' . I think that he is a very clever actor and usually picks his movies with care . Sadly though , this was not one of those films . The flash backs became annoying , the acting was rather ho-hum . . and WHY did they have to kill the dog ? That dog was the only `` heart '' to this film . I love ya , but next time ... do n't waste your bullets and do n't get caught in your own trap .
 I Am Legend -LRB- Widescreen Single-Disc Edition -RRB- I was unpleasantly surprised to find this movie to be nothing more than a very shallow rip-off of the 1970 's classic `` Omega-Man '' starring Charleton Heston . So little was changed , in fact , that it rapidly becomes a tedious embarrassment . I understand that few quality screenplays are being produced nowdays , but I still loath cheap reproductions of modern classics . `` Invasion of the body snatchers '' starring Donald Sutherland was another movie that was recent re-made into a poor quality clone . My point is , why bother ? Rent the earlier versions and judge them yourselves . I do n't need to spend the money in theater , nor on DVD to enshrine the sad newest rip-off versions ... Will Smith is one of my favorite actors , but his starring in `` Omega Man ReVisited '' does little to rescue this movie .
 Sigh ... I had high hopes for this film that were ultimately laid low . Will Smith is great as Neville , but why did they mix up a few different scripts , including using ideas from The Omega Man -LRB- which is still my favorite adaptation -RRB- rather than SIMPLY USE THE BOOK . I Am Legend is the greatest Vampire Novel ever written . It should be done , one day , as the book , not a conglomeration of ideas from other films . As many have said , the first half of the film is great . Smith alone with his dog -LRB- which does n't happen in the book , but when Neville does find the dog it 's the books strongest point -RRB- , traveling through a devestated New York -LRB- and done very well -RRB- . Where the movie fails though is in a few major points
 This movie was horrible . The action did not pick up until what seemed like 2 hours later . I am a fan of Will Smith and he acted well but the movie was horrible . When it was over , I said `` that was an hour and a half of my life I will never get back '' . The only reason I gave it 2 stars vs 1 was for the special effects/CGI .
 Oh what a huge disapointment this move was ... The premise was so very cool , what happens when you 're -LRB- supposedly -RRB- the last person on earth . I kept thinking the movie would have been far more interesting , if they had n't jumped into it , with Smith 's character already 3 years into living in the city all alone , and showed him gradually living and adjusting to it from the git go . As it is , your left scratching your head about all the odd things going on ... like how and why a deadly ` virus ' turns ordinary humans into panting , blood thirsty zombielike characters , whose sole motus operandi seems to be wanting to kill Smith 's character -LRB- funny how viruses will do that to you :P -RRB- There were other , equally confusing things ... in the flashbacks , we see that Smith 's character was a colonel ... yet in his basement , we see him in full ` scientist ' mode , white lab coat and all , injecting rats with hopeful cures ? ... maybe he 's a scientist/colonel lolol ... And the absolutely goofy part where the zombiething has Smith nearly in his clutches , only to be saved by a lady who strolls in from Maryland with her son , at dusk , unattacked , apparantely ` on her way ' to a colony of non-zombies somewhere ... The entire movie just lacked cohesion and the CGI 'd animals and zombies never did give the illusion of realness . So much more could have been done with such a fascinating premise . Very disappointed in this one .
 Robert Neville -LRB- Smith -RRB- is a scientist who has trapped himself the quarantined city of New York , along with his dog . He feels responsible for the outbreak of this particular virus that somewhat turns people into zombies . -LRB- Think * 28 Days -LRB- Weeks -RRB- Later * or * Resident Evil * -RRB- From time to time , Neville will trap himself a zombie and put the subject through a series of tests . However , his tests are not successful.Well , that 's pretty much it ... until like the last half hour of the film . That is a big disappointment for me . I thought it was gon na be big like his other films , * Independence Day * , * Wild Wild West * and the like . Not even close.If you wan na see it , do n't expect much from it . Do expect a lot of talking to oneself and mimicking of Shrek .
 This movie was ok . It felt slow and almost boring at one point and eventually picked up .
 Too boring . Empty movie , mindless ... I was waiting for the story to build up , but minutes were passing by and nothing . I had to keep skipping forward to see if something interesting would come up , but to no avail . I do n't know why Will Smith subjected himself to play this role , it was a bad move and movie for his career .
 I gave 3 stars instead of 1 because I really like this movie - Will Smith did an exceptional job , along with the rest of the cast . Usually with remakes , I prefer the original but not in this case ; and I really like Charlton Heston movies -LRB- referring to `` Omega Man '' -RRB- . This remake did so much better with regard to action ; what someone might go through mentally with the loss of family , let alone being the only person left on earth ; and some reality with what you see in the background of the film . So the film does well mixing some good drama and action enough to keep you from hitting the stop button because the science fiction part is so unrealistic.However , this `` alternate '' ending sucked , to put it mildly . I 'm not going to give it away , but puh-leeze . Okay , this movie IS science fiction , but this alternate ending kind of put it over the top as far as stupidity is concerned.I liked the original ending better , although sad it left me with a feeling of hope better than this version did .
 I was really disappoined with this movie . The Zombies/Vampires or whatever they look sooooo fake . Like someone else said they look like video game bad guys . I really hope someone lost there job for that POS . Other then that I thought Will Smith did a great job playing our great hero but I also think the ending was lacking
 I am not sure why he did this movie , as the original -LRB- Charlton Heston Omega Man based on same book -RRB- Is better . The plot like the book is pretty tom cruise-ish dumb , about the end of the world and so fourth . very long movie.I hope this is not a harbinger of things to come from Mr/Mrs . Smith ?
 Fresh out of the package , never before played , this HD-DVD pixeleated , skipped and threw my HD-DVD player into an error code and worse yet my HD-DVD player became locled and unrespondant.NOT Satisied .
 This movie is another off the Hollywood Post-9 / 11 assembly line . I mean , how many ways can you depict New York in ruins ? Submerge it underwater , submit it to sub-freezing temperatures , or -LRB- in this case -RRB- get rid of the population and let Mother Nature slowly reclaim the land . Oh yes , lest I forget , make sure an important landmark is destroyed ... Seriously , this clunker of a movie only made it at the box office because of Will I-Star-In-It-So-It-Must-Be-Great Smith . Substitute him in your mind with a generic actor , and the movie 's flaws become painfully evident . The premise of a mutant virus turning ordinary people into zombie cannibals -LRB- groan -RRB- is threadbare . Much of Will Smith 's presence on the screen , when he 's not squaring off with zombies , feels hollow and flat . The tearjerker moment of film , the sidekick German Shepherd getting `` euthanized '' after being infected with the virus , feels heavy-handed and scripted . I could go on and on .
 There is only one Word that describes this Movie . `` LOUSY '' . As much as I admire Will Smith as an Actor , this is not a Movie he should have Signed up for . Do n't Waste Your Time or Money ...
 I wish Will Smith would have died rather than the dog . She was the star of the show . When she died , I stopped watching and turned the TV off .
 this movie was delivere to broken and i not happy costomer because dvdwas brokem
 This movie strays way too far from the book . My son read the book -LRB- and told me about it along the way -RRB- then bought the movie . Big disappointment . If I had not known what the story was actually about , I would have been completely lost watching the movie -LRB- as it is , I was lost even knowing what the story was about -RRB- . When the movie was finished , I told my son I wanted to read the book . EXCELLENT ! You wo n't want to put it down . This book has such potential to make a really great movie ; unfortunately , this movie does not fit the bill . I have no idea what they were thinking about when they made this movie , but it definitely was not the book . Characters are nothing as portrayed in the book , which makes for a very disappointing movie . READ THE BOOK , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I loved this movie.This one star review is not a refelction of the movie itself , but of the DVD ` digital copy ' feature . I wanted to get the 2-disc edition for the alternate ending , but the fact that it purported to have a ` digital copy ' of the movie was icing on the cake ... only to get it home and find out that the ` digital copy ' is incompatible with my iPod , my iPhone , or my AppleTV.If they are going to offer this feature , they ought to make it compatible with THE largest digital media platform , which is iTunes and its associated products . Do n't rip off consumers by promising a ` digital copy ' that does n't work with anything . The point of having a digital copy is so that you can put it on digital devices OTHER than your computer . If I was going to watch it ON my computer I would just watch the DVD , or even better , I would just watch it on my television which is why I bought the DVD in the first place .
 The visuals of a post-plagued New York City was about the only impressive aspect of this movie . The last half of I Am Legend is where the massive stink bomb drops , though . Viewers are presented with ... what looks like ... body-building mummies . I actually laughed ... very hard . I also thought to myself ... why did n't the producers go the whole nine yards and dress these creatures in Major League Baseball uniforms ?
 !!!! spoiler alert !!!! !!!! spoiler alert !!!! !!!! spoiler alert !!!! !!!! spoiler alert !!!! !!!! spoiler alert !!!! I was looking forward to seeing this movie . I really like and look up to will smith . He has been good since he first stared being seen and heard . I saw this had gotten a few reviews of like 7.9 and 65 % , but I like to judge movies myself and not just read something may not be good and shut it off . My mother and I went to see this movie and it started at 12pm . After all the crap they make you watch before the movie actually starts , let us say the movie started at 12:15 . I looked at my cell and it was 1.19 pm . I thought `` holy man '' this movie is going by SO fast and it has been good so far . Then , it happened . For the rest of the movie it dragged on and on and on . When we left we talked about it on the way home or wear ever we were going . There was so much that was unexplained in the film.Now for the break down . The movie was about a lady who had found a cure for cancer . She was telling how many thousands of people were going to get to use the trials . Then you see the world sometime later and it 's deserted . There is one man and a dog . Now you would think that a movie with a man and a dog would get boring . But it did not . At first . It turns out that smiths character was a scientist . He was stll trying to find a cure for the disease even when he thought no one was alive . There were humans left but they had gotten sick from the drug that the lady had made . Here was one of the problems . They made the people look like aliens or monsters . I understand if they get sick and look all bug eyed . But these things looked like they came from another planet . Later in the movie , -LRB- when these `` creatures '' were chasing smith -RRB- he was on like the 3rd or 4th floor . They started climbing up the damn walls . Just scaling outside walls with nothing to hold onto . The movie did not explain how or why the hell these `` HUMANS , '' `` who were supposed to have only gotten sick from a new medicine . '' Could climb up walls . They showed the faces of these things a few times and they made them look like they knew they were evil and trying to kill people . So that was strange and got me thinking . Then it never really explained how smiths character was immune to the virus . So now you are left thinking about two pretty important things . Do n't you all worry , because these are not the only things that made me give this a 2 . Then there 's smiths dog . Cretin animals were immune to the air born virus but not if they were bitten . Never explained this , nor did they mention why the sickened people had turned into what looks like vampires -LRB- because if they bite you , you would get the virus -RRB- or zombies -LRB- because the way they looked and walked . -RRB- So after all this I said `` ok guess it will explain everything later on . '' The movie continued . Smiths character had been putting out radio on am and finally he was knocked out and awoke with a woman and child helping him . The lady said she had herd his message . She said there was a bunch of people in a camp some wear . Smith yelled and told her that there were no people . She was going to go and leave him there . Well in the end the zombie-pire-human type things had followed them to the place they were staying one night . Did I mention that these human some how could not go into sunlight . So they had to travel only at night ? So The evil hums started to get into the house and smith hid the lady and her sun , found a grenade and as soon as the zoms shattered the glass that was protecting him . He threw it . Killing himself and the zombies . Then it shows the lady found the military base , with other people mind you and was safe . She was talking about smiths character `` who she said was 50 something , '' they did a bad job of making him look as old as he was supposed to be had died saving the cure . Even though he gave her the cure and died for nothing . When the movie ends , you will more than likely be like UM . Actually a man in the theater we were in said `` OK '' as I was walking out . The movie was only like an hour and 40 minutes . Perhaps if it had been longer like 2 hours and 40 minutes . They could have explained more . But this movie tried to be to many different kinds of movie . If they had made it only about people getting sick and dying , and a man sill ok trying to find a cure . It probably would have been better . But there are so many unanswered questions and things that make no sense , that it is hard to enjoy . I know I will never watch it again . I am a collector of movies and I shall not buy this one . Will if you ever read this , I think you are one of the best actors I have seen in my 22 years of life . So keep up the good work . You acted great in this film . It just did n't play well with you .
 Way below expectations . Go ahead and rent the movie but do not buy it!Waste of money !
 Love Will Smith but ... this just was n't my cup of coffee . It lacked depth . At least the `` infecteds '' were not as gory looking as I had anticipated .
 Will Smith is a terrific actor and gives `` I Am Legend '' his best shot but bad editing and over use of computer generated special effects eroded all of his great acting skills . It is also unrelentingly depressing . But if you have seen `` Omega Man '' with Charlton Heston you may want to see it just to compare the two movies and the scenes of a deserted Manhattan are admittedly impressive .
 SPOILERS BELOWI honestly thought this was going to be another Will Smith blockbuster movie , but I 'm still wondering what happened in the middle of shooting this film ?? Was there a tiff between Smith and the director , or the direcor and the producer ? Who knows . The first half hour of this film is typical Smith action movie . You are reminded of movies like Independance Day and War of the Worlds right off the bat . It 's an empty city and Smith is the only survivor . Can you imagine the possibilities for this film ?? How the story presents itself is through flashbacks . Smith is a Military Commander and he apparently is in charge of finding the cure for this deadly virus that instead of curing its patients , is practically killing them . But that 's not all of it though . Apparently , some humans are not dying , but turning into bloodthirsty vampires who only live in the dark and have supernatural strength apparently . Sounds crazy huh ? Well , the movie still deserves a chance despite that ridiculous premise . I gave it a chance , but could only find myself counting the flaws and holes in the plot all throughout . The issues I had with this film were certain holes that were in the story and certain things that were left out that were critical to making this a believable story . It 's hard to believe , but with a story so complex as this , this movie should have been over 2 hours . It 's not , it 's well under and leaves a lot more to be desired.The one scene that perplexes me is the scene with the mannequin that was placed as a trap . Smith flips out that a mannequin that he saw at the video store was placed somewhere else in the city . Now here 's where it gets fishy . Smith has acknowledged that the vampires have lost all human abilities , yet for some reason that trap was set up for him in front of that building . I was asking myself , who set it up , the vampires or Smith himself ? And if he set it up himself , why would he forget about it and go crazy as a result ? The better answer was that the vampires were n't that primitive afterall , but intelligent and were setting the trap to catch Smith and eat him I guess . My question is , why did n't they run with that story , why did n't they play the cat and mouse game after that ? Instead , the film takes the direction of Smith 's paranoia and depression in a lonely world until miraculously 2 people come to New York to save him . They briefly manage to get into an argument about God of all things -LRB- hidden message -RRB- , and what results is a failed rescue attempt by 2 people who really would n't have the courage to drive all the way down there to find Smith in the first place.The ending is quite abrupt and provides no closure to the story . Aside from the first half of the movie and various special effects , this movie is a huge bust in my opinion . This could have been a thriller movie as man versus monster , but the story is about man versus conscience and man versus duty that ultimately plays out as a dull narrative as how one man reacts to the isolation around him.D +
 As many people have already said this Movie does not follow the book at all.I do not even understand why they would title the movie after the book to begin with . -LRB- Spoiler -RRB- The simple fact that the book ends with `` I am Legend '' meaning the future vamp/humans would always remember him as a monster who murdered people and live on in their dreams and future stories told to children -LRB- like a witch or Dracula -RRB- does not hold true to the movie , in fact the movie ends with `` they will remember his legend '' a man who fought for a cure.Aside from that it does n't really explain a lot and with out some background knowledge you would probably find this film a little confusing . It really is not that good .
 Overall , the main flaw of this movie was in it 's story and execution , which is quite possibly the biggest thing in a movie.I was impressed cinematically -- sweeping landscapes , great use of CGI and special effects , editing and camera angles . But , a movie needs more than that to be worth anything.I went in expecting a zombie movie -LRB- which is partly the fault of the movie execs and how they advertised the movie -RRB- , and what I got was a half-drama , half-suspense film that was too long for what it was trying to say . Too many scenes with Smith worrying about himbeing the last man on earth . Where Smith usually shines , in his predictable hero-esque roles , he fails here -- as a scientist who experiment goes wrong . His acting suits the story , but not the desperation or fear a man in his place may have . The best scene in the movie , and the one that may have been Smith 's best acting in the role , involved him and his dog and a fod hunt gone wrong . However , the movie turns or the worse when he realises he may not be the only person still alive . However , by this time in the move , the audience is a little tired , to say the least , and I ; m not sure anyone cares if he makes it out alive.I was disappointed that the movie had no elements of suspense , sans the dog hunt scene , and I left the theatre wondering if I had seen the right movie.Another gripe was the length . The story was too drawn out , and one has to reason if the writers really had a story to begin with -LRB- yes , I know it was a remake , but the other ones were definately better , and had some story to work with -RRB- . Essentially , I was caught between figuring out the genre of the movie -LRB- drama or suspense or zombie thriller -RRB- and wondering when the hell it was going to end .
 Aside from the dog , there is nothing in this film worth watching . The special effects are horrible . Why they made the zombies computer-generated instead of just having actors is beyond me , but it looked awful and I felt like I was watching a video game . Will Smith seems like a pretty nice dude in real life and he 's okay in this movie but really it 's just not gripping at all . The book is actually a million times better and it 's nothing like this movie `` adaptation '' - the two should n't even really have the same title.The way Hollywood blockbusters are going these days , it seems more likely that I will walk through a completely empty Manhattan than see a good big budget movie .
 Nothing like the book it was based on ... the animation is terrible and cartoonish , the story jumps around all over the place ... watch it once to get it out of your system.Now go read the BOOK for a much better experience !!
 This is the flattest , limp , and dull thing . After reading all these superlative reviews , this film was a total disappointment , given the great material and potential . Some good Bob Marley music does not a great film make . There is no character development , only an inexplicable unraveling of Smith , in what amounts to a slow suicide by stupid choices . This Doctor , who supposedly is super-intelligent and tough , would shoot his dog once it got infected , not slowly strangle it , each tear and emotion lovingly filmed as it leaks off Smith 's close-up . I ca n't adequately communicate what a big so-what this film is . And let me tell you , Vermont ai n't that cold -LRB- plot hole # 401 -RRB- , what about a NYC winter and the mutants ? For excellent futuristic Sci-Fi , try the film `` Equilibrium '' which is far superior , as are the series of `` Riddick , '' `` Blade , '' and `` Underworld/Evolution '' films .
 overall i believed the movie to be a disappointment for someone who has read the book in my opinion . people who havent read the book may have found this movie somewhat entertaining , however . the entire first 75 minutes of suspenseful action lead you to believe that this could be a good movie , then the last 15 minutes of climax and conclusion were thrown together in a rush it seemed like.The movie is a complete defilement of Richard Matheson 's book , and I find it appalling to know that hollywood can use the title of such a masterpiece for something that is absolute trash . i ca n't even call it an adaptation of the book . every facet of `` plot '' exemplified in the movie besides the main premise -LRB- a lone survivor of a virus vs. vampire like creatures -RRB- was tossed out the window , from robert neville 's `` legend '' he created for himself to the behavior of the vampires.so yeah , entertainment value can be there for those who are n't familiar with the book its titled after . those who have i 'm sure have found the book to be 10x the entertainment value as i have .
 Ok , I saw the trailer for this way back and I thought it looked pretty good . After seeing it , I was anything but thrilled . The story resembles the classic Omega Man of the early 1970s with Charlton Heston . Though in general I do like Will Smith , I found a number of his block buster films busted , and this is no exception . Nevertheless , the film did have some good moments and even had moments of intense drama . I am glad I did n't pay the over priced movie ticket cost to see this film , but I 'm sure it will be fun to watch on FX or AMC channel . Anyway , rent it do n't buy it . Sorry Will .
 I had anticipated a much better plot and storyline for this movie . While Smith did a wonderful job portraying the character , the ending was abrupt and needed further development .
 The special effects in this movie is top notch . The acting is pretty good as well and the story telling is pretty darn good as well . Why did n't I like this movie then ? It just was n't very fun . There was n't a lot of human interaction ... . it was basically a Will Smith monologue and while he did a good job listening to Will Smith talk to himself for over an hour gets old real quick . The zoombies or living dead special effects wise were top knotch but they were a little creapy -LRB- which is probably what they were going for -RRB- . Strangly enough everything in this movie was done well except the fun factor . This is kind of a depressing movie and nothing really good happens until the end -LRB- kind of like Will Smith 's the Pursuit of Happiness -RRB- and by the time that happens it just is n't enough .
 I greatly enjoyed Will Smith 's acting in this movie . He is a top-notch actor to begin with , and he turned in a fine performance.Yet the special effects seem a bit warmed over . Had I not seen the `` Lord of the Rings '' trilogy , I may have enjoyed them , but it seems Gollum from the movie adaptation of Tolkien 's opus has been cloned and rewarmed . Perhaps they did this to save money , having blown more of the budget on the top-notch title character , Will Smith.Of course if this is the case , I have to say I generally applaud the choice of a good actor/actress over whizz-bang SFX 's . Mostly , I chafe under the tone of despair that this movie cast . It is difficult or impossible to adequately discuss my problems with this movie without spoiling it , so in respect for movie viewers , I conclude this point here by merely saying that I flat-out DO NOT RECOMMEND this movie . -LRB- Despite Smith 's believability , depth of character , and ability to get us to care about his character . -RRB- Furthermore , do n't get me started on the extra features ! If you think the MOVIE was dark , do n't even go to the extra features menu !!!
 I had never seen the other movies or read the book , so I was n't expecting anything other than usually good Will Smith movie , like Independence Day or Men In Black . They did n't explain enough about why the vaccine for cancer was made and then how it spread the way it did . Too many plot holes and then the `` rescue at the last moment '' plot device is just way overdone . Since I bought the 2 DVD Special edition with both endings , I would have to say both endings disappointed me in different ways , either sacrificing himself to save the two others or surrender the girl zombie and save himself . Here is an ending I was expecting
 Dr. Robert Neville seems to have more incarnations than Sherlock Holmes at this point . From humble beginnings , birthing slowly in the unlit corner of the one bedroom apartment and rising from the cheap laminate desk of Richard Matheson -- this character seemed destined for greatness . Theoriginal storyreads painfully , is half cheese , half camp ... but strains the eyes continuously , and has a feel to it that is quite moving and worthy of film , graphic novel or some other type of legacy yet unknown.It would seem unlikely that this movie could be compared in anyway to the original short story / novella that shares the same title . In fact , the title might just be the only similarity . My Chinese wife , when she heard about them remaking this - yet again , said
 Do n't get me wrong , the movie was pretty good but it totally missed the point of the original story . If this was an original IP it would n't have gotten 1 star.Because Hollywood thinks that American movie-goers are simple , and will settle for the same crappy mix of self-sacrifice and sadness that has been the theme of too many movies -LRB- mixed with some cool CG -RRB- they decided to completely dumped the original meaning of the title `` I Am Legend '' ; which I might add , if I think about it in its original context is chilling and genius . The alternate ending somewhat makes up for what was shown in theaters but , they really screwed up by cutting it just to appeal to more consumers . That 's all this film was , it took a mildly popular and ingenious story and twisted the ideal into something more `` lowest common denominator '' for profit .
 When you take the title of one of the most well known and influential in the horror writers world -LRB- Stephen King and others have all acknowledged Matheson on their novel covers -RRB- , make a film and call it the exact same thing , what the viewing public rightly expects to see on the screen is a movie that if not completely following the storyline of the novel at least sticks to the basic plot . The only similarity pretty much is that the main character is named Robert Neville . There 's a few others such as he broadcasts for others to meet him at a peer if there is anyone else alive but 99 % of this film has nothing to do with the masterpiece novelI Am Legend . Plus the 1 % that is such as his apartment has reinforced shutter roller doors and other defences built in are n't relevant as we find out the vampires -LRB- and I 'm just assuming they are vampires as that 's what they were in the book but these things in the movie look more like something from The Mummy or Lord of the Rings , I guess we know why they did n't show them in the previews ie they were too embarrassed -RRB- do n't even know where he lives and are n't as the main part of the book -LRB- which influenced many as subsequent living dead zombie film -RRB- attacking his home every night.Some changes from the book obviously do n't matter such Robert no longer being a blue eyed blond haired guy -LRB- although this would have been a great challenge and opportunity to fully test Will Smith 's acting abilities -RRB- but the whole reason why Robert Neville was a legend in the book not being so in the film is simply unforgivable . I mean that is the title of the book , the whole realisation of why he 's a legend in the novel is the whole point of the title . This film 's reason , is poor and just unforgivable.Great acting by the dog but it should have appeared much later in the film as it did in the novel which made way more sense and highlighted emotion of finding out your not the last living thing on the planet.Even if you are someone who does n't care that the plot has no similarities to the original book you have to acknowledge the serious holes in the plot line . Not only did they instantly shatter the belief that he is the last living thing on earth but where did all these deer and lions come from at the start of the film since the bridges onto Manhattan were all destroyed ? Have lions gone cool there are no humans alive in North America I think I will go for a swim across the Atlantic Ocean from Africa and live there now ? For that matter how did the creepy woman and kid get onto the island of Manhattan , and what 's with the religious propaganda - `` God told me where to go . '' Did the film makers get confused and start thinking they were doing a movie of Stephen King ` sThe Standfor a while or something ? Plus where does will Smith get the electricity from to power his apartment and lab and play the blatant Shrek product placement promotion which took the valuable screen time place of could have included many cool scenes from the book ? I could sit here and type all the plot holes of this film but I can not be bothered wasting any more time on this really bad movie.Don ' t waste your time on this movie either ! ReadI Am Legendan absolute masterpiece by Richard Matheson . Hopefully one day someone will make a decent movie of that masterpiece !
 My first review with amazon begins with the I Am Legend movie 2 disc DVD set . Let me start by saying first , that the one star rating is NOT for the movie itself . Rather , it is only for the horrendous DVD presentation package . What do I mean ? Read on . I did enjoy the movie when it came out in theaters and was highly anticipating it 's release on disc , mainly so I could see all the bonus stuff and hear commentary on the film . So of course I bought the 2 disc set , popped it into my player at home and ... where the **** is my commentary ?! Oh , there is none . Well that makes sense given there were several key parts of the film that the director could have elaborated on including why he choose to make an alternate ending -LRB- but we 'll get to that in a minute -RRB- . I see on the disc it says to insert into your computer DVD ROM drive to enjoy all of the bonus material . First of all , since when do I need a computer drive with internet connection to review bonus movie material on a DVD ? Second , if you do n't have WIndows XP you ca n't watch it on your computer either ! What ******* genius thought that up . If I 'm blowing $ 22 out of my pocket then I should be able to put any of these discs in my regular DVD player and just watch the extras . And now , onto the alternate ending . On the one hand I had fun watching it because it showed more of the Darkseekers . On the other hand , the director definitely was right in not choosing this ending for the theatrical release . It was too cliche and digressed too much into zombie love story -LRB- undoing Neville 's theory that the creatures are no longer capable of human behaviors -RRB- implying that now he 's going to give up searching for a new cure . It just did n't flow well with the rest of the movie 's themes . But like I said I got a kick out of it . The other problem with this alternate ending being put on a seperate disc , is that it would have made lots more sense to just have the original movie on the first disc -LRB- WITH COMMENTARY -RRB- and have the bonus features on the second disc along with the alternate ending as a deleted scene since it was the only thing different about the movie . Why give me a copy of the same movie twice just because the last three minutes are different . So overall : The movie
 Will Smith stated in a recent 60 Minutes interview that when he and his agent were mapping out his career strategy , they noted that most of the top ten films of all time were those with lots of special effects . Films like Independence Day , Men in Black and Wild , Wild West followed . After seeing I Am Legend , I have to say that it 's time for Mr. Smith to drop the popcorn movies and put his talent to much better use.I 've seen both of the previous film versions of Richard Matheson 's novel I Am Legend . I saw the Vincent Price version -- Last Man on Earth -- when I was young and do n't remember it that well . But I have seen The Omega Man several times and , in fact , own a copy of it on DVD . The Omega Man is dated , to be sure -- 70 's hipster language and Charlton Heston do not mix . However , the opening sequences of the film , showing a deserted Los Angeles , are eerily effective . In one shot , we can see nothing moving for miles -- no people , no cars , no traffic helicopters ... nothing at all . Anyone who has been in Los Angeles can tell you what an accomplishment an effect like that really is . With good supporting performances by Rosiland Cash and , especially , Anthony Zerbe as the ringleader of the vampires/mutants , The Omega Man is flawed , but in the end , very , very effective.I Am Legend , similarly , has some fairly effective opening shots of a deserted New York City . However , on closer inspection , the viewer can see that a lot of the effect is due to CGI . The weeds growing out of the streets do n't look quite right and the delapidated look on the buildings is very unconvincing . This flaw is hammered home when Smith chases a herd of deer in his Mustang . When a lion attacks one of the deer , the effect is so artificial looking , I was wondering if Yogi Bear was going to appear next.Nowhere , however , do the CGI effects fail more completely than with the vampire mutants . In contrast with The Omega Man where the mutants are played by live actors , all of the creatures in I Am Legend are CGI . The effect is ridiculously cartoonish and wholly unconvincing . And what kind of killer virus actually makes its victims more agile ? These creatures were once human beings and now they 're able to climb up walls of Manhattan brownstones like mountain goats ? Instead of being frightened by the creatures , I found myself rolling my eyes and wondering when Hollywood was going to realize just how bad some CGI effects really look.However , the film 's shortcoming are n't just technical . The Omega Man had an extended flashback sequence showing how the virus overtook civilization . Many people drop dead right before our eyes and the horror of the situation is hammered home very effectively . I Am Legend , in contrast , gives up dribs and drabs of flashbacks -- mostly as Smith 's dream sequences . The most impressive shot in the film shows fighter jets blowing up the bridges leading into Manhattan -- one of the times where the special effects are really up to the task . However , we never get the same sense of horror watching civilization collapse that we do in The Omega Man . We see a couple of infected people fail a screening and that 's about the extent of it . We do n't see anyone mutate into one of the creatures . We do n't see dozens drop dead from the virus . The fall of civilization does n't deliver the dramatic punch to the stomach it should.Smith is alone for most of the film . Towards the end , a mother and her son rescue him and briefly move in with him . In The Omega Man , we learn about Rosiland Cash 's character and her infected nephew . In I Am Legend , however , the two characters are merely a plot device . They 're basically there to move the plot to its conclusion and nothing more . The parts are so badly written , I wondered why they were necessary at all . Instead of caring about these new characters , I spent the final part of the film thinking about what a weak job the screenwriter did on that portion of the script.The only really good thing about I Am Legend is Will Smith 's performance . He is excellent at portraying a man who is slowly going mad from lonliness . His heart is in the project even with the numerous flaws and his acting is the only really convincing thing about the entire film . Throughout the film I kept thinking that Smith 's performance deserved a better film to showcase it . I felt bad for him , but that sympathy has to be tempered by the knowledge that it was his career goal to seek out projects like this.I 'll grant Smith that some of his `` prestige projects '' like Ali and The Legend of Bagger Vance did n't do that well at the box office . Hollywood , for all the talk about creative expression , is driven by ticket sales and money . However , The Pursuit of Happyness did do well at the box office and showed that Will Smith , given a good script and a good director to work with , can combine artistic excellence with financial success without having to resort to loads of stunts and special effects . Leonardo DiCaprio chooses to work with name directors on films with good scripts in lieu of the summer blockbuster films and he still has as much influence and industry muscle as anyone in Hollywood . There is no reason why Will Smith ca n't do the same thing . He is supremely talented and intelligent -LRB- I 'm positive he could be a terrific writer , director and producer as well as actor -RRB- , should minimize his participation in films like I Am Legend and should choose projects that take more risks and aspire to more than just box office receipts . I Am Legend and other films like it are just a waste of his talent .
 This is a pretty cool story to start with , but two-thirds or so into the movie the plot starts getting pretty `` holey . '' Smith 's character mentions in his memoirs that the dark seekers are repelled by ultraviolet light . Then where did the `` ultraviolet '' light come from when the chick saves him at night by driving off the dark seekers ? Her headlights ? And of course , his human experiment had a delayed acceptance of his vaccine RIGHT IN THE NICK OF TIME before he could extract the blood out of the human subject and give it to the girl , right before he gave himself up to the creeps . And what makes the rabid humans so freakin ' strong ? It must me one helluva `` sickness '' to make infected victims of it as strong as King Kong , throwing 200 lb . Will Smith around like he was a frisbee . C'mon , guys ! Doing that just turns it into a cartoon . I would n't have been too surprised for the `` head '' dark seeker to snarl `` After I finish with him , I will RULE THE WORLD ! MMHOOOHAHAHAHHAHAHA !!! `` So if you do n't mind a progressively weakening story line , and are mostly into special effects , you will probably like this movie . Personally , I was n't too thrilled with it .
 I 'm old enough to remember Omega Man . Was it cheesy ? Yes . Was this remake worthwhile ? Not to me . I watched it and was unhappy with how poor this adaptation was . Too many logic errors . Either a lot of stuff was edited out , or a committee of the politically correct wrote this . Not one infected person of color ? In Manhattan ? Not that I care , but this was just the palp that serves for thrillers/remakes . Many I know really liked the film but they did n't know it was a remake either .
 I love Will Smith and I went into this movie BIAS , expecting this movie to be good like a majority of the movies he has been in.I was so disappointed !!!!!!! The storyline sucked , the graphics were horrible , and it was so predictable !
 Ca n't vouch for the quality of the blu-ray but this movie was really underwhelming . The only good parts of the movie were done before and MUCH better in 28 Days Later and Castaway . I Am Legend is merely a shallow Will Smith vehicle that reaches for something but never reaches anything more than an unsatisfying and bad way to spend a couple hours .
 I like Will Smith , who does n't ?! I wanted this film to be a hit but it is a dull film . It looks wonderful on Blu-ray ! Will Smith has not got much to do in the film and his performance is weak . CGI is not as awful as alot of reviewers have said but it 's not the best either . Uninteresting plot and the story is not engaging , I really did n't care what happened to anyone at the end . The Blu-ray disk has an alternative ending . Very disappointing .
 I was so looking forward to watching this movie this weekend . But the HD-DVD combo disc I bought from Amazon is defective . Terrific ! Check your purchases carefully , as lots of these are being reported as problematic . Make Warner and Amazon give you a quality product for your money .
 The beginning was strong but it did not maintain the suspense as the movie continued . Over all I did not like the film . Will Smith 's movies always have great special effects , but they seem plastic to me . I did not like computer generated super man zombies for instance . The Last Man On Earth , from the 1950 's is a much darker movie with it 's child burning pits ! However the Vampires were cheesy and is in black and white . Check out Omega Man , from the 1970 's for a stronger movie . A lot less special effects but a much stronger performance . Best of all check out the book , I am Legend . It is a dark masterpiece and will break your heart .
 Get the single disc , most of the extras on the two disc are only viewable on a Windows PC via the internet and are only `` valid '' till March 2009 - i.e. they 'll expire and wo n't be hosted on the web after that ! 2 Disc = Rip Off . While I enjoyed the movie , I was expecting to have the normal two disc extras available on the 2nd DVD to watch on my DVD player . Well , the only thing on the 2nd DVD is an alternate ending to the movie . All of the good extras -LRB- how it was produced etc. -RRB- , are only viewable -LRB- not save-able -RRB- on a Windows Computer -LRB- uses MS specific stuff -RRB- that you hook to WarnerBros through the internet and will only be available through March of 2009 , at that point those extras go poof and you wo n't be able access them - nice . I would n't have bought the two disc version for just the alt ending and having the extras not viewable on my TV and then expire in less than a year .
 The biggest problem with I am Legend is the same problem that Hollywood had with The Omega Man . All they have to do is to make the book from Richard Matheson into a film and do n't add anything or take anything . Yet both times they have tampered with the material and both times they end up producing less than average results.A doctor finds himself almost alone in a city trying to find a cure for a cure for cancer that has gone horribly wrong turning people into starving rabid but rapid zombie-ish type creatures that run through the night killing people . The action sequences are mostly of the nightstalker hunting or cure finding sort . Lots of the time Will Smith is left talking to himself , his dog or having flashbacks before the plague.This latest attempt at I am Legend is not an outright disaster . The empty New York set design and Will Smith do save the dodgy CGI nightstalkers and a script that simply deviates too much from the original concept . It is still something you can watch , maybe even enjoy at times , but that is not the point . This is not I am Legend and that is bad because this simply is n't the film we wanted to see and it 's the second time Hollywood has got it terribly wrong . It makes matters even worse that we have been waiting over 12 years for it since an Arnie version was announced but then dropped . Third time lucky maybe but not even three stars for this effort .
 I am a long time fan of Will Smith , and enjoyed Richard Matheson 's novel `` I am Legend '' . I thought the combination of the two would be a little bit of heaven . The first half of the movie met , and exceeded , my expectations for a decimated world populated by feral humans , and Will Smith . Exciting , with amazing visuals , and Will Smith 's portrayal of the last man on Earth - Neville . Torn by loneliness ; racked by horror at the terrible turn his efforts to help humankind took ; and survivor 's guilt . The efforts to live day to day , and the constant fear wearing away at Neville 's humanity . The first half of the movie is electric ! The last half of the movie is so bad , it seems that a different movie was tacked onto the end.SPOILERS -- SPOILERS -- SPOILERSThose infected with the virus are not shown until half way through the movie . The director was wise to take the `` Jaws '' approach in not showing the antagonists , as their appearance is more cartoony than frightening . The infected people have the energy level , and attitude , of an angry house cat , with the appearance of , well , hairless CG people . The director always uses the startle factor to introduce the infected onto the screen . Probably because the infected are n't particularly startling in , and of , themselves . At least one of the infected show that they are capable of higher thought , through cunning and tool use , but for some reason - a -RRB- Neville does not seem to notice this fact , even though he is a victim of it ; and b -RRB- the infected folks ability to do more than scream , run , and eat is abruptly dropped from the film , as though it had never happened.The human acting performances in the second half of the film go from 60 to zero in 10 seconds . There is a lot of staring between the actors at this point . Perhaps , they were emoting , but it came across as simply staring . Lifeless . Boring . Kind of silly . The movie finally ends -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- with a big unhappy -LRB- Boom ! -RRB- , and a big happy -LRB- Hurray . We 're not alone . -RRB- . The movie starts as a fast-paced roller coaster ride , and ends as a slow , dull , still photo . The first half of the film is 5 star , all the exciting way ! The second half of the film is minus 7 stars , all the boring way . Overall , a 2 star ; do n't - waste-your-money ; just-catch-it-on-television ; film .
 Just like my title states , I felt as if they hurried this movie and so the CGI suffered . The zombie/mummy/whatever-they 're - called were very cartoonish . GREAT concept and story , but not a good film . I also felt as if Will Smith 's acting was n't his best . It almost seems as if his mind was elsewhere . If they had spent more time on this film -LRB- particularly the CGI -RRB- , it would have been one of the decade 's best . I think I 'll wait for the remake so that they can get their CGI to where it looks better than a Disney/Pixar movie . Actually , I think I 'm just going to order the book instead .
 An L.A. cop and a murder victim 's father struggle with their realization that all women are prostitutes in this washed-out DVD of a middling 70s thriller . Burt 's amusing flippancy in most scenes undercuts what elsewhere tries to be a morally murky drama , and long romantic scenes dull the thriller pace . The picture 's blatant misogyny does n't help matters.Most of the scenes are set bound so except for Burt 's sweet ride we do n't get much period flavor . The whole thing plays like a very foul-mouthed T.V. episode and the vulgarities are so plentiful and tin-eared that even by today 's standards they may shock.Amid some rank overacting , Eddie Albert as the affable but venal villain clearly steals the picture .
 I like these types of movies , and saw the DVD on sale for $ 9 , so I gave it a look . With Burt Reynolds and Catherine Deneuve being movie legends I figured what did I have to lose . Unfortunately , the movie really misses the mark and is not very good , except for the message . Slow and predictable , it reminds me of a bad Frank Sinatra 's movie.Robert Aldrich , who did a masterful job on `` The Longest Yard - 1974 '' was the director , and he and Burt were the film 's producer . The film really needed a good producer and it might have been better . However , it was great to see Deneuve in a U.S. film and the DVD quality is very good .
 Would you believe there was time I thought Burt Reynolds was a good actor -LRB- Sharkey 's Machine -RRB- ? But even in `` Deliverance '' I did n't think he was that great . I just keep seeing him as `` The Bandit '' driving around , making an a ** of himself , while being chased by Buford T. Justice -LRB- Jackie Gleason -RRB- . I also realize how bad an actress Catherine Deneuve was when I watched this flick . Beautiful and gorgeous , but terrible acting.Burt kinda ' plays his old Dan August part in this movie . The interaction between Reynolds and Deneuve borders on hilarious ; when they 're trying to be serious . Seriously.It must have been that period of time when acting was different . Even Paul Winfield comes across like he 's doing a reading at an audition . His scene with `` The Albino '' is terrible -LRB- i.e. stereotypically laughable -RRB- . Ben Johnson and Eileen Brennan contribute to this slow , laborious undertaking in establishing the plot . Ugh !
 Slow , murky and joyless , Hustle has little to recommend it.Burt Reynolds and Paul Winfield are dull as dishwater -LRB- dirty dishwater just about sums this movie up -RRB- and the plot - about a dead stripper and her war Veteran father - is about as exciting as watching paint dry . The whole thing could have been wrapped up in a -LRB- very -RRB- average episode of CSI.Catherine Deneuve is cute as Reynolds ' hooker girlfriend , and I had fun pretending to myself that Ernest Borgnine 's police chief was the same character as the one he played in The Poseidon Adventure . Yes , Hustle was that boring
 Hustle is an attempt at the film noir of the 1940s . A clean shaven -LRB- and tougher looking -RRB- Burt Reynolds is a streetwise L.A. detective with a problem . He 's fighting crime while committing somewhat of a crime himself
 Despite a cast that ought to be a recipe for success , `` Between Strangers '' is a plodding film that recycles cliche after cliche after cliche . The characters are one dimensional ; the dialogue is amateur , and though the cinematography is rather good , the editor should have been fired . Films that deal in human relationships need to be directed with an eye for nuance and subtlety . It is as if Ponti had fashioned whatever point he was trying to make into a spike and then drove it into your head with a hammer.Lacking the sophistication of `` Lost In Translation '' , the loving and poignant melodrama of `` Far From Heaven '' and the sense of urgency of `` The Hours '' -- a flawed but very worthwhile film -- `` Between Strangers '' is not even adequate . There is , alas , really nothing good to say about this film . That is a shame .
 This movie bites off of so many other movies . There is very little that viewers of New Jack films/peliculas de Nuevo Joaquin have n't seen before . With the exceptions below :1 . Allen Payne is finally in a leading role . With the exception of `` Jason 's Lyric , '' he 's almost always a bit player . As fine as he is , it 's great seeing him front and center . But you can tell he 's aging .2 . That adorable young actor from `` Soul Food '' is in this . He 's a teenager now and I wish his career well .3 . That scary older actor from `` Tales from the Crypt '' and `` Sugar Hill '' is in this , so you know this movie is a dark one . But he scares me so much that I applaud his skills . Move over , Christopher Walkens ! 4 . This took place in Boston . With the exception of New Edition , the black community in that city is hardly brought up in the media . It 's great to see this film as an exception . And I do n't think this was filmed in Toronto
 Although I am a big fan of Have Gun Will Travel , I have to give this DVD collection a thumb 's down . An integral part of the series was the closing theme song . -LRB- remember the boys singing this while walking along the railroad tracks in Stand By Me ? -RRB- The loss of the Ballad of Paladin from the DVD renders it incomplete for any true fan of this classic series . If someone knows the story behind this , please let me know .
 Its been over two weeks and I still have n't received this order or an email saying why !
 Viewed
 Emilio Estevez is a riot but even he could n't save this film . Though it had a couple of funny gags , the rest of the spoof just felt silly in an unfunny way and mostly on the boring side . Sam Jackson was hit or miss in this , and all I have to ask is , what ever happend with the whole microfilm thing ?? All in all , just plain weird and not so funny .
 ... unfortunately , mostly with blanks ! Being a big fan of action flicks , particularly the ` Lethal Weapon ' series , I was hoping to get a few chuckles from the endless array of action-movie-cliche spoofs , deadpan dialogue with plenty of double-take-producing double-entendre & puns , and silly sight gags that would doubtlessly pop up in this genre parody . You know , kinda like the ` Naked Gun ' flicks , but even more over-the-top . Only problem is , most of the gags fall flat , or were just plain dumb . Add Jon Lovitz -LRB- a poor man 's Leo Getz -RRB- and William Shatner -LRB- the leader of the bad guys -RRB- , two of Hollywood 's most sure-fire movie-killers , and you 'll be looking to UNload your weapon on the fools who came up with this nonsense!There are a few upsides , however . I thought Emilio Estevez and Samuel L. Jackson were the perfect choices for the leads -LRB- basically take-offs of LW 's Mel Gibson & Danny Glover -RRB- ; they just did n't have a decent script to work off of . And it 's good to see James `` Scotty '' Doohan finally get a bit of work outside the Trekkie convention circuit . But , other than these few bright spots , there 's not much else to like about this subpar spoof.My advice
 The National Lampoon folkes missed the mark with this one . Most of the jokes fall flat , and the acting is terrible . I love the `` Vacation '' series , and do not know if this flop was due to bad writing or bad acting , or both . It takes a lot of effort to sit through the entire movie .
 Curiosity itself will make you want to check this out . Ok , well I watched and here are a few thingsPros
 This was more of a horror movie and is not what the actual drug &#34; ecstasy &#34; does to a person . This director/producer obviously has never done the drug or did not research it very well .
 Let me just say that this film was a complete waste of time . Thank goodness I hired it instead of purchasing it . This has got to be one of the worst drug related films I have ever seen . The problem with this film is that there are too many clich&eacute;s , the story line in weak , and the acting was very B grade . I did n't even know any of the actors in the film . The worst part of this movie was that there was no resolution , no proper ending.If you want good drug related films I would recommend the following : Requiem for a dream , Thirteen or Love is the Drug.Please do n't waste your money on this rubbish .
 This movie was a waste of my time . I was waiting for it to pick up but I gave up after 35 minutes . It was really boring about a girl who could n't rely on her mother anymore for support . She had to get a job , try to sell the car she could n't afford payments on , etc. . Never really got to the romance part because it was taking too long .
 `` Jean-Michael Basquiat
 I nearly gave this 1959/1962 movie one star , and had second thoughts and generously gave it 2 stars . It probably deserves 1 star , but I was feeling generous.This movie seems to have a combination of English and German speaking actors in a thin plot designed to expose as much flesh as possible . I pondered including the pedigree of some of the actors , but was never able to get enthusiastic enough to do the research . There are some pretty awful B-movies about , and this one is one of the worse.Supposedly a couple is hiring a bunch of dancers to go to Singapore . After some mildly racy scenes at the beginning of the movie -LRB- as in you see some panties - or bikinis , or both -RRB- , everyone hops on a twin engine propeller plane to head for Singapore . Somewhere along the line the plane gets four engines , and the plane then crashes in flames . Miraculously , the dancers and the couple survive . The pilots are conveniently died . Personally , I think that any pilots that can magically change a twin-engine plane to a four-engine plane should have been magical enough to survive.The survivors reach an island where they quickly discover a professor in a giant spider web , which yields the original German title , `` Ein Toter hing im Netz , '' which is , roughly translated , a dead one hung in the net . Sadly , that scene was probably one of the high points in the movie . Soon women are shedding clothes , but the only living male on the island wanders off to be attacked by a giant spider . The giant spider was probably mutated by the uranium that may have been on the island , which is what the professor was seeking . Remember that in the 50s and 60s radiation explained nearly everything , including dandruff , bad breath and male dysfunction.For the rest of the movie we see the now mutated guy looking sinister and occasionally killing someone . The rest of the time the movie focuses on the hot babes wandering about the island in various states of undress , including some nude scenes -LRB- depending on which version of this movie you have - some versions delete the nude scenes -RRB- . The food starts to run out and things are looking grim when a couple of fellows show up . What follows is steamy romance . The spider guy appears again , there is some running around and screaming and yelling , spider guy kills a couple of people , the movie ends , and you wonder what the heck it was all about.This silliness seems to be an excuse to see the ladies in their undies and skinny-dipping in the ocean . The plot , what little there is of it , is very thin . We hardly see the spider guy once he is created , and we only see the spider -LRB- which looks very sinister -RRB- a couple of times at the beginning of the movie . Mystery Science Theater 3000 did a lampoon of this movie , but I have yet to see it . I have to believe the lampoon is better than the original.I have seen many of these movies . Many of them are weak , or outright bad , but most of them have at least some redeeming characteristics . This movie is just too bland and boring to be very interesting . The picture quality is also poor . Watch the Mystery Science Theater 3000 version and skip this one.For those who like trivia , this movie has apparently been released under a variety of names according to imdb : `` Ein Toter Hing im Netz '' `` A Corpse Hangs in the Web '' `` Body in the Web '' `` Girls of Spider Island '' `` Horrors of Spider Island '' `` It 's Hot in Paradise '' `` The Spider 's Web `` The years vary with the release and re-release . I would think that some of these releases were to fill space in drive-in theater billings.The one positive thing I can say about this movie is that I survived it , only to watch yet another B-movie . Good luck !
 This film has many original themes that are played out in the movies of today . For those that watched `` Total Eclipse '' you remember Damsel Washington sniffing hair from a concealed location . Yep Gary -LRB- Alexander d'Arcy was born as Alexander Sarruf in Kairo -RRB- did it first . You have seen peeking throw a bush or from a tree at skinny dippers well it is here also . How about things that bite in the night ? Yep . ----------------------- Gary is taking a dance troupe to Singapore . We get to see them audition . On the way the plane crashes in the ocean . Now it is just Garry and the women . They spot an island and setup house . We know they are not alone . It turns out to be a `` radioactive '' Island . Something is lurking in the bushes and waiting to bite . This something is not Garry ; or is it ? --------------------- This movie is so well known and universal that it has many names : Ein Toter hing im Netz -LRB- 1960 -RRB- -LSB- A Dead One Hung in the Net -RSB- Body in the Web -LRB- 1962 -RRB- A Corpse Hangs in the Web -LRB- 1960 -RRB- Girls of Spider Island -LRB- 1960 -RRB- Horrors of Spider Island -LRB- 1965 -RRB- It 's Hot in Paradise -LRB- 1962 -RRB- The Spider 's Web -LRB- 1962 -RRB-
 I 've been waiting a long time for Celebrity Deathmatch to become available on DVD , so when Amazon presented Celebrity Deathmatch via digital content download , I was interested . Since the content was being offered at a low price per episode/season , I decided to take the plunge and try out all of season 1 . Unfortunately , the experience can be summed up in a single word
 very slow and boring start , sound and accents hard to understand , not usually interested in theis time period for movies
 Not a day goes by that we do not lie . Sometimes these lies are small . `` Yes , of course your hair looks wonderful . '' `` That dress is lovely on you . '' But sometimes those lies change the course of our lives in terrible ways.This is the story of `` Atonement '' . Briony is a young English girl who is very much infatuated with the gardener , Robbie . But after intercepting a dirty letter Robbie has written about Briony 's sister , Cecelia , and seeing the two making out in the library , Briony is enraged . So enraged that when her cousin , Lola , is raped , she lies and says that Robbie was the culprit . Robbie is sent to prison and then to war . Cecelia , heart broken , leaves her well-off family for London . And Briony becomes a nurse.The film is a beautiful period piece . The actors and actresses fit perfectly with the time period . The clothes , technology , settings and surroundings are so perfect , that never once did I question what era the film was portraying.The actresses chosen to play Briony are perfect , particularly -LRB- considering her lack of experience -RRB- the little girl . She conveys the gravity of the movie well . Vanessa Redgrave shines as the older woman who attempts to atoned for her childish actions . And Romola Garai blends the young and old seemlessly -LRB- I am a little surprised she was n't nominated for an Academy Award to my knowledge -RRB- . One of the most unsatisifying aspects of the movie was how the plot was pieced together . A very important piece -LRB- how much Briony likes Robbie -RRB- does not appear until late into the second act . This is important because without it , you truly do think that Briony has seen Robbie -LRB- or at least , I did -RRB- . Also , too much time is spent on how bad the war is -LRB- I got it within the first few minutes -RRB- , and some scenes make no sense -LRB- Briony with the soldier -RRB- . Next , I felt no chemistry between Cecelia -LRB- Keira Knightley -RRB- and Robbie -LRB- James McAvoy -RRB- . Robbie hints at feelings to Cecelia -LRB- namely through a dirty letter , which would turn on very few ladies this one included -RRB- , but the scene in the library does not show their love for each other . It feels like perfunctory sex . Later on , I feel more of their chemistry , but by then the story is over.Noteworthy is that this movie does have its fair share of foul language -LRB- the f-word and a c-word that appears on screen several times -RRB- and a pretty intense sex scene . Violence includes a view inside a hospital , death , a rape , explosions , and other war time images.Overall , I ended the movie more confused than when I began . I understand film is art , but I would at least like to be able to understand on a basic level what happened when the movie was over . It took me quite a bit of talking to figure out how Briony attempted to atone for her actions -LRB- weak , but very indicative of her character -RRB- . Furthermore , the war time images -LRB- Okay , already , Robbie is in the war ! -RRB- really added little to the film for me . Beautiful cinematography , weak story , weak characters . 2 stars.Brought to you by * C.S. Light *
 I read a lot of great things about this movie , and I 'm a big fan of Keira Knightly ... but I 'm really sorry I bought this DVD ! Tedious , slow , `` like watching paint dry '' ! I really think the movie insults the average viewer 's inteligence - it 's all SO predictable ! I guess this is my `` counter balance '' for `` The English Patient '' - a movie in the same vein - but one that I thought was absolutely brilliant -LRB- while I know that quite a few people found it `` tedious '' and `` plodding '' -RRB- . This movie just was n't my cup of tea - I was bored absolutely silly with it !
 Atonement reminds me of Scorcese 's `` Gangs of New York '' in that the director felt compelled to insert a ` second story ' into the main narrative . In ` Gangs ' , there 's a whole sequence about the New York Draft Riots which is completely superfluous , tacked on at the end simply because the director was enamored with a particular interesting piece of history . Similarly , in ` Atonement ' , we 're treated to a glimpse of the British Army retreat at Dunkirk which is brilliantly photographed and reminds one of a scene from hell in a Hieronymus Bosch painting . Despite the Dunkirk scene 's artfulness , it 's all padding and it needs to be there because without it , ` Atonement ' would be little more than a specious melodrama about the evils of the British aristocracy.The first hour of Atonement is interminably long . The viewer soon discovers there 's very little intellectual substance to this tawdry tale . In a nutshell , Briony , a 13 year old girl in an upper class family becomes jealous of her sister who has suddenly become intimate with Robbie , the housekeeper 's son , who lives on their estate . Briony is the Brit version of the ` Bad Seed ' but we never really find out what motivates her except for a schoolgirl crush and some unexplained revulsion toward adult sexuality -LRB- oh my , upper crust 13 year old snob is just so incredibly repulsed by witnessing her older sister and the housekeeper 's son having sex in the library !!! -RRB- . Speaking of that library scene , do you really believe that Cecilia and Robbie would have sex in the library where anyone could just walk in on them ? And what about the crude note Robbie gives to Briony to give to her sister ? If he loved her so much , why did he even think of writing that note in the first place and why would he entrust it to Briony -LRB- who he could have easily guessed would have looked at it ? -RRB- . Worse than these plot contrivances , is the accusation of rape that lands Robbie in jail . Notice how Cecilia hardly sticks up for Robbie at all as he 's hauled away by the police . Would n't she have put up a bigger fight or was the whole point that she was cowed by her snobby family ? The ` investigation ' into the rape lasts about 3 minutes on screen . In real life , many people would have been questioned and various suspects and angles would have been pursued . There 's none of that here since ` Atonement ' must fit the classic melodramatic mold -- an innocent lover -LRB- victim Robbie -RRB- is broken by Bad Seed victimizer -LRB- Briony -RRB- . At least there is an antagonist -- for awhile -- but Briony then disappears until the end of the movie , only to reappear -LRB- in the imagination -RRB- of a now elderly Briony who is working on her `` 21st '' and `` last '' novel . The now reinvented Briony is a nurse -LRB- who opts not to go to Cambridge -RRB- and attempts to atone for her sins by throwing herself into the War effort . And the elderly Briony somehow ` atones ' for her indiscretion by creating a fictional denouement
 Despite the critical accolades and awards , I found this movie very disappointing . Based on a novel by Ian McEwan , and directed by Joe Wright -LRB- who had filmed the latest movie version of Pride and Prejudice , much inferior to the BBC miniseries -RRB- , the bulk of the movie occurs in a British country house during one day in the mid 1930s , in which a crime might have happened of might have just been the figment of the imagination of a fevered child . The main characters will feel for years the consequences of what happened that day . Since I 'm totally uninterested on the life of England 's upper classes , I was quite bored during a lot of the movie . And as if that was n't enough , the final twist of the movie -LRB- in which Vanessa Redgrave has a cameo role -RRB- is totally insulting , and makes the viewer feels cheated . The engaging presence of Keira Knightley and newcomer Saoirse Ronan are among the movie 's few virtues . On the other hand , the much praised scene set during the evacuation at Dunkirq is very show-offy in my opinion .
 When Vanessa Redgrave shows up late in the film as the senior Briony , things get interesting because she 's a fine actress who captures emotion well . The younger version of Briony , played by Saiorse Ronan , is also quite watchable . I wish I could say the same for the rest of the film.I could n't feel anything for the other characters , who are by turns obnoxious , mean , or just plain stupid . Robbie in particular is an idiot -- he writes a disgusting fantasy note , forgets that it 's the wrong one , and lets it be delivered to the object of his desire . Despite the obscenity of it , she likes it . Please -- give me a break.It was n't much fun to have to spend nearly two hours with such people.Another problem is that McEvoy and Knightley have no chemistry . I never detected a hint of passion between them.Yet another flaw in the film lies in the unnecessary semi-flashbacks . This narrative device works in some films but not so much in this one . All it does here is slow things down , then stop and restart them for no good reason.This did not deserve a Best Picture nomination .
 I wanted to like this movie , I really did . But I did n't feel for any of the characters , I did n't know who they were or where they were coming from . And when you finally figure out what really happened , it 's over.In the end I was just left wondering how anyone could truly like this movie .
 I wanted to like this movie but could not . The cinematography is done very well and the lovers are attractive people . But even the better parts are thin . We have to accept too much as given , rather than see it developed . We never see the romance between Robbie & Cecelia develop . It is given that it happened . The teenage Briony tells a lie that gets Robbie in prison for rape , though there is little to indicate that a rape even occurred . The segment ends with the accusal and arrest , we never see the process that gets Robbie convicted on such flimsy testimony . It is given that it happened . Where are the cross examination of witnesses , timelines and alibis , physical evidence , the trial ? It skips forward to the war sequence in which little happens except that Robbie witnesses atrocities . The special effects are good but the segment doesnt do much.In the last , closing segment we find out that most of what we have seen was a novel `` made up '' by the now old Briony , but derived from actual disasterous family events she precipitated . It is like the `` dream episodes '' in numerous TV series.There is no reason to believe Briony actually feels guilt either . Her atonement is part of the fiction also . She is merely on TV promoting her bestseller . She admits to the interviewer that the reconciliation scene never occurred so why should we believe that her penitential service as war nurse occurred either ? `` I am so sorry , '' she says , `` boohoo , buy my book . '' She states she made amends to the real lovers by giving them a happy ending in her novel . Nonsense . She says she is dying but maybe that is a lie too . She has been an unscrupulous liar for years and calls her lying art .
 I 'm not going to spend a lot of time discussing this film , because quite frankly it is n't worthy of that much attention . But since it is a British period piece based on a prestigious novel , a lot of people went nuts over it . Essentially the plot deals with a young girl , who driven by jealousy , tells a lie that ends up ruining the lives of two people . The title , as you have probably gathered , refers to her attempts to atone for this one mistake . There are lots of things wrong with this movie . For starters , the acting is n't up to the material . James McAvoy and Keira Knightley fizzle in the lead roles . The central plot device , i.e. the lie that destroys their lives , is rather unplausible . It seems to me that any kind of real detective work would have revealed the truth . But the biggest problem is that the movie is emotionally empty . Should n't a film that deals with a character 's guilt and remorse sting with the ache of regret and sorrow ? You never feel anything for any of these characters . It 's only in the final moments , when Vanessa Redgrave shows up that the film generates any real emotion . By that time , you stopped caring about any of what was going on a long time ago .
 This movie was much a buzz about nothing . Almost every movie requires that you suspend disbelief on some level , but this movie depends on the viewer doing that with the most crucial plot point . The whole story crumbles when you accept that the fork in the road taken to bring the viewer to this story 's ridiculous end could never exist . The performances are amazing , with the exception of the 18 year old version of Briony , but they ca n't save this absurd plot . Save yourself the money , do n't buy it . In fact , save yourself the time , and do n't even watch it .
 Atonement starts promisingly and then dramatically declines . I felt the acting was fine ... the location and cinematography were interesting ... the story was imaginative and somewhat believable ... but , I am just not into artsy period pieces . The flashbacks and flash-sideways coupled with the slow pace of the movie just did n't hold my interest . I was hoping for a little more action and this movie just crept by at a snails pace.Critics give this one rave reviews and I have heard Oscar rumors ... but , as far as I am concerned ... It is a rainy day rental at best .
 I was disappointed with this movie for two major reasons . First of all , the title is misleading since the ` atonement ' was only a fantasy . Secondly , the directors could edit the profane language that was spoken . Bad language is totally unnecessary and it is a major distraction to individuals who wish to keep their language civil .
 Awful . I wanted to shut the movie off in the first 15 minutes . But , I suffered through it . I have NO IDEA why this movie was even nominated for any award . I love period pieces and , still yet , could not watch it just for the scenery . The music was completely annoying with the typing brought into it . And where is the `` Atonement . '' And when I kept hearing `` come back to me '' I thought I 've heard that before with `` Cold Mountain '' could n't they have been more creative knowing `` Cold Mountain '' used that phrase to identify to the movie ?????? It could have been so much better . Lot 's and lots of unnecessary scenes and not enough scenes to see chemistry between the two loves .
 This is my first review because I felt compelled to disagree strongly with the majority of reviews . I agree with Doug Anderson
 its a disgusting movie . . i kept waiting to find something interesting in the movie but NO it just got worse . very boring and a total waste of time .
 I 've long since given up on developing expectations based on reviews , but this movie turned out to be tremendously disappointing . There are plenty of reviews here that already say what I want to say , so I 'll just summarize the three main things that bothered me.First , the movie plods . And plods . And plods . And not only does it plod , but its non-linear time presentation makes it sometimes even more annoying , as we watch the same scene all over again from a different perspective , or learn something about a character only to get a `` Three months earlier '' notice in the next scene.Second , none of the characters were really all that likeable . Cecelia was okay during the second half of the movie , but not at all sympathetic in the first half . Briony never was . Robbie was the only character at all that I felt any sympathy for.Third , the plot was annoyingly predictable . It was very obvious who molested the girl because they had set it up a few scenes earlier . It was entirely predictable that he was going to send the wrong letter ... . and on and on.Finally , the manipulation of the fourth wall was , for lack of a better word , unconvincing . `` We just showed you a scene when Robbie came back , but he really did n't because I made that up . He was already dead . '' It just did n't work.I suppose that 's four . Sorry . The two stars are for the production values . Just remember
 This might have been a better movie if it were much shorter . There 's a story in there somewhere , but its buried in scenes that look beautiful , but do nothing . I could barely understand the actors , especially Knightley who spoke too fast and mumbled . The exception was Vanessa Redgrave , who almost rescued the movie in the final scene .
 I was looking forward to watching this film with great expectations , I was greatly disappointed . The story line was poor and confusing , flipping back and forth to different angles on a scene . Not much time developing the characters and getting to know and understand the relationships between them . They all seemed cold and uninteresting.It was not a happy movie from start to finish and just when you thought you were going to get a semi happy ending . . it is ripped away from you and you are left with a bad taste in your mouth.I thought that it was a waste of the talent of the actors . And a waste of 2 hours of my time . It was boring . I kept waiting for some excitement , anything to pick up the pace and it never came . Comparing this movie to Titanic ... well hey . . there is no comparison .
 I 'm a sucker for a romantic movie but Atonement was long and boring . Actors speaking cryptically with foreign accents does not make a movie intruiging it just makes it hard to understand . And beauty does not replace good acting -LRB- Kiera Knightley -RRB- .
 In full disclosure mode ... I am one of four of us that saw this movie that did not like it . I wo n't rehash the storyline . There are many , many reviews that do that . I will simply point out the big problem areas for me : ... Period pieces are tough . They run the risk of dragging a storyline down . Forty-two minutes into the movie I was about to lose my mind from sheer boredom . The pace of the movie was logged down by an inept unfolding of a period piece.Flashback sequences are tricky . Do it wrong and you confuse your audience . This was horrifying . There was a lack of consistency in order and I began wondering `` Three weeks earlier ? '' Is that three weeks earlier than the six months earlier we are moving away from or is it three weeks earlier from the completion of the six months span of time?Theatrical screen shots rapidly become parody if they do not support the storyline . I actually laughed out loud at many of the theatrical shots . A soldier standing in front of a black and white movie screen ... . the closeup of a broken vase . It did not support the story , these moments that are liberally sprinkled through this movie felt like the overfawning inner artiste ' of bad direction . It truly took time out of the movie and did not pull the story forward.And ... NEVER offer up a story about a storyteller if you can not actually tell a story . Some movies are not storytelling greatness . The main character is a writer . A Storyteller . And this movie is her `` story '' of what happened.And lastly - if you are going to name a movie `` Atonement '' ... show atonement . -LRB- I will have to say that two of the three people who watched this movie and liked it , agreed with me on this point -RRB- . If Atonement was the title and the subject , it would have been interesting to actually see that . You get a small admission of wanting atonement , but there is no `` aha '' moment you see with the main character . And part of the reason for that is there is no focus on her process other than to show her nursing . But Atonement is a deep process and this was a shallow reference.I would feel very put upon if I should ever be forced to watch this movie again . And although it appears that I stand alone ... I can not recommend this movie .
 Having read most of the negative reviews , I have to say I agree with little that they have to say.There is one exception . The story is dreadful . You have been conned by the author.Warning
 I sat down to this movie with anticipation , knowing nothing but the trailers and thinking it was going to be an uplifting story of lovers separated by war , and the cinematography evidenced in the previews and trailers had convinced me it would be a real treat.Well the cinematography is gorgeous and all the other period effects wonderful . The acting too , is not bad , and for the first fifteen minutes I watched in happy anticipation . Then the rot set in . The storyline took a tremendous dip , from which it never recovered . Suffice to say there 's nothing uplifting about this story , and the only characters in it who enjoyed the least success and attainment of life 's goals were the ones who least deserved it . I 'm really not a great fan of bait and switch ads in movies , where a movie purports to be one thing , and when you come to see it , it 's quite another . Obviously they did n't feel they could sell the story as it was . I also could n't believe the premise of the story , that it required at least two people to be so completely without conscience , not just for a moment , but through horrendous consequences , and that Cee was so ineffectual that she could n't have explained the situation or got at at least one of the accusers to get to the truth . Even the end of the movie has a twisting deception as to the outcome laid out in the middle , so to speak , so it 's not just the previews that were misleading . On the whole , if you like movies that both deceive and concern deceivers , this is the movie for you . If you 're looking for something more positive , stay away .
 The first half of the movie is good . The energy is high -- the incorporation of the typewriter with the music in the opening ... bravo ! Well -- done ... But trust me , it 's downhill from there.This is the most overrated movie of the year ! The best it gets is the preview -- all of of the good bits are in the preview . What follows Robbie 's -LRB- James McAvoy 's -RRB- `` capture '' -- is depression -- followed by more depression -- then some hope -- and then some more depression.It also really annoyed me how that little girl still wore that same freaking barrett into her 20s and then into her elderly years !! Okay -- that ; s just retarded ... And the ending ? Do n't get me started on the ending ! I felt completely jipped ! I wo n't ruin it for all of the poor souls -- who insist that even after reading this review -- to still waste their precious time on Earth on this movie . But the ending sucks -- it 's worse then the ending of `` No Country for Old Men . '' Yeah , it 's that bad . No , I got it ! I got it ! It 's even worse than the ending of `` Contact . ''
 First off , I was a little fuzzy about the definition of the word atonement . So , after watching the film of the same name , I looked up the word in the dictionary . Pertaining to the film , the word atonement means a reconciliation or a reparation for an offense . Yes , the film ceratinly was.Having not read the novel , I ca n't say that it followed closely to it or if it completely got derailed . However , watching the film was in fact like reading a novel . A few scenes are repeated to give other points of view and some scenes are even made up or even redone completely , depending on who 's telling about them . It may get a little confusing to some . Had I not known the general synopsis of the film , I probably would have been . It 's not rocket science mind you , but it does kind of throw the viewer off.The film is about two young and gorgeous people who are torn apart by a lie and who , for the next four years , see each other in and out of a terrible war . It seems prettly simple but there 's a little more to it that that . I was expecting a sweeping love story . It 's not . You hardly feel anything for the tragic couple simply because there 's no real solid background of them having been together . You just know that there 's something between them from the begining . So in that sense , I found it hard to believe that these two were each other 's soul mates or what have you.Still , the film is extrodinarily beautiful . I patricularly liked the music very much . The concepts and ideas that it offered were intriguing if not fully realized . I liked the idea of a child having trouble not understaning adults ; their actions , thoughts , and motives . It 's a child , after all , that is the cause of such heartache for the two leads . But for me , the film just was n't tecnically constructed right . It had great potential to be a sweeping love story . Insead it opt for being a miss mass of scenes -LRB- begining after Mcavoy is taken away by the police -RRB- . It would jump around a lot and when it was done , it decided to back and change what I thought was an OK ending to a frustrating and unsatisfying ending . And the interesting thing about how it did end was that you realized the title 's relevance . It does fit what really happened . Still , it does n't make it satisfying . I was a little angered to tell you the truth . Yes , it 's all gloriously tragic but I felt a little cheated . ` Atonement ' is n't a terrible film at all . It 's just a little dissapointing and I 'm not speaking of it 's `` downer '' ending . I love depressing films but the way ` Atonement ' was presented was like changing the past and I just was n't for that . Many people who are reading this review might be saying , `` What the hell is he talking about ? It 's confusing . '' It is . And it was.The film is really a ** 1/2 effort simply becuase I would n't want to watch it again . Once is enough .
 Many years ago , my brother would refer to movies that are trying to be `` art , '' and thereby sacrificing entertainment value , as `` pretentious art-crap . '' Atonement is an example of that.The damage starts with a score that cleverly incorporates the tapping of manual type-writer keystrokes . Only it is n't clever , its just annoying . Then the plot takes a turn for the incredible , as an intelligent young man makes a `` mistake '' that no one would ever make unless he wanted to
 Gorgeous photography , but the story really drags . Let 's face it - this is a women 's movie . Huge amounts of time wasted on sisterhood themes - jealousies and snooping and deception between Cecelia and Brioni . Robbie just exudes sensitivity - he goes to war and does n't seem to fight at all - he just sniffles and cries and longs for Cecelia . Particularly annoying is time-shifting , which seems to be in vogue today . The story jumps back and forth for no particular purpose and sometimes events are changed . Confusing affectation .
 I really , really wanted to like this movie . Normally I like `` period pieces '' but this film felt like a poor man 's `` Titanic '' with a tragic love story and an old lady at the end looking back on her youth . The battle scenes did n't feel real to me - more like the background scenery you 'd see in 3-D video games . WWII films made by people who never went to war -LRB- I 'm assuming the director never did -RRB- ring false to me . The soldiers in this film march around , all rolling in mud and fake blood , but I never felt they were in real danger . The hospital death scenes feel fake and cliched -LRB- complete with the dying soldier who ca n't speak English -RRB- . Strangely enough , it 's the last scene with Knightley huddling in the Tube station that feels more emotionally powerful to me -LRB- I assume the director has had more experience riding the subway than going to war -RRB- . As for Keira Knightley , her eating disorder -LRB- whether she wants to admit it she has it or not -RRB- made it hard for me to watch her in this film . She would have been far more convincing as a concentration camp victim than as a 1940 's lady -LRB- Ingrid Bergman had flesh on her ! -RRB- . Every time McAvoy embraced her , I was afraid her bones would break . I felt I was watching a beautiful skeleton parade around in 1940 's style gowns , flapping in the wind . What a waste ! I wish Natalie Portman had been cast instead .
 Now and again British cinema gets overestimated and this is one of those sad events . It maybe that the pairing of James McAvoy and Keira Knightley does showcase some serious talent but it is still a far cry from the Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet type publicity it got.We will be hard pressed to find such an original script that attempts romance , sexual deviance , war time shock surgery and delusions but after seeing it on the screen one ca n't help but feel that such concoctions end up mixing like coke and Alka-Seltzer , fizzing instead of sparkling , the acting is on par as is the lush cinematography , but direction and story leave pollution where sweetness should have been . We do n't mind sad stories , but aberrations like this make storytelling pointless and blunt . Very dissatisfying .
 I 'm in the minority here , I know that , but when I sat through Atonement I just could n't find any `` story '' to get involved in . The plot was so basic , the characters so shallow , the ending so obvious that I felt it drug on for an hour longer than it needed to.SPOILER ALERTAtonement
 It has little storyline , and what it does have is poorly developed . It tries to compensate for this with a twist ending , but is too little too late . Other than that , there is little going for it .
 The Oscar nominations are getting worse and worse every year . Who are these people . This is an awful movie from beginning to end . It is a shame because the actors are superb in their field . The story may have been great as a book but the movie version is disgusting . Do n't expect ANY of the romantic scenes they made into trailors for this movie . It is all twisted . I ca n't recommend this movie to anyone !
 I usually enjoy British movies set in times past . My favorite movie of all time is Pride and Prejudice with Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle . I love the Sherlock Holmes stories and the Jeeves and Wooster shows.I read the book Atonement last summer . The pacing of the book was like watching a turtle race toward his dinner , while Timmy the Turtle reflects on how he feels about his upcoming dinner , the grass he 's walking through , the sun , the clouds , the trees and those nice birds over head . The movie is slightly better only in that people actually have to speak on a fairly regular basis and show signs of movement.It 's 1930 something but there 's no sign of a depression in sight . Cecilia is a young , pretty , but skinny as a toothbrush , aristocratic woman . Robbie is the poor yet promisingly intelligent and determined son of a gardener or someone who works with the film crew . Cecilia takes the family 's incredibly valuable vase out to the fountain to fill it up with water , rather than risk using a 10 cent pitcher . Robbie tries to wrestle the vase out of her hands and he breaks it!That night Robbie types an - I 'm sorry letter - for her and he says - The only reason I 've been acting quirky is I 'm so attracted to you and I really want to go down on you ! -LRB- He uses the C word , which I doubt a modestly respectable boy in 1930 's England would type in a letter to his prospective girlfriend . -RRB- Then he types another letter without the oral sex reference and accidentally delivers the wrong one to her little sister , Briony . She , of course , reads the letter and decides he 's a sex maniac.There 's another plot hole . Robbie types a letter to Cecilia , saying he lusts after her , and then gives it to Briony . No one with the flutter of an idea would do that . Mister Darcy knew well enough not to give his letter to Lydia.There 's a whole cast of cookie cutter characters at the large , rambling mansion . They smoke cigarettes , they sit by the pool , they have conversations that are no more memorable than the copy on a box of granola cereal . And they 're all such British movie stereotypes , they 're easy to forget.Briony wrote a play for all the children to perform , then she wimped out and canceled the play . That was the last straw for the twin boys who already thought they were n't being sufficiently spoiled . So the twin boys ran away.All the able bodied adults and children abandon the dinner table and charge into the night to find the twins . While wandering around , Briony finds Lola , of all the corny , stereotypical names that Ian could have chosen . Some unknown guy tried to sexually assault her . Lola did n't see the man , Briony only caught a flash of his back side , but she blames Robbie because he 's a sex maniac.Everyone returns to the mansion . Robbie returns with the twins . He should be the hero but Briony accuses him of assaulting Lola , and she tells the policeman that she saw Robbie , and even though she looks totally unconvincing and she 's a very emotional little girl , the police believe her so Robbie is arrested.The next scene is Robbie , in the British army , with two fellow soldiers , making their way on foot to Dunkirk for the evacuation . There 's a huge , missing part of the movie that never happens ! We do n't see the police working out where Robbie found the twins and how long it would have taken to retrace Robbie 's steps . There was no questioning the twins and did they have watches and did they see Robbie disappear or go anywhere near where Lola was ? There was no questioning of Lola or pressing Briony about exactly what she saw . This movie has no more substance than a can of watered down soup.The film crew did a fine job of the scene on Dunkirk beach with all the groups of soldiers preparing to leave , trashing the trucks they have to leave behind or singing . Though I was thinking - What a waist of perfectly good rubble and debris . - because the story is so weak . And I did n't like seeing the horses being shot , even if it was a movie.It looks like the movie might have a happy ending , but no ! The ending is sad yet dismal yet a genuinely lousy ending for a movie.Last summer I was reading Atonement at a church picnic and got to chatting with a woman named Brenda . I said the book was so tedious , it went on and on about what Briony felt . There was very little dialogue and not much of a story . She said , `` The movie was the same way . It just dragged . `` Save your time and attention for something with depth , romance , character development , witty dialogue , main characters who achieve their hard won goals and a happy ending ! The 1956 instructional video about how to incubate Petri dishes will be more boring than this movie , but almost anything else will be a vast , uplifting , enjoyable and worthwhile improvement over this 2 hours and 3 minutes long meandering collection of scenes pressed into a plastic disk .
 This movie plays around with scenes that seem to be the product of a writer 's imagination and then turn out to be actually so . That is , until the ending , when , with no warning , the viewer discovers that the ending really did n't take place . So how 's that for wasting two hours ? If that 's the way the novel ends as well , that 's a cheat as well . Quite a betrayal of the viewer in a movie with an annoyingly slow pace . Do n't waste your money or your time on this cheat .
 I did not read the book `` Atonement '' , so I had no expectations or any words to spoil the movie for me . I love a good mystery , romance , period piece . I love movies that take us out of the formulaic and into the furtive air . I try not to judge someone 's work based on what I `` wanted '' to see versus what they gave me in the end . That said I was disappointed in this movie , and would never set eyes on it again for as long as I live.The cover boasts `` A Crowning Achievement , A Ravishing Romance ! '' so of course I am thinking that Keira Knightely and James McAvoy who are two of the greatest actors we have right now -LRB- I used to loathe Keira but now see her as an asset to historical dramas -RRB- , will give a good performance and satisfy my hungry romance loving appetite . I knew the premise going in . Young girl has crush on an older man , he loves this girls older sister , young girl misinterprets their relationship and in her naivety sets into motion events that tear the lovers apart maybe for forever ! Can she rectify her mistake , Atone for her lies , will the romance ever be able to bloom without it being hindered by distance and time?I know there are n't always happy endings , I do n't expect them nor do I want them to take place for fear of monotony and blandness . The whole movie was really very beautifully shot , although in some instances a little too perfectly framed . The sweeping shot at the beachside with all the soldiers did n't feel right to my eyes ; it felt too `` planned '' and hokey . The costumes , sets , locations , music , were all well done , but it could n't save this movie from being completely devoid of heart and soul and ultimately not a `` ravishing romance '' by any definition . It was pathetic and sad and so disappointing . I do n't understand why it got all the attention it did .
 Twice I have ordered this movie and twice the order has been cancelled well after the order . The latest order was cancelled over a month after the order . This kind of service does not rate any star .
 I do n't even know what to say about this movie . It was shallow , dark , and without any kind of a silver lining . Keira Knightley ca n't act , which one could gather from watching `` Pride and Prejudice '' . There was nothing in regards to any good conversation . It was n't really a love story ; it was a lust story . Ugh ... I wo n't watch it ever again !!
 I ca n't believe that this movie was so highly rated . The ending was just plain miserable . I 'll never get those hours back and I 'm still angry that I ended up getting this movie . Most of the scenes were just plain SLOW . Felt like an eternity to get to the really poopy ending and the ride was n't fun along the way . Costumes were OK , but the waify stuff they put on that twiggy Kiera was just plain bad . Guess it was easy to show off her really flat chest that way . Will someone throw that girl a Cheeseburger or something ??? Just take her out back and feed her!For a really crappy evening , watch this turkey !
 Could n't understand what the British actors were saying and it jumped from one year to the next with no explanation . I had high hopes , but thought it was very mediocre .
 Wow , if Atonement is the `` Best Picture '' of 2007 , then Hollywood was really scraping the bottom of the barrel for candidates . After hearing about all of the accolades received by `` Atonement '' , my wife and I decided to rent this film and give it a shot . After all , anything voted `` Best Picture '' has got to be pretty decent . Right ? Um , yeah . I guess we were wrong . I have now completely lost all respect and regard for some of these so-called `` professional movie critics '' . Atonement is painfully slow-moving , with dull characters and a complete lack of the dramatic . By the time we reached the mid-way point , this movie had lost me completely and I found myself wishing that it would just end already.Some people out there would surely accuse me of needing to be spoon-fed nothing but action , violence , and gore . Nonsense . Try watching the movie `` Amadeus '' , which is one of my favorite movies of all time and achieves a wonderfully dramatic and moving storyline without the use of such bells and whistles . Truly a masterpiece of filmmaking and storytelling . None of this is to be found in `` Atonement '' , which is simply 130 minutes of crust . There is a fine line between character/story development , and simply nothing happening outside of boring and pointless dialogue . Atonement falls into the latter of the two categories.I 'm sorry , but adding a WWII theme and dragging the story out to a 2 + hour run time does not simply result in an `` epic '' film , nor does it put the film into the same category as `` Titanic '' , or even a `` Pearl Harbor '' . Clearly the makers of Atonement were shooting for this type of result -LRB- Historic theme + Love = great movie -RRB- but this film fails on so many fronts , and is laughably overrated .
 I want to believe that I have a top of the line entertainment equipment . I guess I do n't because the sound quality in this movie was crap . Every time the actors began to speak I had to raise the volume and try to comprehend their english . The whole movie I was rewinding trying make out what they were muttering . But the funniest thing is that every time the actors would stop speaking and the dramatic background music started , it would be so loud that I would turn the sound off . I want to believe that this was a great movie and wonderfully well directed and edited but I ca n't . I officailly declare this movie the worst ... !!!!
 I ca n't believe that I actually paid money for this junk ! It has no plot , no character development , and a sad sorry ending , not to mention the historical mistakes in the content . The film includes several historical inaccuracies . Soldiers at Dunkirk are heard singing the Vera Lynn song The White Cliffs of Dover despite the fact that the song was not written until the following year . At Dunkirk , references are made to the loss of life caused by the sinking of The Lancastria , another event which had yet to occur . Additionally , the film indicates that Robbie served with the 1st Battalion , Royal Sussex Regiment , in France ; in fact , the 1st Battalion was not part of the BEF , although the regiment 's 2nd Battalion did participate in the Battle of France.There is no real storyline ... the plot is thin as soup , and the two main characters are not allowed to fully develop themselves on screen . I found the ending so ludicrous , as if the viewing public is suppose to accept this trash . The dialog is meaningless as the ending is pointless . All the hype for this movie , that some film critics admired ? No romance , happy ending here . Just a lukewarm , dismal motion picture , with scenery better than the actors and dialog . Do n't waste your time or money ... it 's pure rubbish !!
 `` Atonement '' ranks right up there with `` The English Patient '' as one of the most boring , pretentious , pointless and over-produced -LRB- what a waste of great talent , costumes and sets ! -RRB- wartime period dramas of all time . How it ever was nominated for anything is a total mystery to me . It is n't even about atonement but about making up a story to disguise reality and avoid guilt -LRB- not a bad theme but that 's the `` surprise '' ending and it 's popped on the viewer right at the end like an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode -- it 's all just a dream . -RRB- Yes , I revealed the plot twist . It 's to save you from wasting two hours .
 i got suckered in at first -- thought it might actually be watchable even maybe good -- the plot sickened instead of thickened and it became really annoying -- dont waste yer time or believe the critics !!!!!! its junk --
 First of all , this is NOT an Oscar-worthy movie in any way , shape or form . I just ca n't believe the trash that has been coming out of Hollywood these days and the phony hype these movies receive . There is no story here - just a lot of posturing and bad acting.If you enjoy seeing Keira Knightly looking like a sullen , half starved-looking cadaver cavorting around in her slip , then this is the movie for you.One star for the cinematography , Vanessa Redgrave -LRB- always a class act -RRB- and the 12-year old version of Briony .
 2.5 Stars . This is a real mixed bag . It is beautifully filmed and acted , but at the same time it hops around so much in POVs and time sequences that you lose your way - and interest . What 's really going on and what is purely imagined ? Even though this is integral to the story itself , the final payoff -- which you may find yourself tapping your toe awaiting -- is more , `` Are you kidding me ? '' than `` Wow ! '' American audiences may also find these emotionally straightjacketed Brits so intolerable that you 'll want to scream , `` Jesus Christ -- just tell her you love her already and kiss her ! '' Then there 's the assortment of accents , some of which are so thick and mumbled I had to turn on the closed captions in order to understand them . ` The English Patient ' this ai n't . More like , ` Better Be Patient , 'Cause it 's English ' .
 I was prepared to like this movie -LRB- I saw it in the theater -RRB- because I enjoy movies with an historical setting and a purported romantic purpose . I also enjoy films that use non-linear storytelling when necessary for plot development . However , the movie and acting left me absolutely cold , although it is hard to pinpoint exactly why . The pacing was glacial ; in fact , at the performance I attended , a number of people walked out -LRB- not just men -RRB- . Because of the glacial pace , I could not suspend disbelief enough to accept the gaping holes in the plot . The story line was confusing , and I am still unsure what actually happened versus what older Briony wished had happened . It was as though there was a wall between the audience and the movie so that it just did not connect . The atmosphere of the movie was cold and indistinct , although pretty to look at.The acting was flat - there was no true passion on the part of any of the major characters , and I felt there was simply no chemistry between the two leads . The only actor who showed any passion and commitment to character was the young Naval officer on the beach organizing the evacuation -LRB- I think the actor was Tobias Menzies of HBO 's `` Rome '' -RRB- . The way the evacuation of Dunkirk was filmed -LRB- as much as I admire the technical mastery of the tracking shot -RRB- was simply bizarre and did not match any historical description I had ever read . Was this supposed to be McAvoy 's hallucinations of the beach from being wounded and dying , or was the whole beach episode supposed to be the director 's realistic portrayal of the evacuation ? ** SPOILER ALERT ** There was no `` atonement '' . After destroying the lives of two people , simply writing a novel about what Briony wished had happened is a moral cop-out ! Cinematography
 This movie was so slow moving I had to struggle to stay awake . The movie is just one big disappointment .
 I did n't like this movie . It was as interesting as watching paint dry . And the scene that showed them waiting on the beach of Dunkirk - drinking wine , riding on a ferris wheel as artillery rains down around them , just having a great time - What junk ! I got the distinct impression that they were trying to remake Apocaplyse Now set in World War II.I gave my copy away to someone who made the mistake of telling me that they liked it .
 I liked Keira Knightley in her last collaboration with director Joe Wright -LRB- Pride and Prejudice -RRB- and , while not having high hopes for a similarly good engagement here , I hoped for better than I got from this sleepy movie . I can never understand what the Motion Picture and Film Academy sees when they nominate dull and slow films like this for awards , especially when they nominate them for the biggest award there is . I know its members are easily influenced by hype -- Hollywood lives on hype , after all -- but I see movies better than this one almost every time I turn on the TV.Some of my friends thought otherwise , thinking the romantic storyline , clever ending -- where the heroine apparently atones for an earlier indiscretion -- or the hybrid real-fake scene of early World War II Dunkirk made the movie worth watching . I wish any of this had been true , that this film had mimicked any of the glorious storytelling from `` The English Patient '' , a similarly-induced World War II-era romance.But , alas , this movie did not achieve that . In my opinion , `` Atonement '' needs to atone to its viewers for boring them to death . This is the slowest film I 've seen in some months with just about nothing going on to keep the viewer engaged . Even its raison d'etre -- a scene early on where a young woman misidentifies an event and turns it into sexual misconduct -- is not very fetching . A few directorial and production highlights ca n't save this somnambulist 's delight.So , to summarize , I 'd say do n't believe the hype about this movie . It is not Academy Award quality and , frankly , is n't very good . I watched `` Knocked Up '' the night after this and rediscovered the elements that make a film worthwhile and enduring -- humor , human attachment , a clever script , real life characterizations and a complete lack of pretense . I 'd say rent `` Knocked Up '' and forget `` Atonement '' .
 I really wanted to like this film because of the actors involved in it . James McAvoy , who was excellent in `` The Last King of Scotland '' & `` Narnia '' , Keira Knightly , and Vanessa Redgrave were the lures here plus the film had received excellent reviews . However , the direction was plodding and that was a big surprise to me because I had liked Joe Wright 's direction in the previous film to this , `` Pride & Prejudice '' also with Keira Knightley . Because of this and despite McAvoy 's and Redgrave 's excellent acting , I felt disengaged from the film . Also Knightley somehow lacks that `` something '' that made the late Audrey Hepburn magnetic and so I felt little of McAvoy 's passion for her because of this . So regretfully , 2 stars which means okay but no bonnets for this very over-rated film -LRB- check out `` The French Lieutenant 's Woman '' for comparison -RRB- .
 When I read the other reviews for this film I thought that this would be a great romantic epic to watch . The movie is great - as in its very well done on every level , from the casting to the cinematogray to the effective use of time jumps ie
 I like Keira Knightly and James Macavoy , but they were not in very many scenes together at all . The movie was slow . There was not the romance depicted in the trailers shown . I was very disappointed to say the least . I am surprised that any five stars were given to this uninspiring movie . The only thing I can say is that the cinematography was nice .
 While I usually really like Keira K , she totally spoiled this movie for me . . we felt -LRB- the others who saw it and I -RRB- that she put in just as little effort as she could in her role and get paid for showing up.Totally no emotion !!! We felt absolutely NO chemistry between them ... James Mcavoy was awesome and the plot was also , but Keira gave the worst performance I have ever seen her give .
 Atonement is a passionless , formulaic movie . One can see the director set out to make something along the lines of `` The English Patient '' or `` Out of Africa '' ; but sad to say , he has failed miserably . It has all the ingredients of an epic , but no soul . There is no chemistry whatsoever between the lead actors , James McAvoy and Keira Knightley . The war scenes could have been lifted from any other big-budget movie , complete with violins weeping in the background and all . The acting by Saoirse Ronan , who plays the 12 year old Briony Tallis , is very convincing and , to some extent , so is James McAvoy 's . But the rest of the cast -LRB- not including Vanessa Redgrave -RRB- ought to enrol for acting classes .
 This is not a great movie.I recommend that you rent it , not buy it , for one showing . This way you will see for yourself whether or not this is a 5 star or 1 star or whatever type movie . My opinion is 2 star.One does not get a strong feel for the two `` lovers '' , Cecillia and Robbie . The chemistry is not there , it is not very strong or compelling . This is essential for the movie to move you , to make you feel a sense of loss , as you watch the two lovers unable to find happiness in each others ' arms . Briony 's role is to be the spoiler , the lying brat who causes the two lovers to become separated from the moment Briony realizes Robbie preferred Cecillia to her . Yet this role too could have been handled in a far better way than it was . Briony in her child-like way loved Robbie . She did not understand what she felt , but it was love to her . The audience gets this picture indirectly and the true import of what Briony felt was not revealed until near the end of the film when the scene shifts to an earlier time and she jumps into the river to get Robbie to save her . He does jump in and he saves her . This proved to her he cared . And in her child-like way , she felt that he loves her as she was beginning to love him . Yes , he did , but not in the way the young Briony wanted . Hence , she falls in love with him , but it was an unrequited love . This could have been a very powerful thing to have explored , but was not in the movie.What power the movie could have shown us , yet messed up on . It could have shown the loss of love as Briony might have felt to the loss that Cecillia later feels . The tragic choice Briony made would then have given her a more compelling role . She is rather like a robot attempting to fix a blown fuse as the movie unwinds near the end . I could neither hate nor like her , yet I could understand her at least.As for Cecillia , I could just not find much emotion at all . The director must have searched heaven and earth to finally find such a poor place for his two main characters to have sex . Come on , on a ladder in the library ? This then is the moment of their `` love '' , the stoking of the fires of desire and need and want . Right ! I just can not fathom a dumber spot to make out or one harder on the body . So it begins from there . There is no developing love , eye contact is minimal , touch , feel , all of this is accelerated on the ladder in the library . Love creates an evolving powerful force , that sometime taunts us , sometimes makes us better than we thought we could be . It is a true force . Yet it is not really there in the two lovers , at least not defined well in the movie.At the end we find out that ` atonement ' for Briony was to put her sister and lover in the house near the sea shore within a book . She had never attempted in real life to ask forgiveness nor to right the wrong she caused . For heaven 's sake , she had almost 4 years until Robbie left for war . She would then be 16 . When does one find morality , when it is important to do what is right , not carry on a lie . How long does it take for this to work into the system . Forever ? She knew what she was doing , yet she persisted until it was too late . Then she worked hard - or hardly - to atone . Giving them immortality in a book is just the slightess bit better than doing nothing at all , I would say.If you want to see a powerful moment of love , one you will long remember , dear reader , then see Castaway . The scene at the end with Tom Hanks and Helen Hunt is unforgettable . You see the impact of love lost - not because of greed or human jealousy , but because of time or of events beyond our control . It is heart rendering . I bet every one of us has some one we loved much , but lost because of events or just because . The heart still hurts when we see that person in our thoughts , and we feel again the loss , the terrible feeling of finality , of never again . A tear may come , and this is the power of love lost . It is always there , it is always there . So watch Hanks and Hunt . You will shed a tear , I am sure . Buy that movie just for that moment . It is something I see over and over . Hanks and Hunt have chemistry , they have powerful emotion , they show what love is , and what it is like to lose it . Hanks and Hunt also shows what a man and woman must do when faced with this loss , it does not matter what we want or think we want , it is what we do that is important . We have choices and it is how we make those choices that defines each of us . The sorrow we feel at the choices we make may remain forever , and that sorrow also defines the heart and how strong it can be.Just rent `` Atonement '' , buy `` Castaway '' , you will not regret that choice.Joe
 They could have told this story in 20 minutes , the Dunkirk scene was way too long , the fact that his true love threw him under the bus can not be overlooked . NBD
 A relatively uneventful and unrewarding and pointless film with little romance , and not even any battle scenes .
 I expected to love this movie . Kiera Knightley , James McAvoy , and Saoirse Ronan ? 7 Best Picture nominations ? It must be good . But it was n't . The acting was good , it was interesting at times and picturesque , but it just was n't that good a story , and it certainly did n't have a happy ... or satisfying ending.Unlike other reviewers , I liked Briony Tallis , at least as a young girl . Cecilia Tallis was the one I did n't care for . She was the epitome of a spoiled rich young woman.The discovery near the end of the film of the true identity of the `` rapist '' was a very interesting twist , but nothing else about the story was memorable .
 Film is notable for extremely clever camera-work . Director uses a very mobile camera frequently switching up the depth of field . Deep , rich colors . Interesting editing techniques , frequently replaying scenes that occurred earlier without clear cue that this going on . Creditable acting by most of the leads . Excellent music , particularly in first 40 minutes or so.Film marred , however , by three things.First , James McAvoy as Robbie was boring . He mostly stared at the screen and looked moody.Second , the casting or direction of Marshall was off , he looks and acts too much like a stereotypical Hollywood villain.Finally , the last forty minutes of the film was constantly interrupted by extremely long speeches , in which characters reiterated exactly what their purported motivations were . A good film lets viewers infer character from behavior , not from speeches . In particular , Briony 's final pretentious monologues were excessively dull in their unnecessary wordiness , their implausibility , and their overall pointlessness .
 A little girl is a playwright of sorts . She has a brilliant talent which comes with a wild imagination . She develops a crush upon her family 's groundskeeper . The groundskeeper -LRB- James McAvoyBecoming Jane -RRB- however develops a lust for her older sister -LRB- Kiera Knightly.Domino -LRB- Widescreen New Line Platinum Series -RRB- -RRB- Because of more than one moment she witnesses , and information she happens to come across , her mind races and jumps to conclusions . These conclusions provide a crossroads in the path of each of their lives . Romance , tragedy ensues.I 'm not going to lie . I fully understand why this movie was nominated for so many awards . Knightly was not too horrible . She 's a good actress , I just wish she 'd cut down on the costume dramas . With the exception of Domino , I ca n't think of any mainstream , modern-placed film she 's made . McAvoy is not an attractive person . Maybe some out there find him charming and good-looking , but not I . The cinematography was great ; the five-plus scene upon the beach was a breathtaking achievement in itself for sure . The best was the Oscar winning score . With the genius weaving of a typewriter 's sound and classical music throughout , it truly was an original score.The problem is the story . I 'm admittedly not a fan of Romance/Costume Dramas . I think they 're paltry and worthless for the most part . This movie was over at about 90 minutes . The problem is ; the writer and director just did n't want to admit it . By the time the ending crawled upon screen , the entire movie could have been summed up in three simple words ; Woulda , Coulda , Shoulda.Needless to say this movie , in my opinion , should only be watched on a rainy day when you ca n't sleep .
 I was relly exaited to see atonement unforchenitly it was one of the worst moviesI have ever seen , I serisly did not no why this movie got so many awords or thatpeople even liked it the story wos bad and hard to see , I mean this girl made up alie that tour them apart tha she even had a crush on him or or that she even seenthem make love it was sad movie to wittnesss , but its only my openin , it wos dom .
 I am very surprised to see so many good reviews about this movie . I was looking forward to watching this movie which such a great cast . I could not have been more dissapointed ! The story line was awful and it just seemed to keep going nowhere . I actually bought this movie and promptly dumped it in the trash . It was so bad that I do n't even want to pass it along !
 This movie has so many ridiculous coincidences going on -LRB- imagine everytime you do something in private , someone is peeping in on you -RRB- , it 's impossible to take it seriously for one minute . A horrible adaptation of an overated book .
 OK , anyone remember that one - Julie Christie - Alan Bates ?? Originality ... originality ... . everything seems to be recycled upon an unsuspecting YOUNG public today.Performances ? Certainly they are great in this motion picture ... . but DO stay calm and reflect upon originality?Poor Redgrave ... . someone soon must get her a proper script - something befitting her superior talent.Keep on trying ...
 I saw this movie the year it won the Oscar and I was bored beyond belief . The movie goes from child erotic/peeping-tom/I am gon na watch my sister get boinked/OMG ! This movie has a great cast but the story is so chaotically told and disjointed you lose focus and interest almost from the get-go .
 More like clearing her own conscience.My movie-watching habits are such that I stay away from the ultra-hyped , `` Oscar-contenders . '' Aside from the fact that the Oscars have been a joke for years , many times the movies have just been major letdowns that believed their own hype and failed to deliver . Three movies spring straight to mind
 This video is very over-rated . Most of it is in slow motion with slow , methodical music , overall very boring with different guys doing the same tricks at the same snowboard park , but there is one short urban sequence . If you 're looking for an action packed video with a good sound track , DONT BUY this one . If you want to watch guys board down a mountain in slow-motion from a distance , well ?!
 I purchased this DVD for my 17 month old daughter as soon as it came out . I was so excited to finally have her favorite tv show on DVD and to use it on road trips . When I received it yesterday the DVD both seasons 1 and 2 and all 8 discs would not play in my DVD player , laptop or desktop computer . The fine print on the back of the DVD case says it will only work on play only DVDs and not on recordable ones , or on computers . Well I do n't know about you , but I do n't think anyone has a DVD that just plays DVDs and does not do anything else . I write this review to save parents heartbreak at having to tell their kids the DVD they were looking forward to does not work . Oh and if you see a review prior to March 6 , 2012 for this it was lifted by Amazon from the instant download/stream version of the FBB episodes that have been available for quite some time .
 My 3 year old twins love to watch this show because they do n't know any better . I think it 's absolutely horrible . The actors/singers are not the slightest bit talented and ridiculously corny . The show 's creators/producers should go to YouTube and take a long look at Kids Incorporated . The show was n't phenomenal , but it puts The Fresh Beat Band to shame !!!!!!!!!!! Yes , the songs on The Fresh Beat Band are meant for children between the ages of 1 and 6 -LRB- roughly -RRB- . However , if you introduce their young , influential minds to mediocracy in music , then they will continue to believe that this level of talent -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- has quality . Distracting them for 23 minutes should n't be the draw . If the show intends to teach them music / dance appreciation , then give them something of substance and quality to appreciate .
 i was not aware this was going to be on my computer . I order this for my grandson for christmas and was wondering why i never got it in the mail . just fine out it is not being mail it is on my library well that is not what i purchase . this is a bad buy and now i am stuck with this on my computer and have to go look around again to find an actual dvd so i can purchase for my grandson . this was the second of another dvd i thought i purchased .
 Nothing on the product page on Amazon indicated that these discs could not be played in a normal DVD player . However , when the DVDs were received , fine print on the back of the jacket says
 Lousy and poor quality on DVD . I ca n't play finish on my DVD player . . Besides , i try to play it at my car DVD player , always gave Disc Error . Sad on it . . If not my youngest son like it , i will return it immediately .
 I was expecting to get four dvd 's that actually worked the first disc will not work . It wont even spin .
 If you really intend on watching this movie then go ahead and rent it . Its good for a few laughs induced by some silly comedy but that 's just about it . If you have seen one Ashton Kutcher comedy then you have seen them all , his abilities in comedic acting are pretty much one dimensional and try as he might he just could not keep up with Cameron Diaz 's comedic skills for sure .
 Do n't blink ... No ! Really ! Do n't blink or you could miss it.Thin plot line ... . The movie did n't have a lot of direction ... However I loved the first 15minutes . Ca n't really remember the rest ... hummm ... Sorry . `` What Happened To The Rest Of This Movie ? '' What does happen in Vegas ? Maybe we are not ment to know ? It 's a secret ... yeah ... thats it ... its a secret . Lets all just guess what happens in Vegas ... Unbox get your act together ! The movie has a runtime of only 15 minutes.But not to worry I have heard that unbox has just released the extended version of What Happens in Vegas ... SO ... . FOR ONLY ANOTHER $ 14.99 YOU CAN OWN THE EXTENED VERSION WHICH HAS A RUNTIME OF 16 MIN AND 3/8 . JUST KIDDIN ' ... 16min and ... 5/8 .
 As a rule , the best romantic comedies are pleasurable affairs with engaging stars who brighten the silver screen . However , the obnoxious pairing of Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher defies entertainment value . `` What Happens in Vegas '' should have stayed in the vault . A lame premise and brain-dead filmmaking add up to a painful cinematic experience . Save your gambling money and place your bets on `` Honeymoon in Vegas . ''
 Night of the living Dead is a laugh riot compared to this corps for a comedy .
 Is it me or is there a HUGE anti asian slam in this movie ? With absolutely no relevance to the story ? What does the director have against asians ? As for the movie Cameron Diaz predictable she plays the same character in every movie she makes , Aston Kutcher same as Cameron .
 Well , it is as much as I have predicted , a barely watchable comedy with mediocre stars Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher heading the cast . There were some funny moments , Kutcher either had the better lines or more experience in comedies where as Diaz 's only real success at comedy started and ended with There 's Something About Mary . Kutcher should n't have quit his day job and stayed on That 70 's Show , he played the airheaded clueless and incredibly dumb part very well . I think he 's trying to break out more into film , and I guess it 's only a matter of time when he 's given the right script ? I ca n't recall the last really good film Diaz was ever in ? Ca n't say Charlie 's Angels , it was OK , but nothing special . What Happens in Vegas pretty much plays out the predictable story of two people who go to Vegas to forget out their personal troubles , get hammered -LRB- like many I expect -RRB- and end up married . Perhaps by fate , Kutcher pulls the handle and thus wins 3 million dollars . Well , now they are both in it for the money , but instead of being granted an annulment or a divorce , Judge Miller sentences them to 6 months hard marriage counseling . Some funny things happen that I got a kick out of . Both do horrible things to each other to make the other quit . Diaz ties up the bathroom for hours , Kutcher uses the sink for a toilet and `` Oh , by the way ... it 's your day to do dishes . '' Plus the removal of the bathroom door and the toilet seat was classic . I 'll have to remember than one for myself . In the end , both being to `` grow on one another '' but in its predictability and clich&eacute; story/screen play ... What Happens in Vegas pretty much lost my full attention about half way through . Not terrible , but certainly not great by any stretch of the means . I ca n't recommend buying it , perhaps watching it out of curiosity ... that ' about as far as it goes . There are better comedies out there , and if you want to see a classic with a Vegas back drop , watch `` Honey Moon in Vegas '' , a far funnier and more entertaining film ... pure , classic Nicholas Cage comedy at its best .
 Zero chemistry between Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher . The title makes it seem like this will be another Vegas caper flick . Not . Very little actually happens in Vegas here , though what does happen is what passes for the funniest part of this unfunny date movie . The rest is a yawn , at best . Nothing is even remotely believable . Watch if you have nothing better at hand .
 `` What Happens in Vegas , '' the comedy starring Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher , is a story built on a ludicrous premise and laden with romantic comedy clich&eacute;s , sparkly dental work , and frenetic acting . It 's the kind of movie that makes you wonder , `` What could they have been thinking ? `` Commodities trader Joy McNally -LRB- Diaz -RRB- has just been dumped by her boyfriend . Jack Fuller -LRB- Kutcher -RRB- has just been fired from his job by his own father -LRB- Treat Williams -RRB- . Hooking up with their respective best friends , Tipper -LRB- Lake Bell -RRB- and Hater -LRB- Rob Corddry -RRB- , Joy and Jack head for Las Vegas to put their troubles on the back burner and cut loose . Joy and Jack meet each other , hit it off , get falling-down drunk , and wake up the next morning to discover they 've been married . Now sober , they both realize they made a terrible mistake and agree to dissolve the marriage.All changes , however , when Jack puts Joy 's quarter into a slot machine and wins its $ 3 million jackpot . They argue over whose money it is until Jack reminds Joy that , because they 're married , the money belongs to both of them . They go to court to argue ownership of the money and have a divorce granted , but the judge -LRB- Dennis Miller -RRB- orders them to stay married for six months.If you 're wondering , `` Why do n't they just split the dough and go their separate ways ? '' you have far more common sense than the script writers . When a movie is based on so flimsy a premise , it 's very hard to get on board for the ride , especially when there is enough ineptness for three bad movies here.The viewer knows not only precisely how the film will wind up , but how the journey will progress . There are few surprises , no twists , just the interminable waiting for the movie to end.Diaz has been effective in other comedies , most notably `` Something About Mary . '' She has a bright , sunny personality that can make her character shine when the material is first class . With lesser material , she tries hard , overacts in the hope of punching up lame gags , and is strident . Her Joy is never believable , and we never accept for a nanosecond that she has the brains to be a top stock trader.Kutcher , who rose to fame on the TV sitcom `` That 70 's Show '' playing a lovable dim bulb , is going down the path of career suicide by accepting role after similar role in substandard , dumb comedies like this one . He has the makings of a long career in film . He 's good looking , has that hard-to-define star quality , and is likable . But he has failed to branch out into more diverse parts , even after showing some real acting chops in `` The Butterfly Effect '' a few years ago . His Jack is standard sitcom issue . We see he 's a screw-up at the company his dad runs , but never understand why . He drinks a lot , but this is played solely for comic effect . If the movie is about the quest to find one 's true self , it never addresses why the principals are lost in the first place.The secondary characters Tipper and Hater , who have an ongoing love/hate relationship , are on hand for additional laughs , yet their repartee seems more mean-spirited and sour than funny . Their timing is way off , and neither knows when to underplay a line or let the camera create a punchline . They 're hampered by weak material , never given an extended scene of their own , and relegated to limp one-liners . Ms. Bell and Mr. Corddry should watch a few Astaire-Rogers films to see how to alternateattraction and repulsion comically . They were masters at it . `` What Happens in Vegas '' is rated PG-13 for some crude language and scenes of irresponsible drinking .
 J Adams may not believe that your comments are worth a response , but I ca n't resist . Your correct in your self-description of a lack of mental capacity . I assume that not liking this particular film means that the viewer has no sense of ` humor ' ? Wake up ! This film was a box office flop , which according to you logic would mean that most of America has no sense of humor . Wrong , we 're just tired of seeing the same stupid plot with same stupid jokes . And we are tired of Hollywood assuming that the public consists of 15yr old boys who can only understand bathroom humor . Stupidity does not always equal funny . My friends have funnier conversations and it does n't cost $ 15 . I do n't need to throw away money to watch actors being paid millions just to remake their last comedy -LRB- and I use that term loosely -RRB- . I can turn on cable TV any time of the day and never fail to find another version of this film . And if you have n't noticed , Kutcher plays only 1 character and replays the same unfunny jokes each time . The comment to see `` Honeymoon in Vegas '' is on the mark . At least that film was smart snd funny . In `` What Happens . . '' it 's like they wrote the script in 5 minutes after viewing Kutcher 's other films . If you think ` elite ' is expecting an actual plot and humor , then I guess most Americans are ` elitists ' . I just hate leaving the theater thinking `` thats 2 hours of my life that I 'll never get back '' . If you want to laugh at the silly or slapstick throw in a copy of `` Duck Soup ''
 I do n't know what Carmen Diaz was thinking taking on this dud . But all I have to say is do n't waste your money on this . Predictable , boring and not funny . Stealing scenes from War of the Roses with michael Douglas pissing on the roast and others , come on , be original already
 I ca n't believe they let movies this bad finish production . This movie is awful , not funny in anyway , and the only person who might like it is a 12 yr old girl
 This DVD was Blu Ray which i have no use for . It is my fault but i think it should be called out a little better in the ad
 Blu-ray did not work due to region incompatiability . This was not stated anywhere in the description when I purchused the item . Was very dissapointed : -LRB-
 I recently purchased `` what happens in vegas '' the dvd was brand new and sealed as described . The dvd would not play though . It said it was only meant to play in a `` region A area '' and I had a region b dvd player . Im not sure what that means but the dvd is now useless to me .
 I only gave it 2 stars because Ashton was soooo handsome , but the movie stinked , passed it on to my teenage daughter who by the way likes it , go figure .
 In addition to being a complete waste of time , money , effort -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- and resources , this film did not deserve to be made . So many struggling actors , directors , writers that are out there that spin yarns more enjoyable in their sleep , and yet , Hollywood green-lights these ridiculous movies that degrade humanity and set us back as a people . We need to reject these movies and begin supporting smaller features with more heart and soul . I do n't personally care for the lack of talent possessed by this movie 's stars , but even I can admit that they can do much better .
 I purchased this movie through unbox and the movie only plays the first 15 minutes ...
 I recieved this for my birthday along with a few other Blu-ray 's and when we put it in to watch it a week later it skipped constantly and was not even watchable.Since it had been a week over the 30 days since it was purchased -LRB- FOR A GIFT -RRB- Amazon would not replace it but after I spent $ 7 shipping it back they gave us a credit of $ 14 . So in reality the disc cost over $ 31 and I got $ 7 back to replace it . Way to treat your Amazon Prime customers . I guess I wont be buying anymore gifts or making any wishlists again .
 ** SPOILERS ** The question before us is this
 Love this movie but we ordered it through Amazon prime movie selections . We paid $ 3.99 for a 24 our rental in the afternoon and decided halfway through the movie to run some errands . When we sat down to finish the movie it made us put our pin number back in and charges us again ... this was just a few hours after purchased the first one . Will be taking this up with Amazon after the New Year !!
 If you 've seen any `` romantic comedy '' made between 1998 and the present , you 've pretty much seen this movie . All the usual cliches are here
 I am really surprised at this sub-plot of coming back again and again to portray Joy 's Chinese colleague in the worst possible stereotype . While I liked the movie and found the leading actors cute and funny I could n't figure out the racist approach everytime Joy 's Chinese colleague had to say something or do something . The scenes at work or in the boardroom or in the boss 's house or in the night party with the Chinese woman with her Chinese husband ? I thought that was far too much and I thought all this confirms it was done on purpose . Maybe it is fashionable now to bash China ? What others think about this ? I did not also appreciate the portrayal of other minorities in the movie , such as the African American guy who arrived in a police suit . Is the movie telling us that only this couple of mainstream white Americans can be truly `` American '' and that Joy 's boss found a connection with her husband -LRB- Ashton -RRB- because he displayed some cultural treats ?
 So bad a movie I could n't finish it . I like crazy , funny and foolish movies but this movie was absolutely horrible . Not even FUNNY !
 Is `` moody thriller '' synonymous with `` goes nowhere '' ? I 'd really hoped to like this movie , I like Clive Owen a great deal , enjoy Charlotte Rampling , and love both Malcolm McDowell and Jonathan Rhys-Myers , but there 's nothing to hold onto in this movie . Nothing that engages you . None of the characters gave me any reason to care about them -LRB- except Rhys-Myers , but he dies in the first five-ten minutes . And I cared about his death . But not about any of the people it `` affected '' -RRB- . It seems like it 's trying to build for something , and , ultimately , yes , Will gets his revenge , but , really , motivation ? Why did anyone in this movie do anything ? McDowell 's character -LRB- whose name I did n't even care enough to remember -RRB- had no motivation to bugger the boy , and there 's an entire side-sub-plot involving guys that do n't want Will in town that remains useless.Overall , a huge disappointment .
 One of the most luckluster and spineless entries into the British gangster genre made , ironically enough , by a filmmaker who defined it all several decades ago . See Get Carter , the original version , if you want to see stylish grace executed with poisonous aplomb and bitter vigor . Not a great film , but if you like this kind of stuff , you ca n't beat Michael Caine.Clive Owen may be the first actor in cinema history to embark through an entire film project utilizing a single facial expression . Then again , he does n't have much to go on ; here 's the basic plot
 I must admit that I missed parts of this wretched movie because I slept during the middle , but -LRB- sadly -RRB- it seems that I missed nothing . Indeed , it is one of those movies best left running when you go to the kitchen , bathroom , mall , etc. . Unless you are out of Sominex and desperately need a two-hour nap , leave this snooze-fest on the shelf.Here is the entire plot
 You could be forgiven after watching this movie , to think it is a pilot movie for an English style `` Soprano 's '' , and be keenly awaiting the next installment after the end credits roll . The thrust of the story revolves around the seedier side of the London underworld , and is atmospheric , and at times a gritty urban drama . Clive Owen plays a former gangland boss who has -LRB- for some reason that is only ever hinted at -RRB- disappeared into obscurity , small time menial jobs , and living in a converted panel van , in the rural countryside . His friend -LRB- left behind , along with girlfriend , and former associates -RRB- seek him out , after his younger playboy brother is found dead , apparently having commited suicide , after being raped -LRB- yes you heard me , raped -RRB- . Mr Owen , must revisit his old ways we assume , to find the reason behind the death , and bring the villians to justice , London mobster style . Sounds like a great drama , but what we get is a long and plodding build up with many questions unanswered . The film begins to deliver on the promise of it 's opening hour or so in the last 5 minutes of running time , but then leaves everything unanswered , and the viewer hanging . Owen is believable as the brooding `` Kray Twins '' style gangster in contemporary London , and there is a good supporting cast . But most will agree that the talent on display is wasted . This is a compelling film , and fairly good story , spoilt by some wayward directing , and a long slow build up to a nothing ending . That may sound harsh , and other professional `` Critics '' as usual have raved about this - I must have missed the point - very disappointing .
 We figured that with Clive Owen and Jonathan Rhys-Meyers headlining this film , it was a sure-fire good rental . Given the U.K. gangster subtext , even catching a bit of the oomph contained in the comet that was ` Sexy Beast ' ... well , who could pass that up?Too bad , then , this film was such a letdown . It 's certainly not due to either Owen or Rhys-Meyers , who have little to work with , frankly , in terms of a compelling narrative . And one ca n't blame Charlotte Rampling or Malcolm McDowell either - Rampling 's role is smallish , hazily drawn . McDowell plays a pivotal part , but I never figured out what drove him to do the shocking act around which the film revolves . I figured it was due to some deep-seated resentment or long-sheathed act of revenge . In fact , it 's explained as nothing of the sort . In fact , it seems petty more than anything else . And that makes the whole concept of the film downright perplexing.I 'm still scratching my head trying to figure out how this one went awry . The US box office certainly was n't interested in figuring it out either
 As you might guess , I 'm not Clive Owen 's biggest fan , having suffered through his woodenly monotonous performances , but I forced myself to see this because Mike Hodges has made some good films in the past -LRB- as well as cack like MORONS FROM OUTER SPACE -RRB- . Sadly , this manages to be even worse than MORONS , a numbingly tedious movie where the semi-comatose leads are at least three hours behind the audience in guessing the plot . The shock revelation was obvious from the start and Hodges never makes you interested in getting there . He 's not helped by his cast . They 're either overacting like McDowell or Meyers or totally incapable of showing signs of life , like Rampling and Owen . Even before it was invented Rampling has always looked like she 's had too much botox , but inexperienced filmgoers might think she 'd OD 'd here she 's so stiff . Her expression does n't change from its deathmask once . Owen is more hopeless than usual , shuffling through like a zombie from a cheap George Romero ripoff . He still ca n't act and his vocal performance is still like a bored photocopier salesman demonstrating some clapped out machine with one eye on the clock for the pub 's opening.Contrary to other posters , it 's not thoughtful or atmospheric . The plot is obvious , the characters infantile . There 's no depth , no ideas , just a dragging running time to fill out . And it is achingly slow in the doing it . From a first-timer this picture would have been laughed out of the office at script stage it 's so empty and predictable.British audiences shunned the film -LRB- as they did CROUPIER -RRB- but Americans might just mistake his accent for a performance . But for the rest of us , it 's another pitiful performance in the dullest British gangster film of the past twenty years . That 's quite an achievement , but it 's the film 's only one.If you really want to see a good new British revenge movie , check out Dead Man 's Shoes instead - that really is the business . This is just a photocopy of a photocopy .
 If the tacky title does n't put you off this British thriller , the absence of any real thrills certainly will . In spite of `` Hamlet '' and other narratives you might name , revenge is never a noble motive . Yet this movie invites us to root for Clive Owen to take down the villain `` responsible '' for the suicide of his young drug-dealing brother -LRB- who is truly to blame is subject to conjecture -RRB- . The pretentious script takes forever coming to a conclusion.The real mystery here is why such dependable actors , Clive Owen and the utterly wasted Charlotte Rampling among them , signed on to such a cold-blooded exercise . The movie looks good , perhaps because we spend more time looking at the screen than concentrating on what is happening . To help in this respect , you will want to click on the English subtitles ; everyone in it is as soft-spoken as the movie itself is hard-hearted .
 After seeing Croupier , a previous collaboration between director Mike Hodges and actor Clive Owen , I was really looking forward to this movie . Unfortunately , I 'll Sleep When I 'm Dead is simply a bad movie . Where to start - how about the homophobic undercurrent prevalent throughout the movie ? According to this movie , the worse fate in the world is to be raped and the only logical answer is suicide . This movie is so rote and by-the-book , with absolutely no suspense or build up , that it felt like I was watching a graduate student film . Clive Owen , usually a fantastic actor , possibly does TOO GOOD a job during this movie , underacting to the point of practically sleepwalking through the part ; Charlotte Rampling is wasted in her role while Malcolm McDowell ACTS as if he were wasted -LRB- on booze , that is -RRB- . I ca n't believe the same guy that made Croupier made this mess .
 Watching Clive Owen in Croupier and Arthur , I looked forward to viewing this movie even though I knew it was a bad sign that I had not heard of it . Ebert 's and Roeper 's `` two thumbs way up '' also sold me on renting it , but I wonder if we saw the same film . Boy , what an incomplete storyline!At the conclusion , I immediately went to see if there was a director 's commentary to discuss what happened . My main complaint is the lack of explanation why Boad -LRB- Malcolm McDowell -RRB- committed such a heinous act . The reveal never came , nor did the desired backstory delving into what drove Will into isolation.On the plus side , I enjoyed the British dialogue and the setting . We are indeed two nations separated by a common language . This however is not enough to recommend this film.Here 's hoping that Clive Owen will finally get a role that lets him use more of his facial muscles and a script that does n't need an accompanying Cliff Notes to understand the plot .
 Kept hoping/waiting for something to actually happen in this movie , and really , never did . If you feel like wasting some time on a boring movie , with really zero payoff at the end , this is the movie for you .
 A movie about grieving and revenge that starts out a bit odd , has a shocking moment , and then pewters out . It 's worth a look for shaggybeard!Clive Owen and then cleaned-up ! Clive Owen .
 Any films with Clive Owen should not be missed especially when the film is directed by Mike Hodges of ` The Croupier ' fame . That 's why I watched ` I 'll Sleep When I 'm Dead . ' I know many critics praised it for its atmospheric photography and its ambiguous content that might or might not teach you something about existential meaning of our life even though you do n't want to know existential meaning of life . All I can say safely here is that I almost slept during the long film that goes on and on as if played at half speed . ` I 'll Sleep When I 'm Dead ' is Mike Hodges 's modern-day urban noir film featuring quiet guy Will -LRB- Owen -RRB- working in a forest , living in an old van . While Will has left the town -LRB- whose name is unspecified -RRB- , his brother Davey -LRB- Jonathan Rhys Meyers -RRB- is found dead in a bathtub.According to the well-known formula of crime novels and films , Will must search the truths behind his brother 's strange death , and avenge it . Will , who has left the life of crime three years ago , is expected to be back in the business of killing before or after questioning the life he had been leading . The fact is , we are not sure of it here.Mike Hodges ' film not only refuses to follow the course - that is not a problem for me - but also meanders too much with scene after scene , many of which only show and tell the very superfluous things like Charlotte Rampling suggesting that Will should leave the matter to the police , or leave the town immediately . Though the film takes time to get us to know the characters of Will , it never convinces us of the cause of the death , and the truths about it . Charlotte Rampling and Malcolm McDowell are both terribly wasted , particularly McDowell whose character 's motive for doing what he did is simply laughable . Even Clive Owen , undeniably gifted actor , looks confines in formula-one acting up until ten minutes before the ending.There are many good things that would have made a better British noir in ` I 'll Sleep When I 'm Dead ' but the film never finds a way to use them effectively , relying too much on the moody cinematography and character study . The film got both of them , and I admit both are pretty good , but not good enough to make us forget its dull pace and pretentiousness .
 The only good part about this film was the lack of dialogue . The writers did n't want to waste their time with it -LRB- or with character development , plot line , or any of those other pesky things that get in the way of a movie -RRB- , so most of the film was composed of edgy angles and moody music . There was Clive Owen . I will say that much for it.As for the rest , the story was a typical vengeance tale . The good-looking petty drug dealing brother -LRB- Davy -RRB- of a former London bad guy turned granola-muncher -LRB- Will , played by Clive Owen -RRB- kills himself under suspicious circumstances . Will now must face his personal demons ... does he leave the matter to the cops and rejoin his lady love in law-abiding domestic bliss , or does he revert to his former bad-ass self and off the m * % ^ & * $ * ^ $ er who was responsible for his brother 's death ? Actually , now that I 've spelled it out , that would n't have been a bad plot . Nor would adding a sub-plot involving yet another bad-ass who is determined to kill Will now that the former bad-ass is back in town.That was the story that the writers were supposed to tell , but destroyed with dreadful dialogue -LRB- what little there was -RRB- , miniscule character development , gigantic logic holes -LRB- the explanation for Davy 's rape was ludicrous given the enormous lengths the perp went to in order to carry it out -RRB- , and a pace so slow you could easily take a nap between the beginning and the end and not miss anything . In fact , you could skip this movie altogether and take a nap right now . It 's a better use of your time .
 Wow , was this ever borrrrring . Endless shots of guys driving to and fro in London , where according to this film the sun never shines . Everybody in a bad mood almost all the time -LRB- blame the weather ? -RRB- . All the ingredients from a typical Brit gangster film but none of the fun , zing , and intrigue . Just a technically well-shot but increasingly dull story about revenge and a few rather unpleasant scenes of various sorts.All of which leads exactly nowhere.And why does Malcolm McDowell look now look Sting after a 20-year binge on booze and pills ? It 's painful to see . Alex , me droogy , wot ` appened ? At least he looked better here than in the latest season of Entourage , where he 's like Medusa
 Clive Owen has come into his own as an actor . His roles in GOSFORD PARK , INSIDE MAN , and CHILDREN OF MEN have proven him to be an excellent casting choice . And here in I 'LL SLEEP WHEN I 'M DEAD , director Mike Hodges made the very wise decision to feature Mr. Owen in the prime role as Will Graham , a `` retired '' gangster returned to the madness after the apparent suicide of his only brother.Building on the fairly weak relationship of Will Graham with his brother Davey -LRB- Jonathan Rhys Meyers , MATCH POINT -RRB- , the story begins just as it ends , with the arrival and ultimate departure of Will . Interesting in a sort of nonlinear scripting way , the story 's ambling nature and unaffecting characters are impossible to empathize with . When Davey -LRB- Meyers -RRB- is brutally sodomized by a ruthless man , we care very little because we simply do n't know anything about them . Nor do we know -LRB- or are ever told -RRB- why Davey was raped in the first place . There is a simple speech given by the rapist -LRB- played by Malcolm McDowell -RRB- in an attempt at an explanation , but this is neither believable nor seemingly coherent with the script itself.Which leads us to bigger and better problems . Since this is the crux of the story -- and what brings Will -LRB- Owen -RRB- out of retirement -- this leaves the entire film feeling very hollow . The connections between thugs , coroners/cops , and family are thinly developed -LRB- if at all -RRB- and given so little screen-time as to leave most watchers scratching their heads.The ending , as stated earlier , mirrors the film 's beginnings in that Will appears standing on the same beach monologuing the same lines . The assumption that the viewer is supposed to make is that this has happened before -LRB- i.e. , Will has come out of `` retirement '' in the past for important things -RRB- , but it comes off feeling stilted and out of place.Clive Owen does an admirable acting job , but the script given him here is too weak to make this a positive movie-going experience .
 Great British actors such as Owen , Myers , Rampling and Mcdowell are waisted in this boring , lifeless film which could very well have been made as a TV movie . Could this really be directed by the same guy who made Croupier and Get Carter ? A complete waste of talent , and one I think Clive Owen will want to forget , especially as he seems on the cusp of conquering hollywood .
 I guess I was expecting a remake of `` Get Carter '' -LRB- the 1971 version -RRB- Done the way it should have been . I remembered watching Michael Caine rip though everything as a child and thinking he was awesome . So when the 2000 version with Sylvester Stallone came out I was willing to give it a try even * if * Rambo was playing the part . Alas my hopes were dashed and I rushed to see the original again only to realize that it was n't so good either . Some things from the 70 's just do n't translate well , and I think that 's what happened with `` Get Carter '' . So in my mind I started seeing how a modern version of Carter should be done . When I first saw the trailer for `` I 'll Sleep When I 'm Dead '' I felt as if my prayers had been answered . When I found out Clive Owen -LRB- King Arther -RRB- , Charlotte Rampling -LRB- Spy Game -RRB- and Malcolm McDowell -LRB- Clockwork Orange -RRB- were going to be in it , I began racking up the body count in my head.So it was a pretty severe let down . First off I expected * much * better directing from Mike Hodges , the pacing of this movie felt like some first time Film Festival entry , instead of from one of the writers of the original `` Get Carter '' . Thinking perhaps I was letting my memory of the original cloud my judgment too much I watched it again . Trying to judge it on its own merits . I tried but the plot is obviously a rip off of Get Carter so its pretty impossible not to compare . And as bad as both version are so far -LRB- and they are pretty bad -RRB- In the first version you get a * lot * of violence -LRB- by 70 's standards -RRB- In the 2nd you at least get to look at Rachael Leigh Cook make pouty faces . `` I 'll sleep when I 'm Dead '' does n't even have that little hope.I wish I could say that the acting was stellar but again just did n't live up to its potential . Clive Owens keeps the same sad expression on his face throughout the entire movie without ever explaining * why * he was so sour . Charlotte Rampling looked as if someone used her hard then hung her up wet , which probable could have been explained by her charter only her acting did n't seem to match . Malcolm McDowell 's role was so out of place that the best I can figure Hodges realized that he was going to get a few hours of McDowell 's time and did n't have time to write a part for him so instead just stole a scene from Caligola . Do n't waste your time or money .
 An enormously talented cast shows what can be done with a pile of junk script . While the premise of the movie is intriguing , the script is an undeveloped piece of garbage.I was astonished at the praise heaped on this movie , including the Ebert & Roper `` Two Thumbs Way Up '' -LRB- way up what ? -RRB- . Every actor in the film is wasted , nothing is resolved , we are offered almost nothing of the characters backgrounds with that pretentious directorial `` wink '' that 's supposed to make the `` hip filmsters '' know what 's going on . Yawn.Worst excuse for rape ever
 I rented this movie specifically to see another example of Clive Owen 's work . His brief impressive appearance in Bourne Identity piqued my interest . Well , he was not disappointing in this , but the film overall sure was . It starts out well enough , drawing you in as you 're trying to figure out why a series of events leads to a suicide . But then it goes awry quickly . Director Hodges must be an idiot or he does n't know quite how to edit . He likes to leave us guessing about a number of details ; that 's alright as the story unfolds and it heightens the mystery and suspense . But when the film has concluded and we still do n't know some crucial facts , it leaves me wondering what he was attempting to do . We 're not really told enough about the past of Owen 's character or his relationship with the other main characters . Then , the final scenes are both abrupt and inexplicable - a murder and Charlotte Rampling still being held hostage . What the -- ? Just as baffling , there are scenes along the way that seem to have no purpose - such as one of those when he 's lumber-jacking . Yes , Clive Owen is good enough in this , but I recommend that you pass on it and go on to Croupier instead , another film flawed by Hodges presposterous editing , but a much better movie than this .
 Besides how good Clive Owens looks after he cleans up , there is nothing to redeem this film . To have talented actors like Charlotte Rampling and Malcolm McDowell , and of course Clive himself , in a film and reduce them to utterly flat dialogue , undeveloped characters , and a very murky plot line is criminal ! This is one of the worst films I have ever seen and I strongly advise everyone to avoid it !
 I know it is not always fair to judge a director 's latest work by stacking it against earlier efforts , but in the case of Mike Hodges , who has only made 2 previous films in 33 years -LRB- 1971 's `` Get Carter '' and the more recent `` Croupier '' -RRB- expectations tend to run high . `` I 'll Sleep When I 'm Dead '' reunites `` Croupier '' star Clive Owen with Hodges in another moody `` Brit Noir '' . Curiously , Hodges appears bent on doing a semi-remake of `` Get Carter '' . There is a glaringly similar set up borrowed from the former movie-a low-grade criminal 's suspicious `` accidental '' death is tirelessly investigated and ultimately avenged by an estranged brother . Owens even plays his character with the same glum , poker-faced resolve that Michael Caine used in `` Carter '' . Unfortunately , where the former film evolved into an engaging character study after the set-up , `` I 'll Sleep When I 'm Dead '' quickly loses steam and turns into a by-the-numbers revenge thriller -LRB- and I apply the word `` thriller '' loosely here -RRB- . The film is so somnambulent that I found myself marvelling at how much Malcolm McDowell and Sting resemble each other these days , rather than caring about whether McDowell 's character would get his due -LRB- if I had a yo-yo with me , I probably would have practiced `` walking the dog '' while awaiting the inevitable denouement -RRB- . Perhaps I missed some subtle subtext or point -LRB- always a possibility during a first viewing -RRB- but it will be a long time before I can steel myself to sit through this one again . If you are a fan of Hodges ' previous films , you will probably want to satisfy your curiosity ; but consider yourself duly warned !
 I assume that the title of this movie is taken from the Warren Zevon tune -- a song , I might point out , that is about five thousand times more exciting than this dull , pedantic , pathetic , shiftless , soulless , sleep inducing film -LRB- I had to watch it over two nights as it lulled me to sleep after thirty minutes on the first viewing -RRB- . How in the world do you make a Clive Owen , Malcom McDowell , Charlotte Rampling flick SO flat and pointless that it induces drowsiness ? The acting is so deadpan and emotionless that it HAS to be good , right ? Wow , and count those crime noir cliches in the script -- is that a deep , meaningful commentary on the whole genre I smell ? And what about all of those plot points -LRB- about half of the screen time in the film -RRB- that not only DO N'T add to the main story but actually distract and detract the viewer 's attention to confuse him or her as to what is actually going on -- surely this is the sign of a truly meaningful movie experience , right ? And let 's not forget the lack of resolution for every single one of these meaningless sub-plots , including the old flame with a gun to her head . Oh , wait , I guess that was done so intelligent movie watchers , like myself , can inject a little thought and speculation into this , obviously , interactive experience . Maybe it is all meant to help solidify my strong homophobic worries and fears -LRB- just watch the movie and think about that comment -RRB- . Is this a student art-for-arts-sake film disguised as crime noir ? Or is this really just a flat , dull , dumb crime noir film ? You be the judge -- if you can stay awake.Hey , in quick response to one of the other `` glowing '' reviewers -- if the movie they DO N'T show you is more interesting than the movie they DO show you -- that 's a pretty good indication it 's a bad movie .
 I want the 103 minutes of my life back that I spent watching this movie . Deceived by the glowing reviews on the DVD jacket , I stuck it out until the end , hoping something interesting would happen . Nothing did . Even the actors looked bored .
 This movie is a real disappointment . It is soft , mushy , poo poo . The pace is plodding , the acting uninspired and the director and writer are to blame . What a waste of acting talent considering Clive barely has a pulse this entire film . Its all so much brooding Faustian grayness that the whole reformed or repentant bad guy thing is meaningless . The entire film is spent building up Clive as this uber toughguy and all he does is plug one guy and that 's it ! The entire premise -LRB- stop reading if you want to see the film -RRB- does not make sense . Three guys in tuxedoes rape a small time drug dealer-where is the motivation . Later we learn that the rapist Malcolm McDowell just did n't like him . And this guy is a fancy car dealer . Even the thugs in this movie are inadequate , the performances are uneven and Charlotte Rampling is wasted . This movie lacks action , the anger you would expect from a story where gangsters vie for power and a sibling who wants to take revenge for his brother 's suicide loses control . Instead we are left with a waste of time . Shame on you Mike Hodges .
 If I could , I would give this movie -5 stars . Do not be deceived by the synopsis . This is arguably one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Nothing in this movie makes any sense .
 Clive Owen -LRB- Croupier , Closer , King Arthur -RRB- stars as William Graham , a former gangster , who returns to his friends , family and loved ones after 3 years absence . Owen also returns because his brother Davey Graham , played by Jonathan Rhys-Meyers -LRB- Elvis , Alexander , The Maker -RRB- , took his own life . Owen finds out that his brother was raped and he bled internally so that 's why he killed himself . Owen , then sets out to avenge his brothers death . Clive Owen is always good in anything he is . If the movie is crappy , he 's the only good thing in it . This movie is a sleeper which is really disappointing , I had high hopes for this one and the end kind of left me wanting more . It was a distasteful ending . Also starring Charlotte Rampling -LRB- Angel Heart , Swimming Pool -RRB- and Malclom McDowell -LRB- A Clock Work Orange , Pact With The Devil -RRB- . McDowell is wasted in another short role .
 This is a terrible movie . I equate it to trying to start your car after the battery has died . It `` ai n't '' gon na start , no how no way . This movie has no `` heart '' whatsoever and can be best described as pointless nonsense . The `` killer '' in this movie gives the most mundane , stupid reasons for his crime imageable . Laughably predictable . The movie is a BORE . Please keep this one `` across the pond '' . In America , we do n't want it .
 I had high hopes for this film , but came away from the ending credits feeling unsatisfied . At times the pace was very slow and the momentum of the movie was lost in scenes that failed to propel the story forward . For a gangster film , there was very little violence or action . The journey that the main character goes through helps build the tension of the film towards the anticipated climax . Unfortunately , what we end up seeing falls short . Instead , I was left feeling confused and denied a sense of completion . The story was not told fully . It was like a whole chapter of the book was torn out and we are left with having to make up the ending ourselves .
 I usually do n't take the time to review movies , but this one was so bad that I made an exception . First off , I must admit that I did not understand the movie . Second , I 'm not sure there was anything to understand , that is except for the psychology behind people who rape and the psychology of people that have been raped , which was made unusually clear . The acting is very bad and the story is very weak . The end of the movie leaves you with a hired killer waiting for the main character , Will , at his girlfriends house . Do n't worry , I did not spoil the movie if you have not seen it , because this scene like all the preceeding scenes , do not make any sense . The killer is so disconnected from the plot of the movie that it is hard to understand why he is even there . Rather than leaving the audience wondering what might happen when Will arrives , this movie is so disjointed , it leaves you wondering what kind of drugs the production staff where on when they made the movie . I 'll sleep when I 'm dead only served to drop my estimation of British films another couple of notches .
 the flattest film i have ever seen . there is no storyline , no suspense . no climax , no character development . there are a multitude of characters , most that appear for a short time , say a few lines , and are never seen again , and yet appear in the credits . 3 minutes before the movie ends , it gets very interesting , which left me saying to the rolling credits , `` NO , no no ! that ca n't be the end !!! it just started ! `` but judging by the fact that there are currently over 80 people selling this DVD on this site for less than a third of retail , i 'm not the only one disappointed .
 there is only one funny part in this movie , it is a bad remax of American Pie which I loved . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I recently started watching foreign movies and thought I would try an Italian show . I found it very difficult to listened to Italian.I dont have a problem with the sub-titles . But the sound of Italian is too harsh . I prefer , Swedish or French . I could not watch it for long . Maybe next time I 'll mute the sound . Wow What an idea !!!
 I was dismayed to pay more than $ 20 for this DVD , thinking it would be an illuminating video about the Silk Road to show kids . Slow , deadly opening on tea cultivation in China and then some bits straight out of Chinese propaganda about the evils of life in Tibet before the Peoples Republic of China came to power . Wonder who really financed this documentary ?
 I was VERY disappointed . Marco Polo 's Roof of the World is exactly the same DVD as this one . How can they sell the same film with two different titles and two different cover illustrations . There 's no way to tell that you are buying the same film twice !!!!
 I thought from the trailer it would not be that bad , but after watching the korean version , it did not even come near it . The acting was n't that bad , but I guess i do not like remakes . But this just my opinion anyway .
 I watched the original Korean version at least 20 times . It was with a little exaggeration in the middle , but deep and touching.The remake , I ca n't even bear to watch it the first time . It feels like it has a lot of `` acting '' as if they want to `` act like it is so '' . It is shallow and pretentious.Try the original Korean version instead .
 Wow ... I loved the korean movie and I thought hey I loved it so I 'll give it a chance but this was competely horrendous and it makes me sad that such a great movie was ruined . I really hope everyone just skips this movie and stick to the original .
 Maverick/Vertigo originally got high marks for deciding to remake a very popular Korean film of the same name , but the results were less than fantastic . The targeted audience of teen to twenty-somethings was obvious with two castings of the Bring It On actor Jesse Bradford and the popular 24 daughter Elisha Cuthbert.The requests for this one were already pouring in because of the original piece , plus the director from the highly rated Love Me if You Dare made his next film . I 'll skip the comparisons between the two films and just try this one on its own merit.The storyline of two young strangers meeting in New York and falling in love appears quite forcefully after a novice storyboard coverage of the main character 's early life . Our Cuthbert character plays the strange and mysterious rich girl with a damaged back story we know nothing about . Through the course of their strange meetings , dates or whatever you want to call them , all of the teens watching left the room within 20 minutes . I stuck it out to see if this dysfunctional relationship would become believable . It never really does , and as the love story grew painfully more boring and contrived , the middle-aged ladies gave up watching also.The ending had some heart , but overall the film never materializes into anything enjoyable , believable or rewatchable . The DVD has absolutely nothing extra to it , so between there being no special features whatsoever and a disappointing love story , I had to give it the lower rating .
 The French director may compose the movie in an unique matter , but felt a bit messy . His transitions were too off , sometimes quick and sometimes slow . The humor was a bit off taste . At times that 's what made it feel slow.And I must mention , good movies should almost never be remade .
 In MY SASSY GIRL , Elisha Cuthbert plays Jordan Roark , an annoying and manipulative drunk who supposedly charms nice guy Charlie Bellow -LRB- Jesse Bradford -RRB- by ordering him around , passing out in public places and insisting on various `` high-spirited '' activities . None of this looks like much fun -LRB- and Charlie frequently tells his college roommate how un-fun it is -RRB- . But Charlie ca n't help himself , 'cause , gosh-darn it , he 's fallen in love.What 's the `` painful secret '' that has turned Jordan into such a hellion ? It 's not hard to guess . And it hardly justifies her stupid behavior , or Charlie 's patience with her . By the time the `` painful secret '' is finally revealed , there 's just time for some painful dialogue about `` destiny '' and a painful wrap-up that only underscores how stupid Jordan was to keep her secret for so long.MY SASSY GIRL is a remake of what we 're told was a `` highly successful '' Korean film . My suggestion
 * Spoilers Below * Why does Hollywood feel the need to take classic non-American films and rape them until they 're deformed beyond all recognition ? It must be nice to make millions of dollars by doing nothing more than crapping on various works of art from other countries . I 'm apparently in the wrong line of business.First off , Jesse Bradford sounds like a weasel and gives a mediocre performance . Just watch his reaction after Elisha Cuthbert lies to his teacher - it 's terrible . Cuthbert is your typical Hollywood actress under 30 years of age - very hot , but could n't act her way out of a paper bag . Watching her try to be `` sassy '' is incredibly painful because at times her mannerisms are overly accentuated to the point where she looks like she 's got a bad case of hemorrhoids . As far as supporting actors go , the guy who played the runaway soldier was dreadful , and the old man near the end was even worse . Ji-hyun Jun 's performance in the original was no fluke . South Korea has at least 5 times as much youthful acting talent than the States . That 's no exaggeration.This is your typical Hollywood remake that reenacts a dozen or so scenes from the superior original in unimaginative , idiotic ways -LRB- ala `` The Departed '' -RRB- in an effort to pander to the dim-wittedness and xenophobia of your typical American moviegoer who would rather slit their wrists than read subtitles . This is evident in the dialogue , which is way too cringeworthy for its own good . Every single line is opaque , thoughtless , and overly simplified to the point of sheer stupidity . Here are some direct quotes from the film :1 . `` Death , man ... death sucks ! '' 2 . `` I like you and the last three days have been some of the most interesting -LRB- if not painful -RRB- of my life . But my brain is hemorrhaging and my career is ruined and I just think it 's better if we part ways . '' 3 . `` Who would be intrigued by a hot , mysterious , passionate , possibly bipolar , violent , drunken , arrogant , rude woman ? '' 4 . `` Whatever she was going through - it was beyond anything in my experience and beyond my ability to fix . I had no right to judge her . If I chose to stay with her -LRB- knowing the risks -RRB- all I could do was give her love and respect and see how the story would end . '' 5 . `` I 'm sorry . He 's just a guy my father made me go out with , but every second I was with him I was wishing it was you and that 's why I called you tonight - I could n't take it anymore . Charlie , I need you . '' 6 . `` Hey kid , is this a subway platform or your own piece of drawing paper ? '' 7 . `` You know what ? I know that you really do n't want to hurt me . '' 8 . `` Yessss , I 'm free and I 'm loving it . Train where are you . Wooo hooo . Choo choo . `` Hollywood translation
 It 's an OK romantic comedy . If I had n't seen the original may be it would have been more enjoyable - it just does n't have the magic of the Korean version .
 I would not have written a review for this movie , had I not been embroiled in real-life relationships with hardcore narcissists , and reading books about how to get over them and , importantly , identify them before falling head over heels for them.From the very beginning of the movie , my jaw hit the floor . I think in the past I may have found Elisha Cuthbert 's character compelling , `` free-spirited '' and attractive , but now ... She is a by-the-book , larger than life , larger than psychology textbook hardcore narcissist ; she disrupts poor guy 's life in every possible way , has him arrested , harassed , concussed , humiliated , estranged from what matters to him . She constantly disrupts his life , his schedule , whatever he wants , or builds , or wishes for , she has to come first , she is grossly irresponsible , immature , `` cute '' , `` dangerous '' . She introduces him without warning to a new love interest , she plays hot when he ca n't take it anymore , she pouts , she faints , she sues him , takes him to Daddy so Daddy can make him feel 2 inches tall and show NO RESPECT whatsoever for any part of him.Of course , some `` reason '' is found by the the end of the movie . Whatever.Funnily enough , I watched Chasing Amy a day after watching My Sassy Girl , and CA 's characters 's reality , sensitivity , honesty and sometimes great maturity were an eerie clash to MSG 's . Same setting -LRB- New York -RRB- , same age group , 2 blonde heroines ... but one of them just makes you want to throw her from a very high bridge ... and no further resemblances can be found!I am in the process of learning that real life is n't what 's portrayed in the movies . And MSG could do a lot of damage , if believed ...
 I guess seeing a cute blonde who passes out from too much alchohol and getting rides home from various strange men with various intentions might be someone 's idea of a good idea for a film . I suppose that having a cute blonde go after a guy because he reminds her so much of her fiance could be exciting . I ' t even possible that a fairly intelligent college student could throw away his dreams as this cute little blonde draws him in to all her bizarre behavior . A group of us watched this movie together and the concensus was unanimous
 There are just some things that do not work in the US/English - a lot of those things are the cutesy and quirkyness of Asian-ness / Korean movies . First off the original My Sassy Girl is a pretty long movie -- it develops the characters pretty well but this version is so short you ca n't get attached to the characters . At least watch it on a stream first before you purchase it .
 ... to ruin a great movie.Wow , where to start on this remake ? First of all , I am a huge fan of the original Korean movie ; if you have not seen it , please stop reading now and go do so ; I can almost guarantee that if you like chick flicks , a la `` The Notebook '' , that you will like the Korean version , and perhaps even love it , like I did . So what 's wrong with this remake ? CAUTION - SPOILERS AHEADWithin the first five minutes of the movie , it had already gone off the rails . Maybe it never even got on the rails . The opening music was a variation , a worse variation , on the opening music to the original movie . So I did n't like the music , big deal . But the huge , waving red flag was how the subject of the cousin 's death was introduced . The male lead is positively flippant about his cousin having just died . It was like the movie wanted to play the cousin 's death for a laugh or something . This was most likely the fault of the writer , but it 's hard not to blame the actor and director too.I actually like the two lead actors , but Elisha Cuthbert was seriously miscast in this movie . She 's not old , but she 's too worldly to pull off the irrational behavior required by the script . In the Korean original , the actress was innocent and almost tomboyish ; she did n't have any `` feminine wiles '' ; she 's just innocent , sweet , and suffering . The audience forgives her behavior because she is so innocent and sweet , and you see her heartbreak in almost every frame . The problem is , Cuthbert 's character seems like she ought to know better , and she exudes a sexiness and lack of innocence that is wrong for the character . It made me wonder if the character might be a part-time dominatrix or something.Next , the editing
 The 2008 `` My Sassy Girl '' is , as you know , a remake of the Korean film of the same title made in 2001 . But the remake went straight to DVD in USA , which suggests something is wrong with the film , but you know , Danny Boyle 's Oscar-winning `` Slumdog Millionaire '' was almost released straight to DVD instead of getting a theatrical release in America , so you just can not judge the film by that alone . In the case of `` My Sassy Girl , '' however , my instincts proved right.In `` My Sassy Girl '' Elisha Cuthbert -LRB- best known as Kim Bauer in `` 24 '' -RRB- plays the titular girl , slightly eccentric and unpredictable Jordan Roark . When good-natured , mild-mannered Charlie Bellow from Midwest -LRB- played by Jesse Bradford , `` Bring it on '' -RRB- meets her on the subway platform in New York City , the girl is terribly drunk and she falls asleep on the bench . As Charlie is a kind guy , he could n't leave her alone so he carries her -LRB- literally -RRB- to his room.This is probably a highly unusual -LRB- and unlikely -RRB- way of getting to know someone else , but the film goes on anyway . Knowing that life with this strange girl is big trouble , Charlie continues to meet Jordan , who keeps cropping up unexpectedly , and virtually sabotages his career . I do n't know why , but he thinks she is still attractive and irresistible , so Charlie starts seeing her and falls in love with her.What is refreshing and intriguing in a certain situation does n't necessarily look the same in another . Ji-hyun Jun 's `` sassy girl '' in the original , so full of emotion , interested us because of the cultural background of the heroine and the hero and their reversed power relations between the sexes . Elisha Cuthbert 's `` sassy girl '' on the other hand is only implausible and annoying . Her character lacks the soul that the original 's sassy girl surely had.Or maybe someone else should be blamed . Yann Samuell , known for his unique and dark romance `` Love Me If You Dare '' -LRB- starring Marion Cotillard -RRB- , is clearly not the best choice for director of this film , of which story includes very melodramatic elements . You need confidence in telling this kind of emotional love story , but judging from his previous effort which looks like darker `` Amelie , '' Yann Samuell 's strength lies somewhere else.There are many romantic comedies set in New York City - `` Annie Hall '' `` When Harry Met Sally ... '' and the list goes on - and like them the city itself plays a significant role in `` My Sassy Girl '' which is visually alluring . Sadly its soulless narrative lacks the charms and beauty of the photography .
 This Hollywood version of My Sassy Girl is just awful
 This film is billed as a romantic comedy , but it is neither romantic nor funny . It is the story of a `` nice , '' but bored , college boy who falls in love with a destructive girl . We learn at the end that Jordan 's destructive behavior is due to a `` painful secret , '' but the most painful part of this film is the film itself . Jordan 's -LRB- Elisha Cuthbert 's -RRB- `` hotness '' does n't make up for this lousy movie.There are no likable characters , and none of the characters make any sense . Ostensibly , Charlie 's reason for falling in love with Jordan is that his parents are so nice and conventional that he craves people who are the opposite . For her part , Jordan has her own sick reasons for liking Charlie , and all the maudlin sappiness at the end does n't redeem this story ; if anything , it makes it worse . I ca n't tell you what Jordan 's painful secret is without spoiling the movie -LRB- as if I could spoil it ! -RRB- , but I can tell you that her pain does n't explain her behavior . By the middle of this film I felt convinced that Charlie loved Jordan not in spite of her destructive behavior but because of it , and there 's nothing romantic or funny about that ! Maybe Charlie also has a `` painful secret '' that could explain away his actions ? I 'll look for that in the sequel.In the end , I was left wondering why Charlie felt so strongly attracted to an incredibly rude , destructive , selfish , irrational alcoholic who , even after she has pulled herself together , is still completely irrational with silly talk about `` destiny . '' Take destiny into your own hands and avoid this movie !
 I got this CD in a timely manner it did appear new I opened it and put in in my Cd player it did not work . Then I tried my other CD player and it didnt work so I went to my computer and it still did n't work very upset.I returned it and am still waiting for my refund
 I did not review this product . This product was presented to me as a download , and I wanted a DVD . So it was deleted from my purchase list . Thank you .
 I sure wish this were available on DVD or Blu-Ray , so I could purchase it and watch it with my wife , as I have with every other season of Project Runway . I have absolutely zero interest in `` buying '' it in digital file format , and I represent nothing but lost revenue and bad feelings towards those who are pushing this inferior , overpriced format onto the show 's fans . Boo . -LRB- Axton -RRB-
 An ok video for the concert lover but these guys do n't sound anywhere as they did say 15 years ago . If your looking for concert DVDs from the 70s and 80s get the Doobie Brothers , STYX or REO Speedwagon which all are better and their sound is better with age .
 Concert & video quality are outstanding and the lossless PCM stereo track is beautiful ; however , there is no audible output to the center channel speaker from the dts-HD Master Audio track . I verified that this is not a problem with my decoder -- all of my other Joe Thomas-produced `` Soundstage '' Blu-rays play dts-HD MA flawlessly . Thank goodness for Amazon 's easy return policy .
 i had to watch it coz of jack nicholson and coz i found out that the musical version of it is not really the original.had to see the original one.okay to watch but if you never saw the musical one with also steve martin in it , then get THAT one . the musical movie version is much more entertaining with great funny characters.so this one is not really worth a buy .
 This movie needs better acting and special effects . It also needs color to make it more interesting . It would n't hurt for a better score or if it was longer to add detail . At the beginning , the narrator needs to put some expression into what he is saying and the actors need to do that over all . I actually think the best actor from this movie was the plant and the guy who ate flowers .
 I am a fan of Little Shop and purchased this DVD as a period piece . Viewers looking for Nicholson to star or even `` act '' in this DVD version will be very disappointed . He plays a minor role and his acting is no better than others in the cast -LRB- which is pretty disappointing -RRB- . Perhaps I have missed something , but this DVD is not worth the price of admission .
 This is yet another example of ripping off fans of 3-D movies . Razor 3-D has released quite a few legitimate field-sequential 3-D titles , but they unfortunatley have also released 2-D movies that are supposedly converted to 3-D . THE CONVERSION PROCESS DOES NOT WORK ! You can not see any meaningful depth whatsoever ! They did the same thing with some other movies , such as Night of the Living Dead , City Girls , etc. etc.IF YOU ARE BUYING BECAUSE YOU WANT TO SEE IT IN 3-D , FORGET IT ! If you are satisfied with seeing it in 2-D , then you are fine . If you want to see real 3-D , you can do so with a field-sequential 3-D viewing system , but only use movies that were released to theaters in 3-D and then released on DVD in field-sequential 3-D . Some of the anaglyph movies -LRB- red/blue glasses -RRB- also work fairly well , but again , only if they were originally shot in 3-D . Quality varies widely . I would have given this review 0 stars if that option was available .
 DO NOT buy this movie if you want to watch it in 3-D . one it doesnt come with glasses . which is ok for me as i own 2 different kind of glasses . the blue/red ones and the clear/grey ones . both those kinds DO NOT WORK ! i guess you have to buy some 3-D special thing and special glasses to watch it in 3-D which i think runs like 100 dollars but not sure . so DO NOT BUY if you want to watch the 3-D version . what a joke they should post that you need to buy stuff to watch . glasses easy to get but to but special equiptment should be stated in the info as i would not have bought this knowing i could not watch in 3-D -_- ;
 dissapointed was not what i wanted was looking for newr version this was an older one so just was n't happy
 I was recently unfortunate enough to acquire 2 of Legend 's colorized discs , Little Shop being one . Even though Little Shop was colorized -LRB- which is bad enough -RRB- , I thought the so-called restored B/W version might be good to have . This so-called restored version had a major splice in dialogue in the scene where Jack Nicholson comes into the dentist 's office . I have a dollar store version where that scene is intact . So much for Legend 's restoration . This shows how little they think of their customers . The best thing all-around would be for Legend to be put out of business for this and their multilation of other films . Legend insults the consumer and the filmmakers with their colorization and editing of films . Legend = Rampant Incompetance .
 Slingshot has pissed on us YET AGAIN !!! This time it 's in the form of a `` 3D '' -LRB- I use that term loosely -RRB- conversion of the Corman cult classic . It 's a classic , and I was looking for a copy when I was in a production of the musical . I wasted $ 25 on this crappy copy !!! 1 . IT DOES N'T COME WITH 3D GLASSES . Not a problem with me since I have quite a few kicking around the house .2 . The `` 3D '' is no 3D at all . I got a bad feeling in my stomach when I saw how bad the -LRB- cheesy , I must add -RRB- DVD menu looked . I got really bad double vision after 5 minutes . No pop-outs , no depth ... what a waste of eyesight .3 . The 2D version is crap quality . Not that it was a surprise since it 's an old film and its print has been through a lot of transfers . But I can barely understand what the characters are saying . And sometimes I can barely see what 's going on through the thick layers of grain . The nighttime scenes are the worst , specifically where Seymour kills the prostitute by throwing a large stone in the air and making sure it lands on her head .4 . There 's no extras . Blow .5 . Time for another installment of `` Video Box Idiocy '' , something I started on my review of `` Night of Horror '' . The banner at the top of the front cover reads `` 3D HORROR CLASSICS '' . First off , this is n't a horror movie . Sure it has that b-movie horror concept , but it 's a COMEDY . Then on the back of the box , the summary keeps calling it a horror movie when again , it 's a COMEDY . If that was n't bad enough , the last line in the summary reads `` Watch Audrey Jr. fight for his life in 3D ! '' . OK . Have they even seen the movie ??? Audrey Jr. does n't `` Fight for his life '' . We only get 10 minutes of Audrey II and the only scenes we see him doing anything that even resembles `` fighting for his life '' is when he demands to be fed.Overall , by all means buy this movie , but save your money on this pile of crap DVD .
 If you 've never seen Little Shop but love humor on the edge , this is more than worth the money -LRB- though I bought the same copy from another source for a dollar less -RRB- . But , if you love film , this copy is abysmal , not even close to Corman 's original . There 's dirt on the film , contrast is limited -LRB- though the movie is watchable -RRB- and detail is definitely compromised . It 's recorded in VHS EP mode.Corman made some great films , this title is arguably the best of its genre , and I hate to think that the original may be lost or missing , and this is all we have left.It may have been shot in two days , but it was excellent B/W not so long ago .
 Some movies are so bad that they are good fun . This is n't one of those . `` Eating Raoul '' was one , but `` The Little Shop of Horrors '' is simply a mess . As a horror film , it is n't very scary . After all , a plant can not move to chase you , no matter how hungry or big it is . And as a comedy , this is just plain stupid . There 's a very pretty girl who spouts malaprops that perhaps are supposed to be amusing . And a klutzy boy who always wears a scarf for no apparent reason and who keeps tripping over things and keeps tripping and tripping . And a woman named Shiva -LRB- Jewish joke , get it ? -RRB- whose relatives keep dying . And then there 's a very youthful Jack Nicholson who enjoys dental pain . I 'm pretty sure Jack would like to destroy all copies of this film . That 's how bad he is in it.Somehow this became a cult film . The reasons are inexplicable . It is n't because there 's an interesting plot . Or that the acting and directing are superb . I doubt that anyone finds the attempts at comedy to be very funny . I suspect that even those who claim to like this film do not really like it , except for the fact that it is `` In . '' Well , it should be thrown `` Out . ''
 This film deserves better treatment . There is no reason the film should be colorized nor tainted by the insulting comedic commentary by Mike Nelson . `` L.S. of H. '' may not be `` The Godfather '' but it certainly is n't `` Manos the Hands of Fate '' either . Avoid Legend Films releases .
 Charles Band invites you into his Dull Graveyard ... This movie starts with a little girl playing with a bunch of dolls . She mistakenly bumps into a table and breaks a vase . Her father comes downstairs and decides to punish her by forcing her to bury her little buddies in a grave outside . She somehow trips and falls into the grave , killing herself . Dad buries the daughter with her beloved toys . Flash forward to thirty years later , a new family has moved into the house . The youngest son is a nerdy geek who likes to collect action figures . Imagine his joy at discovering a whole gaggle of antique dolls buried in his back yard ! These dolls come to life and start protecting their new owner by killing everyone that ever picked on him . There are no spoilers here , I 'm not giving away anything that is n't on the back of the DVD case.Charles Band returns to what he knows best , making evil puppet horror movies . But just because this is what he knows best , does n't mean he 's any good at it . This is really just a reboot of Puppet Master and Demonic Toys with a new set of evil dolls . The production is shoddy , shot on a cheap DV camera with horrible lighting and a soundtrack that someone did on a Casio keyboard from 1982 . Not to mention the fact that the puppets are the best actors in the movie.Ever since Charles Band came out of retirement or hiding , the Blockbuster shelves have been graced with horrible Full Moon movies that are a few pegs below what they used to be . Even in his prime , Charles Band was nobody 's genius , but time has definitely taken its toll . Titles like DECADENT EVIL , DOLL GRAVEYARD and THE GINGERDEAD MAN prove that you ca n't keep a hack director down . Band is back , folks .
 If you like Puppetmaster type of horror movies , watch Puppetmaster . This film is fairly cut and dry . Girl and puppets buried in back yard . Puppets are dug up by boy . Puppets protect boy against bullies . The acting ranged from poor to fair . Some cute girls , one shows us her bra . The plot was dull as was the dialouge . Borders on camp . One good scene when a guy after smoking pot , drinking beer , JD and champagne tries to have a meaningful conversation with a doll . The movie needed more of that type of scene . How many dolls do you think they made with a spike on its head ? The movie makes some more attempts at humor that failed with me . The delivery just was n't there . Did you ever hear a joke told by someone who ca n't tell a joke , then not laugh . Then someone who can tell a joke tells the same joke right afterwards , and it is sooo funny ... even when you just heard the joke moments earlier ? I felt like I was listening to that first guy tell the joke.F-bomb , no nudity , some sex talk .
 Doll Graveyard is part of the Full Moon double feature this evening . Being that these films barely run over an hour will allow you to pull out 2 flicks in one day if you dare to spend your time that way . Luckily for b we are dedicated and love it enough to do just that . As we 've said before Full Moon pictures are no walk in the park if you 're looking for anything legitimate . There is no chance any of these movies take more then a week to film , edit , and get out on the shelf . This one may have only take 3 days which would at least explain a lot of what was going on.We start of in 1911 with a young girl Sophia as she plays with some dolls . She winds up breaking one and her old man freaks out . He makes her go out back and bury the dolls despite her poorly acted pleas . Somehow the little girl winds up falling back into the 2ft ditch she dug and dies . And like any normal father he skips over the thought of getting her some medical attention and buries her with the toys . Hey it 's b , these things are going to happen.Flash forward to present day where we are graced with a total dutch named Guy who collects action figures . He 's outside doing some yard work where he uncovers the toys and brings them in the house . He is immediately mocked by her older sister reminding him what a tool is and always will be . While she busts his onions their father is getting ready for a date and leaves the kids home for sis to throw a party . A couple jocks come over a smack Guy around unleashing the fury of his newly found toys . From here on the film gets beyond confusing so you have no choice but to roll with it . Long story short Guy becomes possesed by the little girl , some dead bodies pile up , and nothing is explained . No logic , no reason , it had the blackest eyes ... the devils eyes.Now for Sid , who been subjected to years of Full Moon 's b-ness , this way was really bad . It was potentially the worst we 've ever seen them do which is really saying a lot . It 's kind of like they wanted to relive another puppet master idea but put in even less of a budget and only finished about 1/4 of the script before they started shooting . If you have the chance do n't even bother with this one . It did n't even have any laughs .
 After sitting through `` Blood Dolls '' before this film , I figured this one could n't possibly be as bad . It may not be as bad , but it does share it 's same brainless and pointless ideas with potholes and no reasoning for why the heck someone would go in that direction ways.A young girl in 1911 is playing with her dolls , the same dolls shown on the cover and the mini-stars of the film . She is playing in the house with them and knocks over a vase with her fathers ashes . Her father then gets angry and forces her to dig a grave for the dolls and bury them . When she is done she accidentally falls in the grave herself and is now dead . Her father does n't call for help , instead buries her and the movie cuts to 2005 to a home on the same land.A young geek , his sister , and father live there now . While cleaning the backyard , the geek finds one of the dolls and cleans it off and adds it to his collection of action figures . That night while the father is out on a date , his sister invites some friends over , and a few boys invite themselves too . They bully the geek and break one of his action figures which sparks the doll to blink -LRB- how scary -RRB- . The kid then starts to hear the dead girls voice in his head saying that the dolls are coming to help him . This is where the expected idea of what would make sense goes down-hill , as the innocent dead girl now wants to possess the geeks body and have her dolls kill everyone , which have somehow come to life for no reason other then maybe she is possessing them or something . It made no sense , and it makes even less sense later at the end of the movie -LRB- a gold watch is involved , it made no sense where it returned from , and the outcome was stupid -RRB- The very end of the movie was a decent ending , right after the stupid ending . I mean the final 10 seconds of the film was decent . However , I still would n't recommend you going out of your way to see this film ... even fans of Puppet Master wo n't accept this a same universe type of film/prequel whatever . It 's not worthy , and just a complete rip-off of the dolls . One is basically Tunneler , one is Jester , ones Pinhead and the other is Leech Girl , all with a few altered changes , but none the less , they look horrible , hardly do much in the movie but bite and stab eyeballs , and leave you with a feeling of `` Puppet Master Wanna-be '' . If Dark Moon want to make Doll movies like this , then keep doing Puppet Master sequels that have nothing to do with the last movie , and stop trying to reinvent it even cheaper , and more poorly thought out .
 If you 're a fan of Full Moon then you already know they love to indulge is murderous puppets . They started it off with Puppet Master released in 1989 and have made many follows ups to the series along with some other independent puppet flicks . Of course with there ultra low budget they are usually very entertaining as the special effects team pulls out all the stops . Doll Graveyard was the exact opposite . Despite my lover for low budget horror this one was really dull.The film starts with a flashback to 1905 with a young girl named Sophia . She is playing with a few handmade dolls when she accidentally knocks over a vase in the house causing it to shatter . Her father becomes enraged and forces her to bury the dolls in the backyard . Somehow she falls in the tiny hole and breaks her neck . Her Dad then does the responsible thing and decides to bury her . Why bother taking her to the doctor ? I guess this guy would n't be nominated parent of the year . Now flash forward to present day as the Fillbrook family moves into the same house and the young son Guy uncovers the dolls in the backyard . Since he has no friends he takes the dolls in as his friends and they come to life . After that happens the dolls stick up for him and take out a few bullies over the house for a very lame party his sister 's throwing.As much as I wanted to I just did n't enjoy Doll Graveyard . I really tried to get into it and find some laughs but could n't get past the boredom . A couple of the dolls were pretty interesting looking , especially the voodoo looking one with the bone through his nose . I 'm a fan of the puppet flick Charles Band is behind and hope they can get back on track to what they used to be . So I really ca n't recommend this one even for the avid b horror lover .
 The only positive thing was the hot blonde in the short skirt and the opening theme was kinda cool , that 's pretty much it . The movie is extremely low budget , horrible HORRIBLE diolague and even worse acting . A very lame story and terrible effects and kill scenes . There 's no reason to watch this unless you enjoy terrible movies .
 Devil 's Playground was a lame movie lacking in almost every way possible . Multiple inconsistancies , weak plot , ignorant characters , and just annoying . Do n't waste your time or money on this lousy movie .
 i find that horror films which lack any sense of humor generally also suffer from poor writing all around . Like Underworld , which i finally saw for the first time recently , Devil 's Playground just takes itself way too seriously . it tries to take on an air of , i suppose , ` reality ' -LRB- i get more than enough of that in , you know , real life -RRB- , but what you end up with is a bunch of angry , snappy , manipulative characters spewing out rather dull , unimaginative dialog . Without humor , and i mean relentlessly without it , i just do n't really care about any of these characters or their relationships or situations , or whether they 'll even survive . in this film i would have been fine with everybody snuffing it . A far better zombie film isDead Snow , which had more natural acting and interplay between the characters , along with hefty doses of humor and irony . In that same vein , another truly scary , very funny , and brilliantly crafted horror flick -LRB- which incidentally contains Danny Dyer -RRB- isSeverance , which i highly recommend . That said , Devil 's Playground is fine if you 're looking for high-speed , non-stop , very red scenes of mayhem and cannibal chaos without being concerned about dialog -LRB- one test of a good script is whether it 's enjoyable as merely audio -RRB- ... but otherwise this movie 's worth missing if your interests lie in quality writing and thoughtful storytelling , both of which are rarities in the over-saturated world of cinema .
 Did not really care for this one . I do n'teven remember is I finished watching thefilm to be honest . Seemed kind of `` cheezy '' . Thumbs down .
 Seen this **** before but it 's now done in a dry english manner.I wasted four bucks on this junk .
 This is just a mess usual testing some new drug goes wrong and its on for young and old . First off why are they biteing each other ? heck they ca n't be hungry as Zombies are dead arnt theyso why do they need food ? they have some obsession to just either bite people who straight away -LRB- well in some cases become Zombies -RRB- in others take some time . They leave bodies half chewed they for some reason are not hungry as they do not sit up and start the biting process they just lay where they have been partly chewed . Hell these Zombs are fantastic they know where our hopefulls are fleeing to no matter where they are heading , out in the country fine we will find our prey hiding in a shed gotcha hundreds of these Zombies running all over the place eating yes even though we know they do n't need food someone needs to tell them . Now don ` yt get me wrong I have hundreds of Zombie flicks some worse some a lot better -LRB- thats in my opinion -RRB- I payed $ 4 im Australia to rent this and what I got was a lot of poor acting some good efects I got the chance to see rejects from the olympic games fly through the air all I can add to what I have said is If I had payed $ 4 to buy this I would have felt robbed this is a top class clunker up there with the Dead as 2011 worst Zombie flicks do n't say you have not been warnedAl Watts
 My support for the UK film industry continued with my purchase of Devil 's Playground , a 2010 British zombie movie starring Danny Dyer , Craig Fairbrass and MyAnna Buring.Devil 's Playground is an action horror that shamelessly steals elements from 28 Days Later , Resident Evil and Doomsday . The greatest point for me -LRB- other than the vastly underused MyAnna Buring -RRB- would be the zombies / infected here . Like me , if you are used to your zombies bumbling along , a la Romero or even fast hyper-aggressive bitey zombies like in the remake of Dawn of the Dead , then Devil 's Playground may come as a bit of a surprise ; what we have here are parkour zombies!Unfortunately , these super agile zombies are not exploited to their full potential . Not enough is made of the chase scenes in this movie and subsequently lets itself down on this particular aspect.Brit horror staple Sean Pertwee -LRB- Dog Soldiers -RRB- puts in a nice little turn here and Colin Salmon -LRB- Resident Evil -RRB- does corporate ruthlessness very well and a small role for Jaime Murray too . The film is effectively propped up by Fairbrass and Buring , two British actors who -LRB- along with the likes of Tamer Hassan -RRB- could really flourish in the right roles . Dyer once again is slotted in to a genre flick unnecessarily . To my mind , Dyer fits perfectly into the mockney gangster and cheeky chappy roles that he made a name for himself with but has as yet , failed to impress in roles in the horror genre of any significance.There is very little more for me to say on Devil 's Playground since the film lacks any real substance and is ultimately let down through what feels like sheer laziness . The plot is unoriginal , the dialogue is sub-standard , the characters are woefully under-developed and cliched ; and the whole film rests on its low-budget set pieces and subsequently fails to hit the mark .
 Let 's just say that I wish that I could have gotten my money back . It was the worst movie I have ever seen . The acting was so bad that I have yet to finish it .
 In reference to Leonard Maltin 's comment , I do get off on hearing June Lockhart swear . The only reason I rented this movie from my local Blockbuster , is because I knew Noah Hathaway stared in it . I am the hugest Noah fan , but the darn troll gets more screen time than he does.This movie is really bad and not a bit scary , but its has a classic 80 's feel to it . The fact that they ca n't make movies this cheesy anymore prevents me from giving it one star . I miss those good old days .
 This movie is awful , but I believe it was made to be intentionally so . The scene featuring the baby trolls singing is worth a look , but there is little else this movie offers . Not a must see , but good for a chuckle .
 This is the worst movie ever . The acting and story is horrible . Elvira Mistress of the Dark is better . Do n't but this .
 The only reason I watched this movie was because it featured Shelley Hack in the cast . I have always thought she was cheated of getting the roles she deserved after her departure from `` Charlie 's Angels , '' but this is the BOTTOM OF THE BARREL . I would rather watch a test pattern than this waste of time and film . By saying this , I do not mean to insult filmmakers nor fans of the horror genre , but even for horror films -- this is not even `` so bad it 's fun . '' It just reaks ... . I wish Hollywood would recognize Shelley Hack 's merits and give her the roles she deserves . Anyway , where is Tiffany Welles when you need her ? Where is our `` TIFFANY 2000 '' movie ? Tiffany would have stopped that mean ole troll with one shot ! Although , seeing Sonny Bono sprout into a tree is just ... well , I do n't know what to say on that one ...
 Slow and pretty boring tale of a little kid who is possessed by a nasty troll and starts rampaging through his apartment building turning people into plants and making the atmosphere a little greener . A cross between GREMLINS and LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS which is just too boring to be scary and unintentionally funny at times . Sequel or no sequel , this one would just tie .
 there is one word that discribes this movie , sh ! # .
 there is one word that discribes this movie , sh ! # .
 this movie is n't about toadstools or goblins or any of that crap ! it 's about a horde named Loktaros who got ownz0r3d by the mighty shask of thepeoplesyard.i watched this movie and could n't get a hard-on for like 12 days . if that does n't tell you how stupid it is , just drown yourself in a bucket of water to avoid watching it .
 THIS MOVIE IS VERY SCARY ITS SVARY THEN MOST MOVIES ITS VERY BAD MOVIE DONT SEE IT YOU DONT WANE FILL YORE MIND WITHE THIS JUNK .
 I remember this movie as a kid being very scary . The only scary thing about this is that I one time thought it actually was scary . Horrible .
 i shall this movie on tv three yers ago on the scife network all i could rember is a little girl was possoed by a troll named torok that watend to turn pepole in apertment bulliding in to trolls and possening a little girl to get a ruond the aperment bullding withe out being nodiced i rember the troll torok was a evil nast troll i could rember a buch of trolls sing in in the bushes and i could rember a mad old women next door the apermen t bluding thismovie very scary to me but kind insreting i wish could so it on tv again i have int seen this horror flim for a long thime .
 This show is the worst garfield of the garfield cartoons i have ever seen . * It is n't funny like the old garfields from 80s/90s * I hate the 3d animation . It loses it 's comic charm that made it popular in the first place in the 80 's and early 90s . What happened ??? They ruined it ! * The voice acting and actors are bad * the animation looks cheap.I do n't understand how Jim Davis can sell out like this . . he 's destroying what he created.I 'm a big fan of the old garfields . . i have every episode of `` Garfield and Friends '' and all of the holiday/special shows/episodes from the 80 's and 90 's and i loved that art style , voices , humor and animation . . that 's a shameIt 's a damn shame that I am such a fan and yet i can not bare to endure watching this new `` Garfield Show '' as it makes me cringe . .
 This movie is not horrible but its boring and does n't really make sense . It tries to be a dark comedy but its not really funny . Its a stupid drama that will put you to sleep . Try Heathers , To Die For , something more fun .
 I would like to know what the author is trying to say ... besides the obvious revenge -LRB- for what ? -RRB- , the already exploited visual effects and the solarization of close ups of the environment . I find the movie boring , distracting and very naive ... also , better forget about the `` acting '' ...
 ASIDE FROM SOME NICE ZOMBIE F/X , `` RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD II '' IS A MESS . LET 'S START WITH THE CONS ... THE CHARACTERS ARE VERY ANNOYING , THE UNFORGIVABLE ONE LINERS ARE NON-STOP -LRB- EXAMPLE
 I was very disappointed in this sequel . Actually , rather than being a sequel , it 's a slight varied version of the original . It lacks the humor of RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD , and the actors do n't appear to be as enthusiastic as in the first one . Basically , a tremendous letdown .
 I think Return of the Living Dead was so much better than this one . I think it would be great if you brought it back !
 I 'm a big fan of zombie movies , and the first return of the living dead was a very good zombie movie . This one , however , fails to scare nor hold your attention , and tries harder in my opinion to be funny instead of scary . The black humor is pathetic , espechialy compared to the first one . Had its interesting moments , but the movie as a whole was definitly below average .
 If you loved the gore , `` black '' humor and overall tone of the first `` Return of the Living Dead '' then you had better prepare yourself for a disappointment . `` Return of the Living Dead part II '' is in some ways a `` re-imagining '' of the first film -LRB- think `` Dawn of the Dead '' remake . -RRB- They even cast James Karen and Thom Matthews -LRB- `` Frank '' and `` Freddy '' in the first film . -RRB- They essentially play the same characters , go through the same ordeal and end up the same way ... only without the sadness and horror of the process . The pathetic thing is that they even used dialogue from the first film word-for-word ! William Stout , production designer from the first film , was offered the same job on the sequel and he turned it down based on that fact alone . `` Return of the Living Dead part 2 '' does n't take itself seriously at all , in fact it 's something of a parody of a parody much in the same way that `` Gremlins 2 '' related to the first film . It 's all comedy -LRB- and occasionally bad comedy to boot . Please note the `` Thriller '' zombie at the end played by Brian Peck - who was also in the first film - he walks in front of the camera , dead center hitting his spot and does his thing . Incredibly amateurish . -RRB- This sequel is rather insipid and bland with cheap horror FX , jokes that fall flat and an attitude that says `` We do n't care if you loved the original , we just want the title to make money off of . -RRB- Still , there are * some * things to like , notably the performance of James Karen who is absolutely hilarious . He is an absolute joy to watch in every scene he 's in . Thom Matthews , on the other hand , looks like he 's in it only for the money . -LRB- Side note
 As others have said before me in their own ways , this movie is no Casablanca or anything but was fun to watch when I saw it as a kid - and enjoyable enough to add to my collection to sit next to my eagerly and long awaited DVD release of the original Return of the Living Dead -LRB- 1984 -RRB- . I was very excited to see this finally get released on DVD and could not wait to purchase it - I bought it at Best Buy the day it came out !!! That said - I have tried to watch this movie at least five times since it 's release in October of 2004 -LRB- now August of 2008 -RRB- and can not get any further than the first cemetary scene ... THE SOUNDTRACK IS AWFUL !!! It truly makes this movie unwatchable !! No joke - seriously - I mean REALLY UNWATCHABLE !! What the hell were they thinking ?! If they could n't secure the rights to the original soundtrack then they should n't have released it at all ... this new soundtrack is mediocre at BEST !! Please WB , recall each and every one of these DVD 's and have them shredded ... they should not be allowed to even be seen or heard . The new soundtrack is the scariest part of this DVD !! I ca n't believe someone could have actually TRIED to mix this awful music into the movie and feel , `` Oh , yes , this is great - I 'm sure fans of this film will love this new simplistic version of the soundtrack . '' I am aware I am going on a little bit too much about this 2 star movie at best but , well , I actually liked it back in the day -LRB- warts and all -RRB- and one of the best things about this movie back then was it 's original `` Score '' -LRB- although , it was synthesized orchestrations - they definitely sounded WAY BETTER than this S ** T !! -RRB- Put the original score back and re-release it for us true fans , please.Thanks ... umm , anyone want to buy a DVD of ROTLD II ... great condition ... Practically unwatched ...
 The main thing this film lacks , is the originality of the first one . The first `` Return of '' , was a brilliant combination of bad ironic b-movie science and logic , coupled with an EC Comics sense of humor , and a want to be a `` punk '' movie . This follow up , tries too hard to be comical , and not much else ! -LRB- as opposed to Part 3 , which just shovels on too much gore . -RRB- `` Oh no Zombies ! '' and then wackiness ensues . It 's not a total loss ... it has it 's good moments . James Karen , Thom Mathews , and Suzanne Snyder all return from the first film , as different characters equally doomed , whom all seem to have a sense of deja vu!It also features Dana Ashbrook , of Twin Peaks fame , in an early role . It starts off promising , but once it boils down to relying on a bratty kid and a senile comic relief doctor ... it 's all down hill.There 's a brilliant take on Michael Jackson , in zombie form , as he gets electrocuted . -LRB- Which was met with cheering in the theater . -RRB- . This film wants to be the first one , too hard , and just fails . Stick with the original , and do n't go opening any olive drab drums in your basement .
 THIS MOVIE WAS TERRIBLE BUT THE ONLY REASON I SAW IT WAS BECAUSE I SAW `` THE RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD '' ON TNT AND I DESIDED TO RENT IT AND I ACCIDENTALLY PICKED THE WRONG ONE AND WHEN I WAS DONE WATCHING IT I WAS SO P * SSED THAT THEY MADE A COMEDIC VERSION THAT I RETURNED IT TO BLOCKBUSTER THE SAME NIGHT I RENTED IT ...
 That this poorly conceived sequel was from the man who made the excellent aquatic zombie thriller Shock Waves -LRB- aka Death Corps -RRB- makes it all the more painful to watch . There are a few humorous moments that play off the first -LRB- and so superior -RRB- movie , my favorite being a dialogue exchange from the first movie recreated word for word -LRB- with the same actors -RRB- , just the setting and emotional delivery is different . Nice touch there , too bad the rest of the movie is not as sly and inventive . It 's just another painfully unfunny/unscary ` horror/comedy ' .
 Silly plot , Disgusting , Makes no Sense and not scary just done for being done I guess . Not even good by Cult Classic standards .
 I had not seen this film in years ! I remembered it being okay , however after 19 years have passed , it has aged tremendously . The score is bad , bad acting , stupid zombies that look like extras from Thriller , and funny scenes that are not even funny . Stick with the first one .
 All right , ` Return of the Living Dead 2 ' is , without question , the worst zombie movie I 've ever seen . Admittedly , I have n't really gotten around to seeing the stuff that is generally considered to be truly bottome of the barrel , when it comes to independent and trash horror . Hell , I have n't seen a single Jesse Franco movie , as of yet . So , this doubtless is n't the worst zombie movie ever , in an absolute sense , but it 's still really damn terrible . ` RothLd ' was n't great or anything , but it definitely had its moments , and was pretty good , overall . This has nothing to recommend
 We never recieved this movie . We paid for the product and never received it . We are very unhappy , we have done alot of ordering from amazon . We wo n't be ordering anymore . We have two different items that we have ordered and never recieved .
 Film Review : Following up on the plot of the original ROTLD , yet another barrel of nerve gas is dumped upon a cemetary , unleashing the living dead to feast on human brains ! The objectionable content is toned down significantly for this entry , making it more of a fun comic book movie than the much more vulgar and terrifying film which came before it.When I first saw ROTLD2 I could n't decide right away if it was supposed to be a literal sequel , or a reboot of some sort . First of all , the ending of the original film seemed to suggest the total extinction of the world , seeing as the nuclear blast caused the gas and acid rain to spread across the country . Second of all , two of the leads from the original make appearances in Part 2 as similar characters , reciting similar lines , and even commenting that `` It 's like we 've been here before ... '' The biggest clue to this being an actual sequel is one scene where a character spots a bottle of nerve gas and comments `` not again ... '' , although I suppose that line could also be referring to the original VA Hospital outbreak where the gas was created . Leaving the question ambiguous is probably the best bet , I guess.Not nearly as good as the original , ROTLD2 still sports some awesome 80 's rock tracks , lots of laughs , and of course , brain-eating zombies ! It could be considered an alternative film for those who ca n't quite stomach the horrific gore , language , and nudity first one.DVD Review : I 'm glad I only paid $ 4.99 for this at FYE , because it is probably the lousiest DVD transfer I 've seen thusfar . For some reason the entire soundtrack has been repalced with some generic jingle , instead of the cool music that made this a Nostalgiac purchase to begin with . I still own a true copy of this movie on VHS , but not a VCR ! I find it difficult to believe that they could n't find a single decent copy of the original soundtrack to master on DVD , because the original VHS copy with full soundtrack was still in print only ten years ago . Plus , they were able to get the French language track right . Honestly , I had to watch the movie in french with English subtitles because the new music was so distracting.I 'd hate to give this two stars , because it is a classic horror film from the era where zombie movies were n't drastically overdone , but even the tagline on the front cover which used to be `` Got An Appetite For Horror ? This is Your Dish . '' -LRB- a cool and clever line , in my opinion -RRB- is now replaced with `` Just When You Thought It Was Safe To Be Dead '' , which is not only lame , but does n't make any sense at all.Hopefully somebody will decide to re-release this , because it 's a shame to dump such a classic movie into the garbage like that . Maybe us fans can hold out some type of hope for the Blu-Ray release ...
 I remember seeing this movie at the theater when it was first released . But I kept getting it confused with the first one , and after watching this film the other night , I see why . This is basically a remake of `` Return of the Living Dead '' , just in a different setting , and with a hair metal soundtrack as opposed to the punk tunes featured in the first film.The basic story is that the army loses a cannister of toxic gas which happens to bring the dead back to life . Thanks to some young kids who open the cannister , the dead soon begin climbing from their graves , echoing their previous cry of `` BRaaaiinnnnssss '' ! To be honest , this entry just does n't hold up well . Sure , the special effects still look good , but the comedy just falls flat . James Karen simply running around whining for 80 minutes of the film gets old fairly quick , especially when you are watching this film right after watching the first one ! That 's almost 3 hours of Karen running around doing his screaming/whining/crying schtick !! The only real reason to check out this flick are the special effects . It 's nice to revisit the 80 's horror flicks that featured genuine special effects and not just CGI generated junk . There are a few moments where you will truly ask youself `` how did they do that ?? '' . Unfortunately , if the special effects wo n't hold your attention , then pass this one by , as both the story and action have been done before and in better fashion .
 On rare occasions sequels can be either fun , just as good as the original , or on even rarer instances , better than their predecessor . Unfortunately , this movie is neither of the three . I will admit I was n't going into Return of the Living Dead 2 expecting the great fun I had with the first one , but was hoping for a decent zombie flick . Too bad I did n't get what I hoped for . Well , for starters , let 's tackle the story . It seems to take place not too long after the first one but that 's about it . What sets this apart mostly story wise from the first , is that there are no punks in the movie , but instead , it plays out almost like a typical kids flick from the eighties , such as `` The Goonies '' , `` E.T. '' , or `` The Monster Squad '' ; which is weird because the movie is rated R . The acting is n't too bad , but the dialogue sucks . I understand most of it was supposed to be campy , which is fine by me , but instead it is too much and comes out poorly . Also , the characters are somewhat flat and are n't really likeable , unlike the first movie . In fact , the main kid in this movie annoyed the heck out of me . And some of the actors just seemed somewhat bored . Next there is the comedy , or lack thereof . While the first one was pretty funny , the jokes and gags in this one are bad and fall short of being remotely . After this we have the zombies , which are actually one of the few highlights of the film . For the most part they look great , except for the ridiculous hair pieces that most of them where . Also , there is n't a lot of gore in this compared to the first , which might disappoint some . One of my biggest complaints though is the soundtrack . I loved the first movie 's soundtrack , which was cool and sometimes even catchy , because it actually added to the movie , but this one 's just sucks . A lot of synthesizers are used and the occasional rock song played never matches to the punk tunes of the first . At least the poster art is good , though somewhat deceiving . If you 've seen the first and want to see this , then just rent it .
 Okay , I would be surprised if it had some additional scenes or extra bloody gore scenes or whatever , but not changing the scores and music , what the hell was that additional dialouge has been dubbed , in the scene when Freddy starting to eat Brenda 's brain , it was off track !!! When I first got the dvd , I was thrilled , but I start watch it , my ears , my eyes , and my mind just zapped , like something wrong with movie , something different , I was mad , even the director on the commentary was n't satisfied of the track , I know all of us fans felt the same way . I love the first movie and the second movie . Movie still good , I 'm okay with it , but I they can redo this , like first film did , the special edition with the original track , GOD I hope !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Well , to start out , I would like to safely say that Return of the Living Dead Part II is definatly NOT the greatest zombie movie I 've seen ... The zombies that the creators have chosen are terrible compared to it 's predissesor zombies in ROTLD part I. ... I want to become just the least bit scared . Not with ROTLD 2 . This movie is definatly one to see with the kids if you 've got 'em !! ...
 That this poorly conceived sequel was from the man who made the excellent aquatic zombie thriller Shock Waves -LRB- aka Death Corps -RRB- makes it all the more painful to watch . There are a few humorous moments that play off the first -LRB- and so superior -RRB- movie , my favorite being a dialogue exchange from the first movie recreated word for word -LRB- with the same actors -RRB- , just the setting and emotional delivery is different . Nice touch there , too bad the rest of the movie is not as sly and inventive . It 's just another painfully unfunny/unscary ` horror/comedy ' .
 That this poorly conceived sequel was from the man who made the excellent aquatic zombie thriller Shock Waves -LRB- aka Death Corps -RRB- makes it all the more painful to watch . There are a few humorous moments that play off the first -LRB- and so superior -RRB- movie , my favorite being a dialogue exchange from the first movie recreated word for word -LRB- with the same actors -RRB- , just the setting and emotional delivery is different . Nice touch there , too bad the rest of the movie is not as sly and inventive . It 's just another painfully unfunny/unscary ` horror/comedy ' .
 This is not a zombie movie . When did zombies give up on eating human flesh and go straight for their brains ??? When did they start talking ? If you want a real zombie movie , look for the Romero Series
 This was a good movie if you like original living dead movie this is it but if you want a terrifying movie rent The Night Of The Living Dead 1990 . I 'm not trying to insult this movie , it had its moments and it was kind of funny but not scarry
 Thus grinding the first of many heals into the glory that was Return Of The Living Dead.The first one was VERY awsome , even if it was n't Romero till the end , it was fast paced , smart , and panicky among MANY other things!This sequal on the other hand was tossed out there to ride upon the success of the first , but seems not to even try . I liked the fact that some of the original cast came back as different characters , it was almost as if they were re-incarnated and forced to live out this horrible episode , lifetime and lifetime again . This was sort of an interestings surprise , and there part in it was some what silly , but did n't manage to make me laugh as the comdey releif in part 1 did.Another thing I really liked is that part of it takes place in Suburbia , which could have been the ALL TIME PERFECT setting for a sequal if any , but of course they instead had to jam the rest the movie with horrid acting , a crappy un-imaginative and dull scrpit , and layer upon layer of exteremely non-funny jokes , though I did like the tribute to Micheal Jackson 's Thriller video.As for the zombies ... not to bad at all , but not near as cool as ANY of the ones from part 1 .
 after the scary and funny `` return of the living dead '' i could n't wait to see this one , know what ? turns out i could have waited to see it because this is the PITS !!!!!!!! how could they have blown this movie so bad !! not funny , not scary , and not worth the price !!!!!!!!! stay away !!!!!!!!
 A total disapointment for a sequel . I found this movie in the horror section , but it should be found in the comedy section . Return of the living dead , while it does have it 's comical moments , was full of suspence and gore . This dissapointing sequel lacked replaced the gore with more comedy and poor dialog . The worst scene was at the end where a zombie dressed like Michael Jackson comes out doing a breakdance electrocution .
 As I eagerly inserted this tape into my VCR , I was reminiscing of how fond I was of the original ROTLD film . While the first ROTLD was profuse in humor , 80 's cheese , and gore , this disheartening sequel is quite bereft in all three of the aforementioned areas.The storyline is as follows
 Return of the Living Dead is an awsome zombie film that I wish would really get re-released on video and DVD . Return of the Living Dead Part II is another one of those sequels that does n't measure up . ROTLD2 does relie more on comedy than horror , but it ai n't no Evil Dead II . ROTLD2 still has it 's funny moments , but overall the film is corny and laughable -LRB- Especially the Michael Jackson zombie scene , corny -RRB- . If you like zombie films , checks ROTLD2 out , otherwise steer clear .
 I read the reviews below and still bought this thinking `` so what , how bad can the new track be ? '' BAD . The entire music track has been replaced with tooting techno-pop circus music . Not just songs , but every little piece of musical sound used to create tension is replaced . So , for example where you used to have a scary scene that had a wall of violins playing and sharp scary sounds to help the scene , you now have tooting circus music that sounds like it was produced on a $ 50 Sears keyboard . To the people below that said `` so what '' , switch it over to the french version when you hear the tooting , and hear what its supposed to sound like . Why Warner would do this is baffling -LRB- obviously they have the rights to the sounds , since they are still there in the French track . Also , I have never heard of the rights to a movie being seperate from the background music -RRB- .
 This movie was really dumb.The only thing I loved about it was the cast and settings.All through the movie zombies yell out BRAINS , BRAINS , BRAINS , and more BRAINS!I think Return of the Living Dead 3 is better than this !
 What ever you do do n't think about buying this looser . No plot , negative acting it is the worse . If I were you I would look for the Return of the Living dead . A really great product . It looks like they do n't print it any more . With enough requests they may get it back on the market .
 This movie is supposed to be a sequel to Return of the Living Dead -LRB- one of the best zombie movies ever made , IMHO -RRB- , yet it bears no real relation other than some poorly executed rip-offs from it.This review contains some spoilers , but trust me -- you 'll be doing yourself a favor if you read this instead and skip the movie . . I might have been able to tolerate ROTLD 2 if they had n't blown it and made their biggest mistake by having James Karen and Thom Mathews return for this movie . In the first one , they played co-workers who started the whole chain of events . As you will recall , neither survived the movie , either dead or undead . In this one , they play co-workers who are grave robbers , though they did such a bad job establishing what the hell they were doing in a mortuary and why that I did n't figure it out till one of them stole a diamond ring from a corpse . If this is supposed to be the same fictional world as the first one , that breaks all believability immediately . At the very least , they could have stuck in some line about their twin brothers disappearing 3 years ago . But no . It goes from confusing to insulting -LRB- do they think the people who saw the first movie are n't going to remember ? -RRB- to embarrassing , to ... to ... arrrgh ! I ca n't find the words -LRB- printable ones , anyway -RRB- . This movie lost me about 75 % when they repeated their exchange from the first movie
 Terrible . I can remembr being sucked in because i loved the original so much , and just being confused by awful acting , fx , and `` comedic '' zombies doing pratfalls . Also , there is a doctor that is obviously retarded . Stick with the original.And speaking of the original , will there ever be a release that uses the original soundtrack ? It was changed during rerelease ! Luckily , I taped the film from Cinemax ten years ago !
 this movie had a great plot line . great action . great cast . great dialouge . great special effects . it was really funny . other than these minor points THE MOVIE -LSB- was bad -RSB- .
 The real horror in this movie is the fact that people watch it . I 'm a zombie enthusiast , and I love the 1st and 3rd of the `` Return '' series , but MAN , this movie blows . They kill the zombies with electricity in perhaps the lamest zombie attack scene since `` Oasis of the Dead . '' That 's not good.Watch parts 1 and 3 , but skip this one . You 'll be doing yourelf a favor .
 I went to see this movie in 1988 with a lot of expectations but i found out that this is not even a sequel , the zombies are different and nothing make sense , is just a silly comedy.In reality the original ROTLD dont have any sequels , they only use the name to make this jokes with different directors.ROTLD is unique and is too bad there was never a real sequel from director Obannon .
 RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD 2 is a horrible film ! The plot is uninspired . The acting is horrid . Worst of all , the zombies and their makeup are laughable by most standards . Even by B-Movie standards , the film and all involved are horrible ! Save your money and do n't buy this atrocious picture.The film takes place in small-town America where a cannister was dropped off a truck . In it , it contains a dead body and a chemical that raises the dead . The cannister is opened , unleashing the gas and the dead from their graves . The zombies act like some living people and the makeup is very poor . Not very scary at all.I rarely find a film as horrible as this one . However , if you enjoy horribly acted B-movies with Don Johnsonlike zombies , you 'll enjoy this . If you want a decent film , look elsewhere . Please , for the love of the B-movie , save your money and do n't buy the horrible RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD II .
 this movie is a total insult to the first movie `` the return of the living dead '' i know it 's supposed to be a parody movie and all but only a kid would find this movie funnyi first saw movie when it came on tv -LRB- network tv -RRB- when i was 11 and i did n't even find it funny at all i found it lame that the `` hero '' was a 8 y-r-o kid i mean come on now he could n't even hold a gun righti might have saw this when i was 11 but i never really saw the first one `` the return of the living dead '' until sometime later i 'll be the first to admit that one was MUCH MORE SCARIER than the unfunny parody moviethe zombies in this movie look more like stoners then zombiesand there was like no explaination as to how the first two people from the first movie were able to survie the nurclear bomb in this moviethey just all of suddenly stopped being zombies and returned to being normal living people?why did the `` hero '' have to be a kid for ? were they trying to please the soccer moms out there by having a kid in a `` horror '' movie saving the day?this movie is so awful that i 'm still embrassed that i ever watched itskip it you 'll thank me later !
 This is not a George A. Romero project.Directed and written by Ken Wiederman . Film contains profane language , gross bloody effects.Thom Matthews returns as a different character , `` Joey '' , James Karen returns as a different character , `` Ed '' , Jonathan Terry returns as `` Glover '' , Allan Trautman returns as `` Tarman '' . Brian Peck returns as 5 different zombies , `` Pussface '' , `` Thriller '' , `` Jaw '' , `` Eye-Pop '' and the zombie on the car roof.A truck that is traveling across a bridge is carrying pressurized cases that contain cadavers . One case falls off the truck and ends up in the water . A group of kids find the case and triggers the gas inside that spreads across the cemetary . The living dead return.Also in the cast
 ` Return of the Living Dead Part II ' tried to re-capture the lightning-in-a-bottle so brilliantly achieved by the original . It fails on all levels . This time around the comedy is more abundant , but nothing is funny here . The effects are bad , the acting is atrocious ... and THE MUSICAL SCORE HAS GIVEN ME EAR CANCER . I found out shortly after viewing this turd that the music on the DVD is not the original score . Believe me , ` ROTLD2 ' might be a hair better if the original music was in place , but it 's still a failed attempt at zombie comedy . I felt bad for James Karen and Thom Matthews as they stumbled around trying to be like their characters from the first movie . It 's really quite embarrassing to behold . Do yourself a favor and buy the excellent ` Return of the Living Dead ' and pretend its four sequels never happened .
 As it usually goes , a military gas canister is opened -LRB- this time by a child -RRB- and the fumes cause the dead to rise and cause havoc among the living . This is more of a parody than a sequel but unfortunately , it is not that funny nor is is remotely scary . There are a few moments that will make you grin -LRB- zombie 's stopping their attack momentarily as something good pops up on the t.v. -RRB- but nothing more . The effects are okay but nothing special and the rehashed plot feels like it was hastily thrown together without any effort or concern for originality . If you want something different in a zombie flick , try the 3rd installment of return of the living dead . It is a dark , depressing tale of impossible love that takes the zombie idea in a completely different direction ... that of a teenager and his girlfriend , a lovely woman who has become a zombie .
 The people who put out this DVD have totally messed up the soundtrack . It all has to do with noise . First off , there 's different music in the movie . Next , there are all these new and odd sound effects that are out of place . Why bother releasing the DVD at all , if they 're not going to do it correctly ???
 I made the mistake of not listening to other reviewers comments about the change in soundtrack and bought this DVD anyway because I really wanted to own this movie . The new soundtrack that they have added makes the film completely unwatchable . I will now be selling my DVD and looking for an original version with the original background soundtrack on VHS or laserdisc . The studio then had the audacity to give the viewers a real kick in the groin by adding the original soundtrack on to the film IF you watch it in the French Language track . THAT IS UNFAIR and the studio should fire everyone assosciated with the release of this DVD . If you needed more time to acquire whatever rights there are to acquire for a 20 year old horror movie 's background soundtrack , then you should have done it before releasing this to DVD . The movie , as it is on this DVD , is unwatchable and the music is GARBAGE . If you are a fan of this movie , DO NOT BUY THIS DVD UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES . If you do , I guarantee disappointment .
 I should have listened to Harry from Ai n't It Cool News . He warned fans that the music was differant on the DVD . But I thought he meant the songs . Losing the rights to songs , and putting different songs in their place for home video is nothing new . But it is the entire score that is different . And the new score is mind numbingly horrible . It completely ruins the movie . There is also a voice over narration at the beggining of the film that I do n't remember being there in the theatrical or VHS version . And even more strange , is that when you switch over to the French language track , it is still the original score . This makes no sense at all . Warner Bros. really messed up with this one . I hope they re release it with the proper score . In the meantime , since I know Circuit City wo n't refund mt money , I 'm going to see if Warner Bros. will .
 Having purchased both The Return of the Living Dead -LRB- 1985 -RRB- and Return of the Living Dead III -LRB- 1993 -RRB- at the time of their respective release to DVD , I could n't understand why Return of the Living Dead Part II -LRB- 1988 -RRB- had yet to be released . I waited , and waited , and waited ... and finally I got news from some source or other it was finally coming out ... I put my pre-order in , and it finally showed up on my doorstep ... too bad it was n't the film I was expecting ... oh , the movie is the same one I saw so many years ago , but something was amiss ... faulty , improper , flawed , afoul , awry , in error , mistaken , off course , improper , imperfect , defective , deficient , and just generally wrong ... I was unable to put my finger on it , since I had n't seen the film in such a long time , but in reading recent reviews posted by others on here , it became clear I was n't alone in what I was feeling -LRB- I 'll get to it later -RRB- ... The film , written and directed by Ken Wiederhorn -LRB- Shock Waves -RRB- , stars a number of actors , including Dana Ashbrook -LRB- She 's Out of Control -RRB- , Suzanne Snyder -LRB- Weird Science -RRB- , Marsha Dietlein -LRB- Boiler Room -RRB- , Michael Kenworthy -LRB- The Blob , the 1988 remake , not the original with Steve McQueen -RRB- , and Phil Bruns -LRB- Corvette Summer -RRB- . Also appearing are Thom Mathews -LRB- Alien from L.A. -RRB- and veteran actor James Karen -LRB- The China Syndrome , Poltergeist , Mulholland Dr. -RRB- , both of whom starred in the first film , but are n't actually reprising their original roles but playing roles very similar ... make sense?So what is the movie about ? Well , if you guess zombies , you 'd be correct -LRB- what gave it away ? Was it the use of the term ` living dead ' in the title ? -RRB- . Okay , the army is transporting these containers , containers filled with some sort of chemical that causes dead tissue to come back to life -LRB- such as it is -RRB- . One of the containers falls of a truck , and some punky kids find it , open it , and let out the noxious gases , which permeate the air near a local cemetery . Sounds bad , but it gets worse ... the rain comes , soaking the chemical into the ground , thus re-animating an army of the dormant dead into zombies ... and we all know what zombies like to do ... eat the flesh of the living -LRB- more specifically , within the context of this series , they seem to love to eat the brains of the living -RRB- . This does not bode well for the nearby town . The town is evacuated and sealed off -LRB- the army , or , at least the grunts who are on guard , are informed that the town has been closed due to a plague ... yeah , a plague of the dead ... and they apparently have orders not to let anyone in or out -RRB- , except for a small group of people , who must now run for their lives , lest they lose their minds ... literally , as the zombies want their ` succulent and spicy ' gray matter . Will they escape ? Or will they suffer the ignominious end of having their brains eaten by those who were once living , now decaying worm fodder?Mixing horror and comedy is always a tricky proposition , or , as director Wiederhorn puts it , it 's the equivalent of cinematic suicide , as horror fans do n't generally appreciate having their genre being made fun of , and let 's face it , people who enjoy comedies are n't likely to choose a film with a title like Return of the Living Dead Part II when looking for something to watch . Despite all that , I did enjoy the film , even if the humor was a little weak and the movie was short on the gore -LRB- given the fact the main character of the film was a small boy , it was pretty much clear from the get go that the gruesome death scenes , even deaths in general , would be far and few between -RRB- . I thought all the actors did reasonably well , but I thought it kinda odd that Mathews and Karen should play practically the same types of roles as in the first . My favorite character in the film was that of Doc Mandel , played by Bruns . His character seemed similar to that of John Ratzenberg 's character in House II -LRB- 1987 -RRB- in that they 're both quirky , secondary characters that do n't actually seem affected by what 's happening within the story . I thought the special effects , particularly the zombie make-up , was really excellent and realistic , in terms of what I think zombies would look like -LRB- I 've never actually seen one in real life , in case you were wondering -RRB- . The overall story is a bit weak , and this is definitely the least of the three films , the first being the best , followed by the third . The main problem , specifically with this DVD release , is something I alluded to at the beginning , and something other reviewers have already mentioned , in that some of the original musical score has been changed , and not for the better . Why ? I have no idea ... maybe Warner Brothers was unable to secure the rights to the music or unable to pay the extra costs to do so , but there is good news if you understand French as if you do , you can watch the film with the original musical score as it 's intact on that track . Very odd ... I guess all I can say is that if you happen to own a previous version , say on VHS or laserdisc , you might want to hang on to it , as it seems like this is what we 're stuck with ... The wide screen picture provided on this DVD looks great , and the audio is really pretty good -LRB- except for the ` new ' music , whose audio levels do n't even match up with the remaining original audio track -RRB- . Special features are few , including an original theatrical trailer and a commentary track by the director and one of the lesser actors in the film . The commentary seemed odd , but then I realized that they were recorded separately , and then somewhat sloppily combined into one track . All in all a 2 star release for a 3 star movie.Cookieman108
 Note
 Not so much a sequel as a `` re-imagining '' -LRB- think Tim Burton 's `` Planet of the Apes '' . -RRB- It pretty much gives up on the horror aspect of the original ROTLD and focuses on comedy , sometimes it suceeds in getting a laugh -LRB- James Karen 's performance is great -RRB- but it fails often -LRB- the `` Thriller '' zombie near the end for example . -RRB- However I 'd still like to own this on DVD but sadly Warner Brothers has n't seen fit to release it yet . If you want it on DVD I strongly suggest you write them a letter and ask for one!Here 's their address ; Warner Home Video4000 Warner BlvdBurbank , CA 91522
 You may have seen the first Return of the Living Dead and you probably enjoyed it.Most horror fans enjoy the first one , I know I did.I did not see this movie until recently.It came on the Sci Fi Channel and I was happy because I loved part one and thought I would be seeing something as cool.I was very wrong!This is a zombie movie for twelve year olds.The first one was great it had humour but a dark and morbid humour yet it was also really scary in some parts.In short it managed to make twisted people laugh but was still true horror.Now part two was basically the stupidest slapstick comedy you have ever seen.In part one the zombies were scary because they were intelligent and hard to destroy and could run.The scene in part one when they rose from the grave was very scary because of the atmosphere and the fog and because it seemed like to be a large graveyard and the characters were surrounded by zombies with almost no chance of escape.Now in part two when the zombies rise it is a joke.You see an elderly woman zombie looking for her glasses , you see one zombie stepping on anothers hand.Things only kids would find amusing.The ideal of the dead rising is scary and it should not be made into a joke.I do not watch horror to laugh.If I wanted to see the type of things you see in Return of the Living Dead part two I would watch Abott and Costello or something , I mean this movie has more in common with Abott and Costello than it does with the first Return of the Living Dead or any horror movie for that matter.Return of the Living Dead part two belongs in the comedy section of the video store not the horror section.The sad thing is it fails to even do comedy right.It is just pure stupidity no matter what category it is called.Kids that liked that GooseBumps show that was on Saturday mornings at one time or the GooseBumps books may enjoy this.However if you really want horror avoid this worthless and truly idiotic movie .
 I have no doubt that this is a good collection in terms of material . I have now ordered the 6 film set with individual covers per movie -LRB- and art -RRB- . This arrived today with the trays internally in pieces and unusable -LRB- caused by shaking not pressure -RRB- . I would not recommend this collection due to the disk tray fragility . Another customer had the same experience .
 This particular Warner Brothers package is missing the film with the most bigoted Al Jolson/Busby Berkeley number , EVER put to film
 I first have to say that I 'm a Christian and have a B.A. in Religion . I mention this so that you do n't think this critique is coming from a non-believer with the intent to just ridicule Christianity.I had to stop watching this with about 25 minutes left because the arguments that were made up to that point were so ridiculous I could n't continue . Let me re-cap some of the silly assertions :1 . The first argument is based on dating of the Jesus Papyrus to other documents comparing handwriting styles . The argument says that handwriting styles changed over the years , so if the Papyrus handwriting could be matched to a certain time period , then it could be accurately dated . That 's all fine and good , but not when they show `` striking similarities '' to handwriting styles of documents ranging over hundreds of years . The film does this . It shows how it `` matches '' handwriting styles in three different time periods over a few hundred years . This contradicts one 's own theory in trying to use handwriting for dating . If one says handwriting changes over the years , then how could it possibly bear resemblance to multiple documents over many hundreds of years ? Perhaps the handwriting style DID N'T change very much in those hundreds of years . Well , if that 's the case , then how can you choose which document to compare it to for dating ? If the handwriting from 150 C.E. matches just as nicely as from 70 C.E. , then which one do you choose ? This film chooses the one that makes their argument fit their preconceived bias .2 . The claim that the Papyrus ca n't be carbon dated for three reasons -LRB- along with my rebuttal -RRB- : a. it 's too small.Rebuttal
 While the film 's production values are of the highest quality , it 's just unable to save this production . The premise is that three Papayrus fragments containing the acknowledged passages of the Book of Mark . The documentary proposes that these writing were made not only in the First Century , but early enough to have been written by people who actually witnessed Jesus ' ministry . While most schoolars date the writings to the mid to late second century based on many reviews of the material . The documentary states this , if you listen closely , only once during the program . Unfortunately , a critical assessment of the arguements and evidence was for some reason left out of the film . At one point the `` investigators '' present a pottery shard found at Masada as proof positive of their dating claim , because certain letters were written in the same `` style '' as the papyrus by highlighting two letters that appear similar . Unfortunately , the two letters I would describe as `` k '' and `` e '' were completely different . That example serves as warning , if you have a critical mind , Christian or other , you will be disappointed throughout the film . It does serve as training fodder for thinking people .
 This is stealing . first the movie or should I say movies are not complete . they are more teasers than full featured story . they leave you wanting more while you bought it because you thought ou will see one complete story . I loved the idea that africa is making its own animation stories based on our own legends and history but that was not what this package had . stay away from it and I find the five star given above as more lies . thank you
 Poor animation , almost unintelligible audio . While the story lines are OK , they are incomplete . This is merely a teaser with shorts that are incomplete . It should be free since it 's more of an ad than an event .
 Seems as if I was tricked here , serves me right for not doing research.Not only is the animation uncanny , but the voice acting is just terrible . They are using the cheapest microphone imaginable ! Heck , I even own a better one , and that one was only little over $ 100 . Do not under any circumstances pay to watch this movie . You will instantly regret it .
 I bought this movie for my wife . Dean Jones does a reasonable job of acting . The other actors are miscast and the acting and dialog are absolutely terrible . Borrow it is you must , but do not buy it .
 Possibly the worst kid 's movie I 've ever seen . My wife opined that this `` was the worst movie in the history of the universe . `` Well , maybe not , but strictly for girls under age 6 .
 As a Mandie book lover growing up , I was looking forward to this movie and was sorely disapointed . Although it is a clean , family movie and was made with good intentions and tries to be true to the books , this is another situation where the movie pales in comparison to the original book it was based on . Do n't waste your time and money ! If you read further , be forewarned ** SPOILER ALERT ** ... I do n't write a lot of reviews of products , but I had to write about this movie to warn others so they will not be as dissapointed as I was . As aforementioned , I loved Mandie books growing up . I started reading them at the age of 8 or 9 and I throughly enjoyed them . Whenever I got a new Mandie book I would devour them within hours or a couple days at most ! They were page-turners which fostered my love for reading and allowed me to escape into their story-lines , which was invaluable for me as I lived in an abusive household -LRB- Mandie experienced great adventures and lived a life of luxury and mystery that I could only dream about -RRB- . These books hold a special place in my heart , and I still have the complete series of over 30 books today -LRB- which someday I hope to pass on to my niece when she gets older -RRB- . So , although I am in my late 20s now , I was looking forward to seeing this movie -LRB- especially as I had heard about the author 's passing a few months ago -RRB- . After watching it last night -LRB- via Netflix , thank goodness , as I would n't have wanted to waste $ 1 on this dvd much less $ 17 -RRB- , I am sorry to say it is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long while -LRB- I almost turned it off mid-way through -RRB- . I could n't believe how poorly executed this movie was -- it was very corny and it felt like I was watching a movie on Masterpiece Theatre or a bad junior high play . The cast was very amateurish -- the only familiar face was Dean Jones , who played Mr. Bond but he is up in years and is not as good as he once was . The worst was Lexi Johnson , who despite looking the part and being very pretty , was very unconvincing as Mandie . She did n't even seem to produce any tears in the wake of her father 's death or any anger/surprise when she learned she had a uncle she never knew about or that the woman she thought was her mother was not . In addition , the impersonators that came to live in the house were buffoons and did n't seem even slightly believable , and the actor who played Joe did not act at all like he acted in the books and looked strange for the part -- like a young Spencer Pratt from the Hills . In addition , as stated by a previous reviewer there were a lot of holes in the plot . Although it is not that complex of a storyline you really need to have read the book to follow it completely.I assume that the author 's family probably wanted to get a movie out soon as possible after her death as to not lose the large following the books enjoyed . But they should not have done this movie until they could have afforded to put a real cast of trained actors together and get a production company with more experience -LRB- the cinematography with the slow motion effects and flashbacks seemed like what you would see in a beginning movie production class -RRB- . The only good things I can say about the movie were : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Stayed pretty true to the storyline of the books . Very family friendly . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Had actor , Dean Jones , who appeared in other Disney/Family movies like the Herbie series , play Mr. Bond -LRB- although he is getting up in years and his performance , although better than the rest of the cast , still seemed unnatural -RRB- . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Lexi Johnson , who played Mandie , looked the part and looked like the depiction of Mandie on the front covers . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The scenery depicting North Carolina and Virgina was beautiful and the mansion had great architecture and was as I imagined in the books -LRB- large Southern Plantation style -RRB- . Those are the only concessions I will make . I give it two stars -LRB- one for effort and one for being a clean family movie -- which is hard to find these days -RRB- , but my advice to the viewer is to skip this movie and stick with the books . And my advice to the family of Lois Gladys Leppard , you need to re-do this whole movie to do these books justice -LRB- they are beloved books that for decades have entertained young girls , now grown into women like myself , and promote reading and teach confidence , perserverance , inquisitivity , good morals , family , and trust in God -RRB- I think if they could re-do the movie with Michael Landon Jr. , the producer of Love Comes Softly -- a great family movie -RRB- and a more experienced cast it would be executed 100 % better . I hope in the future they will make a second attempt and make a Mandie movie worth watching -LRB- and perhaps complete the story-line since Lois Gladys Leppard unfortunately was unable to finish it personally and they can tell her readers what happens to Mandie as an adult post-college and finally answer the question -- Will Mandie marry Joe Woodard or Thomas Patton ? Although I like Joe , I think he and Mandie are better off as friends and have my fingers crossed for Thomas ! -RRB-
 We have bought these books for my daughter since she was 8 years old and she is now 26 . So we thought it would be so much fun to watch the movie ! How disappointing ! The movie did basically follow the story however , some of the things we loved about the Mandie books were missing .1 . The fact that in the end after she had gotten herself in trouble she always apologizes .2 . She is always in a position to be afraid and she quotes scripture .3 . Mandie did not call Ned `` Uncle Ned '' .4 . References to the `` Big God '' as far as I can remember were left out .5 . The fact that the books were Mysteries not corny comedy.These things may have been done to appeal to a secular audience , yet they missed the mark no matter.This was more a comedy than a Mystery and as our family watched it the one thing we loved most was when it was over . The acting reminded me more of a vaudeville slapstick type of acting . However , whatever they were attempting it is pulled off poorly . The acting quality just was not there . Yes it is a clean family movie ... but it reminds me more of a community theatre production.My sincere hope is before they do any other movie is they will rethink what they have done . I wasted money on this movie !!
 I have decided to give this film a two star rating . I am grateful that in the film there is no profanity , no indecency sexually , the violence is protective rather than aggressive and off-stage -- and that is saying a lot these days . But those are all negatives . It 's a little like voting for someone because he is less awful than the other person who is running for office . I would like to vote for a political candidate because I think that person will make a good statesman . At least this film can be family viewing , somewhat.I prefer saying `` yes '' to saying `` no . '' And often , I say nothing if I do not like something . But I think honest reviews can be helpful . I really like the MANDIE BOOKS . The film is very poor . Honorable mention is Dean Jones who did a decent job in the film . I enjoyed his character . I enjoyed the beautiful scenery.My serious concern involves Lexi Johnson who plays the vital main character of Mandie . Mandie is our heroine . And in the book , she has heroic qualities of integrity appropriate to her age , era , and those that are timeless such as humility , respect , resourcefulness and so on . In MANDIE , the book , Mandie is a responsive , responsible person . She apologizes when wrong . She addresses adults with respect such as Uncle Ned and not Ned . In the movie Mandie is Lexi Johnson . She is a typical child of today . Her voice is dull and flat . Her expression is with little affect . Her attitude is off-putting . Somewhat arrogant , sullen , surly . She lacks humility . While I dislike hysterics , I can feel no genuine warmth in her person . Typical for today 's youth , that is not the MANDIE I want my grandchildren to see and hear . Lexi Johnson is not a heroine . Lexi Johnson is no Margaret O'Brien , Deanna Durbin , or Shirley Temple.The reason I am so concerned is because impressionable children become not only what they eat , but also very much what they see and hear . TV and films help enormously to shape how our children percieve their world . Indeed , in today 's age of technology movies become their world . And subsequently how they behave . There is too much confusion about what is good and bad , right and wrong , and what is thoughtful or inconsiderate behavior . I believe that the manner of Lexi Johnson adds to this confusion . Therefore she is not welcome.Of course , you will want to form your own judgement . I recommend , though , that you borrow the film before investing your hard-earned money . I recommend sticking with the books . I think it is a shame but not a surprise . There you have it.Thank you for your time .
 This DVD set has a lot of problems . It wo n't work on one of my DVD players and works sparodically on the other . Constantly locks up and freezes and its unwatchable . Absolute garbage . I am goign to see about returning it .
 We quit watching half way through the boxed set due to boredom , irritatingly inconsistent story lines , lame character interactions , and never-ending rabbits pulled out of hats . Big , big disappointment after the good potential of season 1 . The only high point , and it was a very high point , was the terrific Stephen Frye as Booth 's FBI psychiatrist .
 Emily Deschanel is good to look at . That 's about the only possitive thing I can say about this show .
 While I enjoy the show , it is not a complete season as it states on the cover . It only has 21 of the 22 episodes . While I understand why the episode was not shown on network TV , there was no reason what so ever to leave it out of a `` complete '' set . I have no doubt that Fox will some day release a new `` complete '' set with all 22 episodes simply to make more money . For now , I feel like Fox has ripped me off .
 While I absolutely LOVED Bones season 1 , which motivated purchasing season 2 , this season -LRB- 2 -RRB- was TRULY DISAPPOINTING ! Season 2 was so touchy feely , lovey dovey with Bones/Sully , Booth , Jack and Angela , that I thought series had developed into a `` chick '' series like sex in the city or friends . Everyone in series had a `` relationship '' except Zac , -LRB- who it appears may have other things developing for season 3 but not enough to keep you tuned in -RRB- . The interaction , humor , fun development of the various characters in season 1 became second seat to the `` relationships '' . Also the plots and `` villians '' became too transparent too soon in almost every episode.As a final note , I thought the foolishness of the last episode -LRB- Jack and Angela `` running '' off AND especially Angela 's Dad from ZZ Top , having to leave for a GIG was totally stupid-like what dad is going to walk his child down the isle and not stay another 30 minutes for the cerimony ? Its not like rock stars arent alway on time at concerts and frankly havent heard or seen ZZ Top listed in concert in years !!! they havent even become like a Foriegnor or Journey , ie , will play county fairs ! -RRB- Anyway , foolish , silly , and ridiculous season ender.A real disappointment for what was a GREAT series . Hope that they get rid of some of the touchy feelie female writers for next year .
 I ordered this item around the 1st of November and the money was taken out of my checking account . I have been waiting and waiting for it to arrive . On December 8th I got a notification from Amazon that they were crediting my account and this item was not coming . No explanation on why this seller held on to my money since the first of November or why this item was suddenly not coming . Had I known - I could have gotten it on the day after Thanksgiving at a lower price but since I had already ordered it I was just waiting for it to come.This was a bad experience . I had to give one star just to be able to write a review .
 I never received my order . I am in the process of trying to get a refund or , if at some point they would like to send my order , which was Bones , The second season , that would be great too . I emailed KIDSINAMERICA , the company my order is from , twice and they never responded . Thank you .
 I ordered Bones season two on 9/11 but have not received it yet . Today is 10/1 . Any answers would be appreciated .
 Nice box very Six feet under.What 's her name needs to stop playing a social idiot . It 's not becoming !
 the season 2 i got from you only had one of the six discs . its a six disc season so why wouldnt i get all six.i got riped off and am not very happy . ill think twice before ordering another season from you .
 If you can get past the irritaing dialogue and silly romance between two of the shows minor characters it 's ok ... thats hard to do because the writers seemed more drawn to the very irritating interpersonal relationships of the secondary characters during season two . I liked season one but was very disappointed in season 2 .
 Some of the disc in this package will not play at all . Others play but the picture is not clear . I tried cleaning the disc but this did not help . I also tried other disc in my player to assure that it was not my player and they played fine .
 This is a great video series if you 're prepared to listen to 2500 years of propaganda about a desert tribe that decided God loved them above all others ... they were The Chosen Ones . They know that because members of the tribe said God told them so . In other words , they were self-chosen . Astounding that `` Christian '' ministers fall all over themselves justifying a nation whose professed religious traditions does n't recognize Christ 's divinity , if you are a believing Christian.Yet more astounding is the fact that humanity seems to be incapable of standing back from all religious traditions and understanding they were an expression of spiritual development at that time . Why we are somehow bound to a 2500-year old mythos that also included slavery , animal sacrifice and other unsavory elements is something to ponder.Ever wonder why `` God '' seems to become more humane in his description as time goes on ? How he starts off as just another bloodthirsty thunder god and then , over time as man evolves , becomes more humane and loving ? This does n't mean there is n't some incomprehensible mystery that we have taken to calling God . It means if you think he 's a big daddy who just adored one tiny desert tribe and put them to rule over all his other children , you have just bought hook , line and sinker the fairy tale this video describes.Israel is a nation populated with people who are good , bad and indifferent . The sooner this fairy tale about them being special is forgotten , the sooner we all can understand what equality means . This video is a step in the wrong direction , regurgitating ancient tales of greatness told by a tribe about itself that has no objective validity.Step into the 21st century and start treating everyone as The Chosen People and maybe a good bit of the death , destruction and greed we see everywhere will end . This is true for Jews , Christians , Muslims , Hindus etc. . I do n't run into too many Buddhists who claim to be God 's favorite so I 'll give them a pass .
 One stupid movie . Very predictable murder whodunit.It could be fun to make a top ten list of absurd moments . Just to start my favs are when the dead poor girl 's mother threatens to kill the rich girl and when the sheriff questions a witness WHILE THE WITNESS IS SHOWERING among a dozen or so other bare bottomed studs.Also the first lesbian experience SECONDS after two girls share stories of daddy molestation is priceless .
 This is n't fun ... as I 'd hoped . It 's just ... trash . Really . For this type of movie the dialogue , story and acting are n't campy or overdone at all . Everything 's comatose . Not even enough sex and nudity to keep you from falling asleep . A complete waste of 90 minutes . Well below even my lowest expectations for useless -LSB- movie -RSB- . Feel like someone pimped me for a bag of generic cheese puffs .
 this movie is a great waste of time . with its annoying litle rich brat kids and one of them kills their new best friend and Diggs incestigates with the worst soutern accent in the world , plus he shouldnt of been in this whole mess . with a bitchy cast and a nowhere story , this 'll please those people with less than zero brains
 `` New Best Friend '' is another entry in the `` steal another woman 's life '' sub-genre ; the best of which are `` Single White Female '' and `` The Hand That Rocks the Cradle '' ; the worse of which you can catch almost any afternoon on the Lifetime Channel . For some reason this type of identity theft happens exclusively to women.There are just two basic ways to play this type of story . You can make the woman evil at the beginning and let the audience watch knowingly as she hatches and implements her evil scheme . Or you use misdirection to make her appear a good person , as a seemingly unplanned series of events break in her favor until she is revealed to be evil in the climatic scene . Unfortunately the makers of `` New Best Friend '' could not decide how they wanted to play it and things crash and burn early . We first meet Alicia -LRB- Mia Kirshner -RRB- scamming the college 's financial aid office for scholarship money . We now know that she is a bad person and will view all her subsequent activity with suspicion . But the director and editor apparently forgot that this revelation had been made and spend the next 50 minutes laying misdirection to make us think that Alicia is a good person . This introduces the only element of suspense , not about whether she is evil but about when the director and editor will wise up and stop wasting our time with transparent misdirection . `` New Best Friend '' suffers more than most from the teen movie curse of a cast too old to be portraying undergraduate students . There are really only two big parts , Hadley -LRB- Meredith Monroe -RRB- and Alicia -LRB- Kirshner -RRB- . They were 31 and 26 respectively at the time of the production . It almost works for the 26 year-old Kirshner when she plays the mousy version of Alicia but it becomes glaring when she is transformed into the glamed-up version of Alicia . Monroe 's casting is simply a joke , about like having Nicholette Sheridan try to pass as a classmate on `` Lizzie McGwire '' . She looks much closer to a mid-life crisis than to a term paper.The producers must have owed a lot of favors because this age issue extends to most of the supporting characters . Taye Diggs who plays the town sheriff is younger than most of the students.The basic setup is that Hadley and two other rich party girls -LRB- played by Dominque Swain-age 21 and Rachel True-age 35 -RRB- are undergrad roommates at college . They share -LRB- as their student residence -RRB- a mansion that is nicer and better furnished than the mansion on Real World-New Orleans -LRB- a premise more believable than soccer moms playing students -RRB- . Alicia moves into the mansion and begins to take over Hadley 's life . At least that way Swain finally gets a roommate from her own generation so the two can have a lesbian scene . Swain 's supporting performance is the only good thing about `` New Best Friend '' and her love scene with Kirshner is fantastic , so cool and artsy that it does n't fit with any of the other segments , maybe it was subcontracted out to a good director and cinematographer.The unintentionally hilarious story is presented in a series of dreary flashbacks of rampant sex and nonstop parties , each proceeded by a shot of a comatose Alicia in a hospital bed . About half of Kirshner 's screen time is spent lying motionless with a tube in her mouth . Not a good career move Mia.Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 I find it hard to believe people actually think New Best Friend is a passable film . This is about the poorest excuse for a storyline I 've ever seen.A college girl is drugged to the point that she 's lying in a hospital bed and might die . The police blame her so-called friends because there 's a belief that her friends did n't really get along with the girl at all.So the entire storyline consists of constant flashbacks showing us how the girl eventually ended up in the hospital , along with the present scenes showing a detective questioning the girls and trying to put the pieces together and solve the `` mystery '' -LRB- yeah right - about as mysterious as watching paint dry -RRB- . Only problem is that * every single flashback scene * is extremely uninteresting . This film seriously feels like an attempt to put a bunch of young female actresses together to see which one of them will have the greatest success in future -LRB- better -RRB- films.There 's absolutely nothing interesting whatsoever concerning the events leading up to the girl being in the hospital . It 's just typical teenage behavior with young girls getting into fights with their boyfriends , fighting amongst themselves , constant partying and drinking , and all the normal things college teens typically do . The writers did n't bother making the storyline worth the time of day , so you 're left with a completely dry plotline.So you think the film might have potential anyway ? Trust me , if the overdramatic acting segments do n't make you wan na barf up chunks , the neverending river of boring flashback segments will leave you numb about 30 minutes in . Avoid at all costs .
 This is a movie that wants to blend the Gangsta movies or the 90 's - 2000 's with the Current rise in Zombie movies and ends up with something that does justice to neither.The normal rule that zombies are an ever-present menace in the background is almost totally ignored for the first half hour and the viewer is forced to sit though what seem to be the clich&eacute; gang bangers talking trash and planning that big score to get them out of the ghetto.When the Zombies do arrive they seem to be just tacked on . And the menace that the living dead normally bring to movies is lost.A viewer who has seen both Gangsta and Zombie movies might find it interesting to go through this movie and just pick out how any of the scenes have been copied from other movies and just tacked on.As a whole this movie is just a series of tired clich&eacute;s , over used plot devices and copied scenes . It offers nothing new and there are better examples of Gang bangers vs. monters out there.Not even worth the rating of a B movie that you watch for laughs .
 < strong > Dead Heist < / strong > -LRB- Bo Webb , 2007 -RRB- Man , people are n't even trying any more . I 'm trying to imagine the spec meeting for this movie . `` I got this script about a bank robbery that goes wrong . '' `` Nah , that 's not good enough any more . What can we do to pump it up ? '' `` Add zombies ? '' `` Zombies are overdone . '' `` How about ... zombie vampires ? '' `` Yeah ! '' Good god . And for the record , I only know they 're zombie vampires -LRB- or vampiric zombies , if there 's a difference -RRB- because I read the IMDB synopsis , not because anything in the movie clued me in ... Plot
 Cheap , absurd zombie flick . Heck even calling a zombie movie is a joke as the zombies roughly take up maybe twenty , twenty-five minutes of the movie and the rest of the movie has these losers trying to pull a bank heist.You know when your `` talent '' consists of rappers who 've never acted once in their life you have a mess . None of the actors were very good except maybe the girl playing Kate . The other actors were as stiff as lead . Also the fact that this was a black cast for the most part we were treated to numerous offensive uses of the N-Word ... LMAO . Oh Brother.All this made the movie that much worse , the gore was ok but nothing specials . The camera and directing were mediocre at best . The opening graffiti like titles already gave you the smell of a quickly , poorly filmed movie.Anyways , for what it is as a dumb cheap wannabe zombie flick you 'll get a few laughs . Is it to warrant repeated viewers ? Never . This is not `` Dawn of the Dead '' , nor `` NIght Of the Living Dead '' . Sorry to say if you are expecting a zombie flick of that caliber you 'll be disappointed . If you do n't take my word , look up the bios of the `` actors '' most of them never went on to star in anything else .
 The movie came pretty promptly , but the condition , was just okay . I can not rememebr if it was new or used , but sometimes i have problems playing it in my vcr . . And other times its okay . . I think i will have to order another at some point though .
 Overall the movie was okay , good twist at the end . Bad acting and overall plot was poor . Characters were overblown , would n't have watched it except for a class project . It 's a good movie to laugh at . Best thing was twist at the end other than that it 's forgettable .
 There are a number of things that run off the road in Mark Rydell 's `` Intersection , '' one of which is a severe identity crisis that resonates from its lack of character development and intriguing material . It tells the story of a man torn between two women , one of whom is his wife , the other his mistress , but the film moves so awkwardly , ambling towards an ending that is doomed from the start , that we never come to care for his personal struggle , nor those of the women in his life.The film uses everything from flashbacks to premonitions and dreams to tell its story , yet with everything that 's going on , there is a strong absence of interest in any of it . We know from the start that the film 's end can not be joyful
 I purchased this DVD listed as `` like new '' . It arrived literally cracked and broken and was un-viewable . I was very disappointed .
 Intersection started with a disadvantage in that it 's a remake of one of my favorite films , Les Choses de la Vie . The original uses a terrible car crash -LRB- one of the best ever filmed -RRB- as a starting point for a series of flashbacks and reflections on the turning point in an architect 's life , when the relationship that ended his marriage is in danger of self-destructing because of his inability to make an effort . But where the accident is that film 's focal point , replayed in various different ways as a kind of inescapable destiny , in Intersection it is used almost as an afterthought to bring some resolution to a mundane soap opera about an indecisive man torn between his career-conscious wife and his more liberal lover -LRB- though I wonder if that may be last-minute re-editing into a more linear structure to ` save ' the film since its original release date was pushed back -RRB- . It 's not a case of not giving the film a chance - there have been interesting re-workings of European films by Hollywood before - or expecting a raunchfest because of Gere or Stone 's presence . It 's just that it 's really not very good.The result is n't exactly unwatchable , but it is overwritten , over scored and surprisingly uncinematic . Rydell gives the film plenty of gloss but few cinematic flourishes , concentrating on the seen-it-all-before romance in a way that seems more TV movie of the week than anything worth paying to see on the big screen . Sharon Stone is superb as the ex-wife and Davidovitch does well as the lover despite some unfortunate and unnecessary scenes towards the end that undermine her character to make Gere look good - which brings me to the film 's major failing . Gere 's character and performance . Gere can act and has done good work , but this is an especially shallow and by-the-numbers ego trip more than a performance . Aside from being the screen 's most unconvincing architect -LRB- and that includes Woody Harrelson in Indecent Proposal -RRB- , the smug , self , narcissistic performance here prevents us from ever caring about whether the character lives or dies . Even the film 's one nearly successful scene at a post office when he ca n't decide whether to post an important letter is ultimately destroyed by his hammy grandstanding phone call at the end of it.Not that the script is any help . Scenes are overwritten , achingly obvious and horribly predictable , with everything spelled out in broad strokes . Ultimately you 're just left wandering from predictable scene to predictable scene with little interest . Slick , watchable , forgettable , the final insult is that the novel and Claude Sautet film this misfire is based on is only acknowledged at the very , very end of the credits when no-one is likely to spot it . That said , the filmmakers are probably grateful not to be associated with this one ...
 As a cruising family , we can relate to the events -LRB- positive -RRB- and as the techno side of sailing is scant -LRB- negative -RRB- . The viewing offer should be at no charge and we would like a refund .
 Must have been filmed in late 60 's early 70 's over filmedVery boring . Just travel sites nothing to do with blue waterCruising
 Though I 'm still a big South Park fan , I do think that the quality of the show has progressively declined over the past three seasons . This season has its standouts , most notably the truly demented Christmas Critters episode , but it also has incredibly lame episodes like the dance off and election episodes.To make matters worse , Matt and Trey put next to no effort into providing any extras for fans who pony up top dollar for the dvd collections . A show like the Simpsons not only has more episodes per season and sells for the same price but the people involved in the Simpsons go the extra mile to satisfy fans
 BEACH PARTY -LRB- 1963 -RRB- Directed by William Asher.Starring Robert Cummings , Dorothy Malone , Frankie Avalon , Annette Funicello , Morey Amsterdam , Harvey Lembeck , Jody McCrea and Vincent Price.An anthropologist and his wildly lust crazed assistant come to a California beach to study the mating rituals of the American teenager . Meanwhile Frankie and Annette have a fight.The first of the Beach Party films is amazingly enough for a teen flick actually a Bob Cummings/Dorothy Malone vehicle with Frankie and Annette in support parts . Slightly less surreal than the later films , this still plays like an extended episode of GILLIGAN 'S ISLAND and is still exhibit A that teenagers before the 60s drugs and communist propaganda destroyed them were just another species back then . Completely unrecognizable to those who watch GLEE and listen to Taylor Swift today.Like all the Beach Party films , light as air . Not bad . Not good . Pleasant . And yes horror fans Vincent Price is in this movie !!!
 It was a fair movie that held my attention , almost 2 * in parts . Niave sweet teen is befriended by psychopathic who yet feels romantic for her . They are a couple of love - birds until the parents clock him after making double sure he is as sincere as he makes out . Then he turns into his true colors and girlfriend and family are held hostage.DA-DAR ! !!! Super - bimbo saves the day . She has been tied up waiting in the car but manages to wriggle out of the tape . Instead of running off down the street looking for the nearest person to call the police , super-bimbo decides to take on the psychopathic And his buddies.Sorry for the spoiler but this film bombs like a lift in a shaft when the cables break .
 How can you rape someone if you never unzip your genes ? How can a nieve 16 year old girl sneak up on and stab a pracitced home invading psychopath in the back ? How can you hold together a an action/horror flick if every fight scean is ` fudged ' by quick cutting showing little actual violence and an unrealistic outcome?This film does have some good acting in the first half , and has a truely frightening premise ; a charming psychopath worms his way into a ` nice ' family and then turns on them for a home invasion . Unfortunately , the wrighters and director took an oddly and almost puritanical aproach to this film , rendering it almost senceless and mostly absurd.If your going to do sexual violence in a film , do it , and do n't make any apoligies . If your going to do a sexual preditor , do the same , but show more skin . We 've had a decade or two of vampires acting out romantic and violative relationships ; if we are cinimatically going to explore the more frightening real aspects of human evil , lets do it without a fig leaf . This film does n't .
 Let me start by saying that I love horror movies , and I enjoy cheesy ones as well . Full Moon does make some really great trashy movies -LRB- The Puppet Master and Subspecies series for example -RRB- , but this one is just plain trash . In fact , I 'm very angry that 90 minutes of my life was wasted on this crap . The plot of the The plot concerns a guy who loves a girl whose boyfriend is a hoodlum . In order to pay the guys back after getting beaten up , the guy invokes Killjoy , some kind of killer clown demon to come take care of his problem . Well , nothing happens , and then the hoodlum and some of his partners kill the guy , and one year later , Killjoy pops up to wreak havoc . I probabaly just made that sound a lot better than it actually is . The movie has no continuity . In the first scene , the guy attempts to ask out the girl , but is then beaten by the hoodlum and his partners . Cut straight to a scene of the guy sitting in a circle surrounding by candles holding a clown doll and `` calling on Killjoy '' . I could n't figure out what was going on , like who or what is Killjoy ? In addition , there 's an ominous mystical man who looks entirely like a wino and gives no explanation of what Killjoy is and disappears in a flash of light -LRB- demonstrating some really bad SFX -RRB- . This movie seems to get everything wrong . It takes its incredibably stupid plot seriously , the acting is terrible , the script is full of cliches and bad dialogue , not to mention the Killjoy character . After the movie wasted a good half-hour getting to him , any seriousness the movie is going to attempt goes down the drain when he opens his mouth . First of all , Killjoy laughs after everything he says ... everything ! And it gets really annoying when nothing he says is funny . If you 're looking for a good horror movie , this is not it . If you 're looking for a bad horror movie to make fun of , this still is not it , and if you 're a full moon fan , notice that this an especially ripe turkey . In addition , there 's a documentary included that is actually the only fun you might have with this movie . The seriousness of the actors and producers , who treat this movie as if it were CITIZEN KANE are laughable . Beware ! The box makes this movie look like some trashy fun , but the only fun you 'll have with this movie is hitting the eject button on you 're VCR to get rid of it .
 I 'll second the other reviewers here ... but first let me say I have been a Full Moon fan for years ... this is not only one of their worst films , but one of the worst films by any large video production company I have seen . Zero redeeming qualities ... bad acting , inane script , crap directing , and heck , even bad background music . DON `` T WASTE YOUR TIME !
 I saw this DVD cheap in a shop and was expecting to take home a modern day ` IT ' , made in the year 2000 - relatively new . However , I should not have wasted my money . It is a low budget film , with a script written by a high-school student who obviously has NO talent . The costumes and storyline are awful and there is n't a scary bit in the entire film . Music is cheaply made by those that produced the film and even if it is n't supposed to be taken seriously - it 's definately not funny ! It is described as an ` ethnic ' film in the making of it , meaning you feel as though its exclusive to black people with the jokes and dialect . I can not believe they made a sequel !!!!!!
 This is a low budget African-American horror film that develops into a better franchise . Michael -LRB- Jamal Grimes -RRB- has a crush on Jada -LRB- Vera Yell -RRB- , who in turn is the girlfriend of bad boy Lorenzo -LRB- William L. Johnson -RRB- . Lorenzo and his gang are bullies and thugs . Michael attempts to use black magic to conjure up something called `` Killjoy '' which we know nothing about , or him as there is no character introduction.Things do n't go well for Michael and we jump to a year later where the remaining cast must combat Killjoy , a magical killer clown with an ice cream truck transporter . The acting and lines were fairly bad . There is a magical homeless guy that really is n't explained . The clown was rather repulsive , and that was by design ... I think.Parental guide
 No , this film will not under any circumstances be nominated for an Oscar . It is incredibly low-budget , as if it is a senior class project for a TV productions class . But it 's entertaining . You can pick out all of the horrible acting moments , or the non-existant special effects , cliches , etc.My boyfriend works at Blockbuster so I did n't have to pay to see this , which is good . But I 'm still glad I saw it . It 's always nice to see how some people actually have pride in the horrible job they do.Do not buy this movie unless you are like , Oprah Winfrey rich . Get something better . Something that actually had a snowball 's chance in hell of being released in the movie theaters . Just take everyone 's word for it -- it 's not good . But , if you like to point and laugh at people who are doing stupid things , you 'll be entertained by it .
 this movie has to be the worst movie i have ever seen in my life ! it is very low budget , and just about everything about it sucks and is just all around stupid and worhtless and i hate it!i admit that this movie may look interesting , but is definetely not even worth viewing . i rented both this movie and the sequel , and they both blow . the sequel is a little bit better , but still low budget and horrible . so in other words this movie is not worth watching , unless you want to laugh at how bad it is . and it IS NOT SCARY AT ALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 You purchase this at your own risk , but you have been warned by me and several others . This is just stupid -- real stupid . Acting is awful , script is awful , direction is awful . It 's just plain awful . You have been warned .
 Killjoy is , without a doubt , one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . There are n't a lot of horror films out there featuring an African-American cast , but there 's one more than there should be . It absolutely floored me to find out that this film actually inspired two sequels . I can forgive one horrible movie , but three Killjoys really should be a crime . Truly , there is not one positive thing I can say about this movie ; heck , I ca n't even give thanks that the film is so short because , even at 72 minutes , it goes on and on much longer than it should have . The acting is horrible , the dialogue is horrible , the film 's herky-jerky pace is horrible , the special effects are embarrassingly horrible , and the story itself is utterly hopeless.Boy loves girl ; boy gets beaten up and murdered by girl 's gangsta boyfriend ; ridiculous clown with a magical ice cream truck seeks revenge on everyone involved . Apart from the absurd ending , that 's pretty much the whole movie in a nutshell . For some reason , it took our victim 's black magic ritual a year to actually work , and Killjoy the killer crown is n't exactly interested in justice when he does show up . It 's a good thing there 's a homeless man knowledgeable in the ways of this whole business that shows up with some advice on putting an end to the clownish carnage.As painful as it is watching this film 's gangstas trying to sound like gangstas , it 's Killjoy 's dialogue that will have your ears bleeding . It 's one incredibly unfunny one-liner after another with this guy , but he 's the only one laughing - maniacally - every single time he says anything . The special effects , on the other hand , are laughable , including what has to be the worst CGI beheading I 've ever seen . I can only hope that someday in the distant future I will be able to block the bad memories of this awful film from my mind . Take my advice and stay as far away from this film as you possibly can .
 I saw this and I was like `` a cheap horror movie from the same compay that brought us the Puppet Master series , how can I lose '' . Well I 'll tell you how I lost , it was a horrible movie that I could barely finish . OK the story was horrible , come on a kid accidently gets shot , but luckily he summoned his doll clown before he died , to kill people of course . So to sum it up , even if your a big horror movie buff like I am , you can pass this one up , just not worth watching .
 Killjoy is by far one of the worst movies I have ever seen . None of these actors could act their way out of a paper bag . The only one with any talent is the clown . I have to agree that he is a combonation of Tim Curey and Jim Carey . Yes he does get rather annoying , but so does all the useless cursing and the pointless nudity . The little nurd boy bringing a killer demon into the world to avenge him is so cliche , along with the being consumed by flames and run over with a truck . The gangster in love with the good girl made sense , but I believe a gang consists of more than three people . I think this is the worst Full Moon Pictures can do and I hope if they make any sequels for it , which they left it wide open for them , that they are better than the first one .
 Not only is this the worst Full Moon urban film , it is n't even a good Full Moon film ! Bad acting -LRB- worse than normal -RRB- , AWFUL camera angles and focusing -LRB- one minute an actor , who seems to be ad-libbing , is pausing or speaking and the steady cam zooms in and whoever is operating the camera ca n't focus ! -RRB- , one long scene of a woman taking a shower -LRB- seems the director loved that , and I am not a prude , she is nice , but it seems they do this to pad the running time -RRB- and that darned clown ! The makeup is cool , but the whole premise SUCKED ! I felt the movie plodded along and tried WAY too hard.Keep trying , Full Moon , and maybe you 'll come up with a cool urban film that is n't either a commercial for their recording artists , toys or an audience that will never buy into the worst kind of pandering to a black audience I have ever seen -LRB- this movie 's characters are THE WORST stereotypes , at least the Ragdoll actors were GOOD -RRB- . P.S.-I am a HUGE Full Moon fan . Make more Dead Hate The Living , Sideshow and Ragdoll , less of this tripe masquerading as a horror boyz n the hood .
 That has n't already been said ? This movie manages to take what seems like a simple yet intriguing plot and turn it into a 90 minute festering pile of dog s ** t -LRB- sorry to be so descriptive -RRB- . The acting is extremely poor . Be sure to emphasize the extremely . The characters are moronic . A lot of the film does not make sense , for instance , towards the end of the `` movie '' when the three main stars of the film are in some sort of Satanic-Killjoy circle , one of the kids tells the others that they ca n't leave the circle . How the hell does he know this ? It 's stupid . This is horrible . And not so horrible it 's good . Just horrible .
 this movie is by far the stupidest horror ever ... i had rented it a few days ago w / my best friend since we love watching horror movies when she sleeps over ... well lem me tell ya . . me and her were pratically pissin ourselves through the whole movie ... we made fun of every line killjoy had to say we said he is `` the fakest ghetto clown ever '' . . then we wanted to see if the sequel was any better ... we were sooo wrong ... the sequel was SEMI better . . but not by much . . frankly , the 2nd was half as funny as the 1st ... and they changed the look of the costume and the voice which really was n't that cool ... anyways . . take my advice ... i may be 13 but this movie sucks ! ... go watch a movie that acually can be considered `` HORROR ''
 I do n't care what some of these people are saying , this is the WORST FILM EVER MADE ! By the way , I am no religious nut ; moreover , I `` understand '' film quite well , thank you . However , I prefer a wee bit of comprehension in my cinema .
 Horrible , horrible film is so bad that it hurts . Who greenlights these projects ? Who believes that money is so disposable that it should be thrown at projects of this low caliber ? If I can provide a service with this review , let it be this
 See what Tarantino hath wrought with this uninspired , illogical , unfunny , moronic masterpiece of bad cinema . Quite possibly the worst , most incompetent film ever made , there are literally NO scenes that warrant rediscovery or further commentary . Poorly acted , boring , and utterly self-conscious , I have rarely been this bored and outraged at the same time . Tries so desperately to be hip and `` GenX-ish '' that I cringed at least once every few seconds . Like , you know , we get it already .
 Do you know anyone who actually enjoys watching Faces of Death , or Jackass , or Fox 's Botched Surgeries II - This Time It 's Brutal ? -LRB- To be sure , these films have their audiences , but , to be even more sure , these are not audiences known for their discrimination , their artistic sensibilities , or their definitions of common sense and/or decency . -RRB- Show him/her The Doom Generation . I 'm sure they 'll get a kick out of it.Reviewers have noted this film for its `` art '' and for its `` postmodernism '' and for its attempt to slash apart the various diseases of Generation X and expose them for audiences to the soundtrack of a dozen or so angry bands . I have even read a reviewer who claimed that the film was `` supposed to be bad '' and that it was the next wave of absurdism in entertainment.This , if I may put it delicately , is crap . Both the reasoning and the film.Playing out like a fever dream , this movie attempts to cleverly and darkly walk the edge of the modern teenager 's condition , speaking to the heart of the confused and pimply masses across the nation with it 's total lack of coherent sense and its indulgence on pointless sex and excessive violence . Toss in a few `` dude `` s and `` far out `` s and you have yourself the next generations take on Dazed and Confused.Except this movie teeters on the edge of pretention , in spite of its glorious embrace of Nonsense as Cool . -LRB- And let me say , right now , that I am as much a fan of the type of Troma-team B-movie goofiness that you can find in Buckaroo Banzai or the Reanimator as I am a fan of the classier and more subtler types of entertainment and art to be found in movies such as Eternal Sunshine and Platoon , for example . -RRB- What the makers of this film did n't realize was that , in order for a Bad Film to be good , it must just be bad , and not loathesome , or weak , or trite , or ridiculously metaphorical . Intellectual plug-ins do not a diverting movie make.There are movies that attempt to answer the same questions that this film seeks resolution for
 I really get irritated when people say that this film is ironic and a parody of the nihilistic 90 's and the obsession with ultra-violence . In all the movies I 've seen , never have I seen such a desperate attempt to appear profound.After about the fifth time you hear the phrase `` 666 , '' it 's tempting to scream , `` I get it ! '' Only as lousy a filmmaker as Gregg Araki would feel the need to hammer his supposed `` brilliance '' home . It 's almost as if he 's screaming , `` look at me ! I made up something cool ! Pay attention to me 'cause I 'm soooo smart ! `` Araki takes whatever he considers subversive , kitschy , symbolic or deep and renders it utterly boring and trite . It might have been somewhat entertaining if Rose McGowan and James Duvall could actually act . They both looked as if they were fighting with cue cards throughout the movie.Johnathan Schaech was the only saving grace . He played the sexy , psychopathic , bad influence perfectly . Too bad his performance was wasted.I ca n't help but picture Gregg Araki as a 13-year-old with a camera , trying as hard as he can to be deep and ironic , while throwing in some fake blood and nudity . At least he chose the correct ingenue in Rose McGowan , as her only real `` talent '' is taking off her clothes . This film is for the high school loser goth crowd .
 Ten thousand philosophers could work round-the-clock for the next 10,000 years and would still fail to come up with a meaning for this piece of trash . OOOOOOH , yeah , like it 's so disturbing ! Yeah , I get it folks . Nihilism worn on its sleeve does not a classice make .
 I 've never seen a more disturbing movie , except perhaps Crash
 This movie is lacking in almost every way a film can lack . The irony of this film is not in the whining jabs , the obscene gore or the synonyms of hate , but in the film itself
 If I could give this less stars I would . So horrible . I ca n't believe that anyone would like this movie . It 's only purpose is to try and shock viewers . I read the reviews where people say it 's a thinking persons movie . No it is n't . I get the message it was conveying -LRB- you 'd have to be blind not to -RRB- but it 's an example of pseudo-intellectualism . Watch Natural Born Killers instead .
 I found this DVD very difficult to watch - and not because of its violent content . The manufacturers have chosen not to present it in widescreen - fair enough - but their idea of pan-and-scan seems to be to point whatever it is they point at the middle of the frame and keep it there without moving , so a lot of dialogue comes from characters who are off the edges , and it 's basically a matter of luck as to whether or not important action ends up in frame .
 What an over hyped -LSB- movie -RSB- from an over blown nobody director . Who the heck is Gregg Araki ... and what has he contributed to film ... . Araki is attemting to mimic John Waters style with his movies about nihilism , homosexuality and alienated youth , but he is not even remotely in the same league ... In retrospect I do n't know how I was coerced into watching this giant Thanksgiving turkey ! This movie represents everything bad about movie making ... meandering , pointless script , lousy actors , shoddy camera work , ripping off other films and wasting cinematic money ... it 's nihilistic rubbish maquerading as a supposed `` art / indie '' film ... Rose McGowan is such an uninteresting and unlikeable actress . Was n't she in that stupid flick `` Jawbreaker '' , ... I 'd like to bust her jaw after watching this -LSB- movie -RSB- ! I spent the entire film trying to restrain myself from throttling her image on the movie screen ... I would n't cast her in a dog food commercial ! Any one who raves about this celluloid needs to get out more often ... and see better movies too !!
 if you thought this movie was good , or art you are just very dumb . whatever you may think , trust me this movie is NOT good . you are very dumb for thinking otherwise .
 Wow . Some people actually liked this film . Sad , sad , sad . This has got to be in my all time top 5 worst movie list . The Doom Generation is a piece of cinematic suppository . It is a waste of film , time , money , and energy.For the people who do n't find this review any good because you actually liked the movie , you 're pathetic . A vote saying that you did n't like my review is a vote saying that you are an art tard . Really ... you must be retarded to actually like this movie . The person who lent this movie to me said -LRB- and I quote -RRB- `` Oh there is , like , great symbolism in the movie ! '' Yeah , great symbolism , every number is 666 . WOW ! That must of took a lot of thought . The director is an idiot . Also , to those who liked the movie , I ask you this
 This is an awful film . Another set of totally mindless violence and graphic sex scenes considered a movie . The whole `` out of control , violent , sex crazed , idiot '' thing is becoming a cliche , and a burned out one at that . This film was a huge disappointment and became disgusting to sit through . Basically another movie with no story , no good acting , or point . The Director or writers have no talent so they come up with `` outrageous '' scenes to freak you out and make you forget what a crap film your seeing . Unfortunately , some directors make a nice living off films like these because somebody out there sees it as `` deep '' or `` art '' . Then again if Rose Mcgowan or scenes of castration , unarousing sex , unecessarily graphic violence , and disgusting images are your thing , you might enjoy it . Please rent this , if you must see it . Rose Mcgowan in a bath tub is a good thing I suppose but they find a way to ruin it by her giving her boyfriend a bloody nose before she looks to attractive .
 I admit it , I 'm not cool . Or maybe I just do n't watch mindless , arrogantly nihlistic , pointlessly profane crap . This is about as bad as you can get . It has no ties to reality whatsoever , and exists soley to exhibit very bad behavior among young men and women . Ladies and gentlemen , this is trash . The young and stupid will think it speaks to their generation , the old folks will wonder what 's the matter with kids these days , and the discriminating viewer will go for the stop button . Leave this one alone -- it 's dangerous .
 This movie easily tops the list as the worst movie I have ever seen . There has never been a more grotesque or ridiculously disgusting movie ever made . Anybody who gives this movie any positive credit should seriously have their head examined . The violent and sexual content involved in this movie deserve much worse than an `` R '' rating . DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE YOU WILL REGRET IT . Movie-going will never be the same .
 This is the most unexciting and vapid movie I have ever seen . Bad dialogue , bad direction , and an overdone storyline . You might like this movie if you are a 12 year old stoner which would n't be old enough to watch this vile piece of garbage anyway . Now I know why I found this movie in the horror section of the video store .
 movie sucked , plain and simple.Kaboom sucked as well.Folks can form their own opinion after watching it but I would give this and Kaboom Negative stars if I could.I almost feel the director should pay me for wasting time watching his junk .
 I think that there is only one good thing in that movie ... Rose McGowan . I thought it was very disturbing , discusting , and very bothersome . My favorite part had to be the creidits ! I think that Rose McGowan can do a lot better .
 Two positive points from `` The Doom Generation ''
 This film is indeed and without a doubt -LRB- in my opinian -RRB- the worst movie ever made , what else can I add?The only other movie that even comes close to sinking to the depths of this -LSB- stuff -RSB- , is the appalling C.H.U.D. 2 -LRB- bud the chud -RRB- However after suffering the terrible misfortune of having this piece of garbage pollute my senses , C.H.U.D. 2 seemed -LRB- temporarily -RRB- like a topline film , and that speaks volumes about how bad this film is.People who have been subjected to this piece of cinematic torture should have the right to sue for damages , and the director should be banned from making films -LRB- and anybody else who played some type of role assisting in the creation of this abomination -RRB- Sheer junk , ... , garbage , filth , stench , pollution , sewage , it is no use me continuing as I am unable to find an adequate word in the dictionary to sufficiently describe how terrible this film is.Pass the bucket I feel sick !
 Saw this video on a bargain rack somewhere in Oklahoma . The basis of my decision to buy it was that the cover said it had Margaret Cho and the guy who played Peter on the Brady Bunch in it . That and the girl on the cover looked pretty cute . The sleeve tried to present it as a comedy , but there was absolutely nothing funny about this movie . In fact , there was absolutely nothing good about this movie . The store clerk said he found the movie to be disturbing , and it was n't good at all , and told me to tell him what I thought about it next time I was in the store . My answer
 I know why some people like this film . It 's because it has an attitude . It 's violent . It has a trio of sexual outlaws . Etc. . But it 's missing a few things all good films contain . Good acting . Good directing . Good writing . Good cinematography . A clue . In case it has n't been figured out yet , Gregg Araki could n't direct his way out of an Old Navy ad . I 've never seen a more incompetent or soulless director coast so long on shock value , which is all he has . There 's no heart to his films , and the philosophy can be found done in much more subtle ways in much better films . Araki has such contempt for his audience that he feels the need to dispense with any subtlety and hit everyone over the head with his shallow philosophy . And someone said this was superior to `` Kids '' and `` Natural Born Killers '' ? Hey , those movies were pretty lame . But this is one of the worst films in existence . I 'd rather sit through `` The Rage
 I know a lot of people loved this movie , but I was n't one of them . This movie is trying to hard to be cool . The dialoge really sucks . The screenwriter was trying really hard to be like Tarantino . Tarantino has quick witted dialoge.This movie sounded like teenagers wrote it . Rose Mcgowen sounded like a teenage brat rather than a cool adult . I felt like this was a rip-off of `` Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas '' . Add a little `` Natural Born Killer '' -LRB- Which was better than this mess -RRB- . I also know why they put a lot of sex scenes in this movie . Sex sells and this movie needed the sex scenes to sell this film . Another bad thing is when you watch a movie and you can see all the similarities from other movies in this one film . Well that is what happens hear , you start to wonder if your watching another film . I was in hell sitting through this film . There is also a lot of religious refrences and visuals through out the film . Is that there attempt to be unique . Just spell it out for us since the director knows we will never get it . If you want to see Rose McGowen naked just say so . This is the only reason a lot of people love this film . I needed a unique story and this movie has recycled ideas . If you loved `` Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas '' , then this is a different version of that with a little `` Natural Born Killers '' thrown in there . They expect me to call this film original or entertaining . Sorry Rose McGowen was n't great in this film unless you want to see her naked and for that you can hit the mute button . You do n't have to hear her try to sound cool or make stupid insults that make no sense . You have to be on drugs to understand any of this mess . The director was probably on acid when he was directing this film . What 's up with the intro saying it 's a heterosexual movie . Is the director against homosexual movies , I just do n't get it .
 ... in which , after tasting something gross , someone tries to get another to taste it to verify that it is indeed gross , is the main force behind this movie 's popularity.The idea is good - a mysterious , violent stranger shows up in the lives of a young couple and trouble starts wherever they go , with lots of celebrity cameos and some seriously disturbing antagonists.Not villains , mind , but antagonists - there are no heroes here , which makes things more interesting . Amy -LRB- Rose McGowan -RRB- alternates between apathetic and mean , shows no real interest in her boyfriend Jordan , or any emotion at all other than anger . Jordan possesses an optimism and certain air of innocence that 's compelling , but it makes him seem drastically out of place among the other characters , as if he 's accidentally wandered in from some other movie . Xavier , or X as he is called , does n't seem inerested in anything other than having sex and ruining people 's lives.The music is good . Nine Inch Nails , This Mortal Coil , and similar provide the backdrop for the movie 's descent into violent insanity.The presentation is what lowers the score to two stars . The conversations seem vacant and emotionless , the relationship between Amy and X seems to come entirely out of nowhere , and the end result leaves viewers titillated and disgusted at their own titillation . It 's just a bad movie trying to pass for an intentionally-bad-for-comedic-purposes movie .
 First of all I like Independent Movies , no , not the like of Independence Day or the Patriot . This movie is worth watching once in a lifetime , but if have just time in your life watching one indie flick , please choose Six String Samurai . I mean if you are a fan of Rose McGowan , or just want to see her naked , go for it , this your movie . Besides countless sex scenes this movie also offers very naughty violence . Some of it is really too much . I saw the DVD , the picture is in full screen , quite ok . The sound volume sometimes changes . Special features are spanish subtitles , the trailer and 3 additional trailers to other valuable Trimark movies . I baught it , now I am gon na sell it . If you are open minded , watch it . .
 Most bad movies are forgettable and trivial , but sometimes we see a bad movie that redefines the bad movie . A movie that makes you want to throw your DVD player in the street and drive over it . They 're as rare as the movies that change our lives , but they 're out there . The Doom Generation is the biggest candidate in that column for me , an uninteresting hack compendium of pet indy subjects -LRB- murder sprees ! ambisexual experimentation ! hipster rock star cameos ! -RRB- written and directed not so much with an eye for satire as a desire to nauseate . It 's a movie that grasps its ability to offend as though it 's the only card it 's got , and indeed it is - the cinematography is nauseating , the dialogue laughably bad , and the teenage characters all played by late-20 's actors doing bored deadpan of ennui or ennui deadpan of boring . The director , Gregg Araki , has never made a good movie , perhaps because he wastes all of his energy on candy-coating his set designs rather than making worthwhile scripts , but in The Doom Generation , he cribs from every movie he can pick up and hopes its chic counterculture-ness will connect . It does , like an all night vomit session .
 But I just do n't get it . Some would say The Doom Generation `` does n't just force us to examine the evils of modern society , it shoves them right in our face . '' Some also believe in the theory of Antlantis , does n't make it fact . Many movie directors/producers try to cure the plague of a thin plot by drowning their movies in scenes and sequences meant to distract the audience from noticing banal , or formulaic scripts -LRB- this is commonly referred to as `` eye candy '' -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB- Another old movie trick meant to distract those with low attention spans is the use of running jokes , or hooks -LRB- i.e. the recurrent $ 6.66 charges , and the string of jilted ex-boyfriends -RRB- . Gather a gang of adolescent boys from a quake arena , and tell them to collaborate on a movie script , and you will end up with this movie or something very similar . The only good thing I can say about this film is that maybe the movies statements on modern society have some redeeming value -LRB- if you did n't realize the world was a violent , scary place before seeing this film -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I bought this movie based off a few reviews i read ... , man was I really dissapointed . This mvie was a poor man 's Natural Born Killers , Oliver Stone has nothing to fear with this movie . I am a Rose Mcgowan fan , however seeing her naked was not enuff to save this movie . Rent it first or check for an auction bargain ... !
 A film that will primarily appeal to the less intelligent and more emotionally disturbed fans of Tank Girl . There is such a thing as good `` depraved '' art , but this is not an example of it . It 's just silly . The cinematic equivalent of a spoiled , yappy , 15-year-old riot `` grrl '' with an IQ of 63 on heroin .
 Painful experience watching this film
 I rented this movie basically because of the fact that it touted itself as a `` road flick , '' a genre that I 'm usually a fan of . I 'll admit the gratuitous violence in the beginning had me laughing just because of how corny it was presented , but this wore itself out several minutes later . The film tries to loosely have some kind of `` hell '' theme by continuously referring to $ 6.66 as payment for different items they buy along the way . We get it . You did n't have to do it 7 times . I was n't sure exactly what theme the writer was trying to convey , but it does n't matter because the story it was based on was so bad anyway . The filmmakers try to use shocking visuals and group sex to -LRB- I guess -RRB- grab the attention of the audience , which is good because it diverts that attention away from the terrible story that 's going on . Do n't waste your time .
 I am
 There is some decent acting in this movie but aside from that , it 's complete garbage . I hate it all the more for trying so hard to be hip and in-your-face . It almost dares you to hate it if only to cover up for its consistent lack of quality . I do n't hate this movie because it 's shocking , I hate it because it thinks it 's so shocking .
 I could make a list of 50 reasons why this movie is the worst road movie ever made . The first one is probably the fact there 's no story . It 's supposed to be a road movie and they spend quite some time on a car but they go nowhere , they are not afraid . They kill but they are never caught , never really worried . In the middle of the movie we hear about the polcie but we never hear of them again . The movie in itself is very repetitive
 A friend and I were talking recently and he brought up a fairly valid point . That point is related to independent film and the fact that it is , in some respect , quite overrated . Before 1996 , there were independent films but there were n't as many as today . These independent films did n't get much notice because no one knew what they were . But after indies swept the oscars for 1996 , movie studios went nuts by signing on independent film actors and directors and setting up film production companies . Now to be honest , lots of independent film is overrated . They do have something to say , but some of them just suck . They can get compulsively boring with stories you just do n't want to know about . Film schools have scores of film school grads eager to make independent films for their shot in . I guiltily admit I 'm one of them , but I want to go commercial too and attempt to make movies people will like . Now , for an independent film like `` The Doom Generation '' , this film was just bad , disgusting , and undeniably gross . The story goes nowhere , if there is a story . It 's awful . I really ca n't describe a plot because there is n't one , just like the director 's `` Nowhere '' in which the title says it all despite boasting a lot of familiar people . Newsweek and the NY Post said it was a great film . What film ? There was n't a plot , it was just a waste of celluloid . If you want to see something good , do n't see this .
 The most boring movie I 've ever seen . Enough has been said around here . Dont waste your time or money . Supposed to be shocking . It is n't , its just plain .
 This is , without a doubt , one of THE worst movies I have ever seen -LRB- and I 've seen a lot of bad movies -RRB- . While at first I was disgusted with what an impotent idiot James Duval must be , I then realized that I had no one to blame but myself ... no one held me down and made me watch this . I do get a little laugh out of the fact that someone actually edited this piece of ... and thought that this was good . All I can say is that I 'm glad I watched it on cable ... at least I did n't pay to want to open a vein .
 Well I bought the VHS version of this film for three bucks at half price books because while I was glancing over the back I noticed that it was directed by Gregg Araki . I am not what you would call an Araki fan just because I had only seen one mof his other films before this one , Mysterious Skin . I happened to absolutly love that film , I really didnt know of Araki 's other works so when I saw that Araki made `` The Doom Generation '' I was excited to see how this film compared to `` Mysterious Skin '' ... After veiwing `` The Doom Generation '' I can conclude that this film is in no where near as good as `` Mysterious Skin '' . I thought that the way the this film was shot was kind of cool and unique but I also thought that the camera angles and all-around visuals were somewhat hard to see , the lack of lighting made some of the shots so dark that you could only see the make-up on the girls face.The acting was substantial at most . All three of the main charactors did OKAY during the sex scenes but seemed somewhat lacking during the scenes where they were just driving around or talking.The screenplay was very unique and could have been pretty good but I think that the movie put in so much of the run time into the sex scenes and focused on them so much that the short film -LRB- about 80 mins -RRB- did not have enough time to develop a plot and explain in more detail why the girl was known as `` Sunshine '' as well as a few other important details . In the end the screenplay just seemed like a jumbled and very confusing mess.Though everything in the film was either unexplained or just plain dumb I found myself pretty involved in what was happening as well as what was going to happen.I think that if the film ran about 2 hours , had three times the budget and had a script that explained things a bit better than it did , then it would have been a pretty good flick ... If you want to see a good Araki flick than you should see `` Mysterious Skin '' . It had some outstanding acting , A well thought out and memorable screenplay & some stand out directoral efforts ... I also know that Araki made another film called `` Totally Fu * ked up ! '' that I have not yet seen.Grade
 did n't like it , blood did n't look real , i 'd pass
 I wo n't say too much about this movie . To do so would give it respect . Saw this in the theatre . Poor plot , poor movement , poor writing . You get the idea . Waste of time .
 Doom Generation is a blank . If you watch it , you will be wasting time and money . Natural Born Killers is much better in every category than this flop , which is one of the worst films I have ever seen . 666 repeated ? Head flying off ? Shearing body parts ? Yes , all here . Unfortunately , this movie has pathetic characters , dialogue , and script . It 's too bad that people as talentless as this director get to make movies while skilled directors like Sean Penn have to struggle to direct movies . This movie is pitiful in every sense of the word . If you watch this movie , you will never forgive yourself ... you may even lose brain cells in the course of the experience . I would give this negative stars , but , unfortunately , that was not an option.If you want violence done in a psychedelic way , watch Natural Born Killers . Better yet watch A Clockwork Orange . Ultimately , my advice is this
 i love indie movies , but this ... i cant even describe it ... . I felt 100 times dumber after watching it !
 The Doom Generation is one of those movies like Natural Born Killers that has an interesting premise and approach . But it makes its point very quickly during the first few minutes and then proceeds to pummel it into the ground until the viewer is eventually exhausted and could care less . While this worked to Natural Born Killers ' advantage -LRB- due to the fact that Oliver Stone is a REAL film maker -RRB- , it made The Doom Generation quite a chore to sit through.Writer / director Greg Araki has made yet another one of his films about troubled teens doing drugs and screwing at any and every opportunity . He seems to have made a career out of this -LRB- along with fellow independent filmmaker Larry Clark -RRB- . He also seems to really like showing teenage sex in as many ways as possible.The plot -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- involves a couple of teenagers named Amy Blue -LRB- Rose McGowan -RRB- and Jordan White -LRB- James Duval -RRB- who basically live a life of doing crystal-meth , attending raves and frequently having unprotected sex . Jordan is slow , dim-witted and basically dumb while Amy thinks she has it all together and is fairly quick with scathing remarks . While outside of a club one night , a fight breaks out in the parking lot right in front of Amy 's car where her and Jordan have been fooling around in the backseat . All of a sudden , one of the fight participants named Xavier Red -LRB- Jonathon Schaech -RRB- jumps into Amy 's car and immediately asks them to get the hell out of there . Xavier has been cut and Amy then proceeds to gripe about him bleeding all over her seats . It is quickly implied that Xavier is bisexual and he has equal sexual interest in both Amy and Jordan . While at a convenience store picking up junk food , the oriental store owner pulls a shotgun on Amy & Jordan since he thinks they are trying to leave without paying even though she just left her money in the car . Xavier intervenes and holds back the store owner and accidentally pulls the trigger , blowing the owner 's head clean off . The head lands in the salad bar and starts jabbering and spewing up nasty green stuff . They grab all the beer and food they can and leave.While at a rundown hotel , they find out on the news that they were captured by survelliance cameras in the store and are wanted for murder . After Xavier pleasures himself while secretly watching Amy and Jordan having sex in a bathtub , he quickly asks them if they want to go get some food -LRB- this comes after a disgusting closeup shot of Xavier licking his own semen off of his hand -RRB- . They go to some fast food joint , and the guy working the drive-through window seems to think that Amy is one of his ex-girlfriends and proceeds to pull a shotgun on her and her entourage . They quickly drive off , but the weird guy follows them back to their hotel and threatens to blow off Jordan 's head unless he tells him where Amy is . -LRB- Amy and Xavier are out having sex in her car BTW . -RRB- Xavier jumps on the guy and proceeds to accidentally blow the guy 's arm off.Basically from this point on , the movie just keeps repeating itself . They show up at a new place , someone thinks they recognize Amy , some graphic violence ensues , and everyone ends up having some more intense -LRB- and unprotected -RRB- sex.It 's painfully obvious that Greg Araki is trying to make out like the characters are trapped in hell . Everytime they buy something , the cash registers always rings up the price being 6 dollars and 66 cents . 666 , get it ?!! Xavier is also supposed to represent the devil apparently . At one point he mentions that he has a tattoo of Jesus on his penis so `` that everyone can have Jesus inside of them . '' The movie also relies on the color red for most of its backdrops . This would be alright if the movie was n't so underlit and filmed with some of the grainiest film stock known to man -LRB- and this was the DVD version ! -RRB- . The movie tries to be a dark portrait of America 's youth , but the movie just seemed like an excuse for Greg Araki to pile on the sex and violence in an attempt to cover up how stupid and pointless his movie really is . His preoccupation with teenage sex is also a little creepy -LRB- similarities to Larry Clark , the director of Kids and Bully abound -RRB- . While there is a lot of sex in the movie , a lot of it is shot from the waist up and the dialogue itself is more extreme than the actual sex . There are a couple of instances that are pretty sick but most of the movie is n't nowhere near as explicit as its reputation would lead you to believe , despite it being unrated . Some have said that some of the sex in the movie was n't simulated , but since we ca n't really see down that far during the majority of the sex scenes I guess we 'll never know for sure . The scene though in the bathtub where Rose is getting it on with James Duvall seems to be pretty real . In some respects , it does make the sex scenes a bit more erotic as it focuses a bit more on the actor 's performances & faces and not just on the explicit details of the sexual act itself . But still , with the movie being unrated , they should have just gone all out with the sex and shown a lot more as this is the film 's only saving grace to a certain extent.The cast does about as much as they can with the limited characters , but they all end up giving one-note performances . It 's not really their fault since there 's some genuinely talented actors present . Rose McGowan in particular does a very credible job considering how much of a limited character she is given to play . I thought that she was extremely convincing and , most importantly , very sexy . Jonathon Schaech also does some good work as he probably has the most to work with as his character Xavier is essentially just a manipulator . He has since gone onto bigger things , his break-out role being in Tom Hank 's film That Thing You Do . James Duvall is as bland and pointless as every single film that I have seen him in.Most people will probably rent this movie strictly to see Rose McGowan nude , but most of her nudity involves her just being topless -LRB- which is still alright by me -RRB- . There 's a brief butt shot , but unfortunately no full-frontal . But for fans of the sexy actress , this will more than likely suffice quite nicely . I do n't think she has looked quite this hot in any of her other films . Her breasts are truly a national treasure . She has a beauty that is truly hypnotic and it 's a shame that she has since had to take a cheasy acting gig on the television Charmed.The movie has a really cheap look to it that makes some scenes difficult to tell what 's really happening . It literally looks like they spent maybe 500 dollars making this movie at various points . The gore effects are pretty cheap looking as well . The direction is also just as pointless as the plot.Basically , The Doom Generation ends up getting dragged down by its own excesses . It tries too hard to be shocking , vile and disgusting to the point that it quickly just gets numbing and extremely pointless after a few minutes . I initially liked the concept and approach but quickly realized that movie was going to fail to deliver on any level whatsoever.Some people might defend this movie , saying that I completely missed the point . But it just seemed to be trying to be ugly just for ugly 's sake . There is no point to the movie at all . By the last scene which involved some homophobic skinheads wearing socks on their penises -LRB- ! -RRB- while castrating Jordan with hedgeclippers and raping Amy , I had quit caring about the movie and the characters quite a long time ago , which was actually near the beginning of the film.Even if you 're just wanting to check out Rose McGowan in the buff -LRB- and she does look great I might add -RRB- , trudging through this movie is n't worth the effort.Did this movie get nominated for any Razzies when it originally came out ? It not it should have most definitely swept them in virtually every single category it would have been eligible for.The Doom Generation is not rated and contains pervasive strong sexual content , nudity , explicit dialogue , graphic violence and gore.I should point out that the unrated version is 13 minutes longer than the butchered 72 minute R-rated cut . If you should choose to subject yourself to this cinematic atrocity , seek out the 85 minute unrated version .
 Do n't judge a film by the bands on its soundtrack . Doom Generation includes songs by early-90 's art-rock giants like Lush , Cocteau Twins and Jesus and Mary Chain , but the film has little else to recommend it . Boring , arch and unfunny , it 's the sort of movie you might keep watching because you think it HAS to get better . It does n't . I 'm a big fan of subversive cinema , and this aint it.The 3 principal actors give fine performances , considering the godawful material . The DVD edition contains no bonus material , is not widescreen ; sound and image quality are comparable to VHS .
 First off , web reviews are innately biased , as the only people who vote are those who care enough to bother . They either love it , or hate it . It 's the same for any product reviewed here . Going on to the movie , it 's not intelligent . It 's not witty , insightful , or over the top to prove it 's greater point . It 's over the top to be naughty , so much that the director and his defenders can claim that those who do n't get the movie are either idiots , close minded , or sheep . I 've seen this movie three times , and every time it got worse . I 've now hated this movie on a visceral level , on an intellectual level , and on a pure level of how it was constructed . Basically , this is brainless pap , that oozes it 's awfulness from every level I can think of . It 's a movie so in love with it 's edginess , that it becomes self mockery . And for those who say that 's the point of the movie , I 've tried to give Greg Arraki a chance . From what I 've seen , he 's not even intelligent enough to work one level of meaning into a movie , much less making a movie that 's entirely satire .
 The Doom Generation -LRB- Gregg Araki , 1995 -RRB- There are two types of people who have seen The Doom Generation
 It 's almost bad to the point of being funny.It 's almost a parody of indie movies . Actors staring into space saying lines like `` life is boring '' . Shots into the windshield of a car while the vixen in black sunglasses dives through the desert . Shallow one-dimensional bad guys , even shallower nihilistic bisexual club kids . . It has it all . Perhaps if I was 20 years old , went to art school , and did a lot of X I 'd find it amazing.I 'm tacking on a star just for the beauty of the actors/actresses , and the general style of the film . Everyone did look super cool . It 's like an issue of Raygun magazine come to life .
 I have heard that in order to fully appreciate this film , one must see the unedited version , which restores at least ten minutes of footage . Unless those ten minutes somehow manage to provide character development , competent direction , literate dialogue , and appealing actors , no amount of `` lost footage '' could possibly save this tragic waste . Way , way overlong , even at 75 minutes , this film has no direction whatsoever unless one considers trendy nihilism and utter banality proper destinations for film . I must say that this is the most arrogant film ever made because it assumes that people are so desperate to be entertained that they would throw away a good hour and a half in order to be repelled , disgusted , offended , and humiliated . Any people who claim that this film peeks into the underbelly of society make one key mistake
 yet another homosexual `` artist '' who makes the arrogant claim that beneath the facade of all heterosexuals lies a raging homosexual waiting to burst forth . Sick , demented , ugly , pointless film will appeal only to those who believe `` angry '' is synonomous with `` brilliant '' and the inclusion of graphic violence is somehow revolutionary or ultra-hip . Get a clue Generation X , you do not have the abilities in the filmmaking departnment . Please , for all of us , go back to flipping burgers .
 Gregg Araki has a near-limitless arsenal of unpleasantness ; just when you think this movie could n't get any worse , Araki takes you a notch lower . Disgusting and meaningless .
 The Doom Generation -LRB- directed and written by Gregg Araki -RRB- is as close to worthless a film as I have seen . Utterly unredeemable and only marked with outrageous visual perversion to break up the boredom . Mr. Araki certainly suffers from a sickness of the soul and his `` New Queer '' filmmaking is destined for the dustbin of history .
 I saw this movie about 5 years ago , and it still holds the as-of-yet undisputed title as the single worst film I 've ever seen . The acting is horrendous and the script consists of nothing more than meaningless dialogue coupled with a truly laughable attempt at symbolism . For example , almost every number that appears in the movie is 666
 I never fall asleep on a movie before . I have more talent than the director of this boring and rabid film . Its laking originality , direction , actors , craft ... and so on ... I must go now ... It makes me sleepy just thinking about it ...
 Like the cast itself , this movie is so self-conscious and surface-obsessed , that it fails to impart anything meaningful or memorable . Even the `` big ending '' is horrifying in attempts to be humorous and vice versa . In short , utterly exhausting . In fairness , Araki 's `` The Living End '' is much more honest and engaging .
 While this is n't the worst gay-themed film I 've ever seen , it 's the most unpleasant . Greg Araki has always been a master of crummy , over-the-top filmmaking . But this time , he goes beyond over-the-top . There is one scene , in which a Chinese store manager has his head blown off . He screams when the gun is pointed at him , and when his head lands in some food , he 's still screaming . Believe it or not , that 's what Araki considers humor . This one scene sums up what 's wrong with the whole film . `` The Doom Generation '' tries to do for `` Natural Born Killers '' and `` Kalifornia '' what `` The Living End '' did for `` Thelma & Louise '' . It only succeeds only because this and `` The Living End '' are both horrible movies . The story concerns a young couple named Amy Blue and Jordan White , who pick up a hunky hitchhiker named Xavier Red , who is being chased by redneck thugs -LRB- Red , White , and Blue , GET IT ? HAHAHAHAHA ! -RRB- . They wind up being led into a life of crime by him , and jumping in the sack by him -LRB- SURPRISE ! -RRB- , while mouthing dumb jokes and coping tired hipness and phony attitude . There are some prominent actors -LRB- Parker Posey , Margaret Cho , and others -RRB- who briefly pop in the movie for no appearant reason . There are some more killings , crimes , blah , blah , blah . The only redeeming quality here is that the acting is pretty good , better than the film deserves . Rose McGowan has an ironic comic edge as the sultry femme ' fatale ' , and James Duval is well-cast as her immature , dim-witted boyfriend . Jonathan Schaech does surprisingly well as the leader of the trio , though all he gets to do is either fly into psychotic rages or strut his gym-buffed pecs and abs . Thankfully , the leads managed to rise above the muck and mire of the material and have successful careers . But that wo n't benefit the unfortunate people who waste their money on this movie .
 If you like bad dialogue , bad acting , and bad directing , then this is the film for you . The characters are brainless and annoying . The plot is pointless and unfocused . I did n't care what happened to anyone in this film . I only watched it to the end because I had nothing else to do . Even the appearance of Parker Posey could not save this film .
 Three moronic kids drive around doing drugs , killing , and having pointless sex . The acting could get no worse , and the film lacks a plot . The only thing worth seeing in this film is Rose McGowan . Parker Posey also loses cool points for her unfortunate cameo .
 There 's a Village People movie on TV right now , starring Steve Guttenberg . I own the Doom Generation on VHS . I 'm watching the Village People movie anyway . What does that tell you?Six Dollars and Sixty-Six cents . Please pay now .
 This is on my short list of movies never to see . It is not only horrible ; it is disturbing . It will bother you . You will wish you never saw it . Also on the list
 Where do i start ?? This movie is an embarassment to black people ! This was stupid and not funny.What got me was at the end of the movie , the actors tried to get serious and started to act in a drama type way when kevin harts girlfriend child got tooken away.I was in disbelief !!! After a hour in a half of brain dead comedy it twisted at the end and fell flat .
 I ' did n't find this funny at all . I can see why it went straight to DVD .
 With such a talented cast , They All should be Embarassed to put out such a poor product ! It actually makes some of the most gifted funny people I 've seen , appear as though this was their first appearance on screen.So Much potential , Such a waste ... Literally not even worth the 5 $ I paid for it !!!!!!!
 This movie was ridiculously corny ! David Allen Grier was the only true funny person in the movie . Russ Parr tried way to hard . There were too many parodies -LRB- training day , white women and nba players , scareface and a couple more that was too far gone . My advice to you is do n't spend your hard earned money on this . Your thought might be that because he directed the Last Stand that this one will be equally watchable but believe me ITS NOT ! A terrible disappointment . A major let down .
 This is absolutely one of the worst movies that I have EVER seen , and I 've seen a LOT of movies . Every actor here 's talent is completely wasted on a ridiculous and buffoonish script . This is the kind of movie that sets Black film making back 100 years . The actors should have been ashamed to make something this horrible , but I guess money talks and integrity walks ... Please do n't buy this movie and promote this kind of idiocy , if Hollywood believes that we like and will watch this type of imbecilic nonsense they will only make more . Watch the trailers if you do n't believe me and see for yourself .
 i have seen this episode before and it is my favorite of the whole series so you can imagine my disappointment when i downloaded it and all it did was skip and stop every 5 to 10 seconds the entire episode . it was very irritating and made it impossible to follow the dialogue .
 Even when they regularly borrow material from the Simpsons , the laughs are few and far between on South Park . But the award for the worst episode is when Kenny dies . Get animation on the cutting edge ; buy a Family Guy DVD .
 Anyone that would buy this knows what to expect ... the cartoons are hilarious.Unfortunately , I am very disappointed with this DVD set . The sound is very quiet , so you 'll have to crank your volume . The video is TERRIBLE ... . how can you screw up transferring computer animation to DVD !?!??! The outlines of the characters appear speckled in many places and I 've seen other complaints about the video being over compressed . The picture is what I 'd expect to see if somebody made a 3rd generation VHS copy of the program ... it 's that bad and THAT noticible.I 'll not buy another southpark DVD set , not until they start doing a better job with the transfers .
 The show is fantastic , would rate 5 stars . The audio on this dvd set however , really deserves a 0 . Be prepared to crank your receivers to the limit to hear the show ! Plus , I am really steamed that since Warner decided to not allow the commentary for season one unless it was edited , that Matt and Trey did n't bother to do anything for this box , and most likely never will again . I always wondered why there was no commentary for the film then heard Matt and Trey were upset with Paramount and did n't do it out of spite . Nice going Warner , I wanted to hear them discuss episodes like the classic `` Not Without My Anus '' !!!
 So I could n't wait for this movie to come out ! I did n't know what to expect , I just could n't wait to have another CUBE movie with ` traped ' rooms -LRB- like the original -RRB- . ACK ! What did they do ! Why !? one third of the movie is spent outside the cube . Very few clips were actually inside the cube ! I wanted more Cube action than I did anything else ! I require more cube - thus the name of the movie . More like `` Cube - zero parts are inside '' . The special effects were not great ... the acting - Oh please , put some feeling into it ! The lines were bad . Just bad . They had me baffled . The end was a totaly WRONG and bad twist ... Its like a love story except the girl hates the guy and suddenly loves him after he 's ` missing ' - for some reason ... Some characters were SO corney . Do you know what ... . no . The only reason I give this a 2 is because the parts inside the cube had my attenchen a little . Characters do n't last long , though . And there ar n't many to start with ... Characters inside the cube were not even developed . The math is basicly the same - except letters . Sad things . You do n't watch the people inside figure anything out -LRB- correctly -RRB- Then the letters go away ... This movie needs to get better like , yesterday .
 After seeing Cube Zero , I must say STOP ALL CUBE SEQUELS NOW ! Cube is just one of those movies that does not need a sequel . Cube 2
 Cube Zero -LRB- Ernie Barbarash , 2004 -RRB- NOTE
 The first Cube film is good , despite some cheesy acting , it is a good simple film . Then came a long the abomination Cube 2 Hypercube ... then the movie Cube Zero , and the creator promises a better film than Hypercube . It 's not a better film , and it is super boring . It feels like a sci-fi channel original movie , and the acting if horrible . It 's worse than acting in Farscape . . well it 's close ... please , for people that like the original , do not view this film . Just keep liking the original and do not watch this movie .
 Talentless direction , amatuerish turgid acting , an insipid incondite script that will make your brain bleed , cheap thrills and special effects worthy of Sci Fi channel garbage . There are no surprises and not a second of suspense or anything of any redeeming value to recommend this . Watch the brilliant nightmarish original ` CUBE ' and avoid this big Zero at all costs .
 I do n't even know where to begin.The film 's concept was well-conceived but poorly executed . The acting was beyond horrible , sometimes even unbearable . When the talent faltered in the original Cube , the simplicity and dimension of the film made up for it . That 's not the case with this one . Cube 2 was no monumental classic either , however , it was at least mildly entertaining and pleasant to look at even if it does hold so little weight it 's not worth remembering.If you like typical Sci-Fi Channel -LRB- or SyFy as it now calls itself -RRB- fare , complete with cheesiness , overdone special effects , predictibility , actors practically being fed their lines , and an overall feeling that you 've just been robbed when you 're done watching the film , you will LOVE Cube Zero .
 If you found your way to this movie you probably watched the original Cube . What a great movie that was . People getting chopped up in interesting ways , the isolation , desperation , group dynamics , sci-fi big brother element , and the whole metaphor for modern life elements . Wow.However , riding on that success was Cube 2
 It occurs to me that the previous reviewers have missed the point of Cube Zero . This is a comic book view of the idea . Look at the control room with its wires and gizmos , two regular Joes doing their jobs in overalls and very dim lighting . The Chess wiz gives away the comic book motif with his drawings of superheroes . Mysterious overlords and archaic elevators mixed with ultra high tech killing devices inside the cube maze . All that is missing are thought balloons and men in tights.That said , I find it a step sideways , if not backwards . Mixing various doses of Terry Gilliam , Batman , Twilight Zone and X Files , the resulting stew lacks the necessary hot sauce to satisfy the palate . The ethical debate within the film is a stale distillation of George Orwell 's dystopia Britain tinged with an Ayn Rand hangover.In short , it takes itself too seriously to be enjoyable . The characters within the Cube this time are paper thin ; their duty is to die in grisly manners . The two characters in the control room are fleshed out , yet superfluous.The ending is intended to tie into Cube itself , with thick layers of irony , but it was uncovnincing to me . Overall , I find Cube 2 the best of the series -LRB- I know , I 'm strictly in the minority on this view -RRB- , Cube runs a tight second , and Cube Zero a distant third . The inevitable 4th installment will have to go far deeper into the whys and wherefores of this strange America in order to keep the tale going . I 'll gladly stay tuned , no matter my distaste for this current episode .
 Ok . If you like to have endings to your films and like some sort of logic in your films then this Cube is n't for you . If you like open-ended films and do n't want to know why things work and how it ends , then it might be to your liking.This was better than Cube2 . But that 's not saying much . I agree with another poster that the scenes in the cube look more professional and the ones outside the cube look for Sci-fi Channel movie like . Which is bad.I also like to see the little guys win so that is another reason why I disliked Cube3 and Cube2 . I ca n't remember Cube1.The special effects are decent . And that 's the only good thing .
 this movie was simply horrible!in the original Cube , you were left wondering about the mysterious operators of The Cube . In this version , you get to see some of them.what ruins this movie is that it 's so schizophrenic . the scenes inside the Cube have a similar level of suspense and tension as the original , then we switch to the scenes with the operators , and it goes into total schlock -LRB- think of any bad made for Sci-Fi channel movie -RRB- . It 's almost like they picked two completely different directors to do this movie . How could anyone as goofy and incompetent as the `` supervisor '' and his henchmen be in control of this super-high secret technology?what if aliens were revealed to be a bunch of pranksters in cheap rubber suits who liked to abduct and stick probes in people ? sure it would solve the mystery , but it 's just not the type of explaination that you were led to expect . that 's the same feeling i got from Cube Zero .
 this is a STUPID movie ! tho a lot of people may not have liked any of the other cube movies , this one is by far the worst of them all ! i liked cube 2
 `` Cube Zero '' mearly satisfied my curiousity about what existed outside the CUBE but still leaves a lot of questions unanswered . Perhaps `` CUBE 4 '' will answer these questions ... someday . Try renting it first .
 i watched the original cube . This is just telling you what was done to get it all started . The charaters are almost Exact to the ones in the cube . Seem like the exact same move different title . id rent it first . They added one or two details but for the most part its the same .
 This reality show was a landmark TV show.It had never been done before -- following a family , warts and all , with TV cameras.It had recently been shown on PBS -- I missed it.Was thrilled to see it in a DVD.BUT BUT no where on the order page did it say that this was a summary of the show.IT IS NOT THE WHOLE SERIES . The whole series ran about 20 hours -- this runs two.Buyer beware .
 This DVD did n't even have a chance to be good . It was recorded at a large theater with a massive audience instead of at the two stages at iO . Instead of mic-ing the stage ... they 've decided to litter the stage with stand up microphones and mic stands . That leads to scenes where acting/stagework is n't even attempted , or it leads to scenes where people run around in the background until they have a funny thing to say , which they do by walking up towards the front of the stage and saying it into the mic like some weird spelling bee . It 's not very condusive for the stage or improv . And its perplexing seeing as this is a night that is supposed to be celebrating and demonstrating improv from people who are masters at the craft.It 's a trainwreck of an evening with maybe a handful of amusing moments . If you want to see improv on DVD , this is n't it , I think the only thing available is ASSSSCAT . If you 're a huge fan of improv and are absolutely too curious to stay away , please do yourself a favor and netflix it ... and even then you 'll be disappointed with how the evening went and how there are zero special features , no bonus performances set in the actual io theater , no small documentary about iO , how it was formed or anything . There 's some fluff interviews with the stars interspersed throughout the evenings footage , but its more of a wedding video like montage with no real information , just people saying ` congrats ' into the camera.Seriously , do n't be tricked into thinking this is even close to what it should be .
 I was looking for good comedy and thought '' Mike Myers , Andy Richter , Andy Dick '' do n't think I can go wrong with this one . Well , I did . It was very boring . Maybe 5 minutes of funny and two chuckles in the whole thing . Having watched plenty of `` Who 's line '' with it 's semi-improv stuff and always laughing , I guess I was expecting too much . Do n't waste your time or money on this one if what you want is real entertainment .
 This DVD wasnt as enjoyable as I thought it would be , throwing a lot of people together who dont normally work together was bad . If you have to choose between this DVD and ASSSSCAT ! then go with asssscat . I think the shining stars of this DVD were the UCB guys and with asssscat you get all of them all the time . Ill admit that Im biased because Im with UCB but we have a lot of respect for IO and they are the only school we let cross over into UCB for classes . Like I said if you are going to choose go with asssscat , the commentary is also great for small little tips in asssscat . This wasnt terrible but it was a let down .
 this show is alot of great people who could n't get insync at all . The scenes were all pretty terrible . Andy Richter , god bless him , even admitted how painful the show was at the end of the show .
 I love this movie and yes I have this copy . The Reason for 1 star is that they cut scenes that made this movie cool.I have the Original Laser disc copy and the reason I got this copy was the dubbing , -LRB- Which Sucks -RRB- . HERE ARE THE SCENES THEY CUT OFF . They actualy cut of the Scene when Samo cuts the girls hand off . -LRB- I have a copy when it realy shows it comes off -RRB- Then the fight scenes was arange difffently . And they begining of the film has the flag pole scene cut off.And many more scenes ws remove . All I can say is that SHAME ON ON THIS PUBLISHER TO REDITED the movie.This sucks .
 the only reason i rate the movie one because i cant give it a zeroworst movie ever madedont waste your money on it
 Bad , bad , bad . Lame martial arts . The characters actually shout out `` gooks ! '' at one point in the film . No joke . DO N'T buy this .
 Although it has a couple of good actors the movie itself was very poorly done with a lot of work needed on the speech syncronization . The action was slow and unrealistic .
 I will give this movie two stars because of the scene with the hot dogs . I can not believe that anyone would give `` nothing but trouble '' five stars . Did they watch the entire movie ? I will say that if you have never seen this movie , rent it , or wait for it to come on Comedy Central , because it is a spectacle to watch and you will form an opinion of it after watching it . I can also -LRB- I have never tried this -RRB- but I just thought of it
 Purely mindless , but not even in a funny way . The plot , characters , and jokes were awful . If you want to spend a rainy afternoon with a silly movie , try something like Dumb & Dumber or maybe Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back . At least the jokes in those movies have punchlines.Leonard Maltin called this movie `` Stupefyingly unwatchable '' and I agree .
 More than I want to write a review warning people about this movie , I want to drop everyone who gave this movie 5 stars off at the psycho ward . Who could enjoy a movie that I would have walked out on if I had had my own car ? -LRB- I was there with friends -RRB- Who could enjoy a movie that sickened me , bored and actually made me depressed for hours afterward ? Who could enjoy a movie that I still feel scarred by ten years later ? I mean , I 've seen alot of movies ; liked and disliked alot of movies but none come close to being the unutterable , cinematic abortion this movie rolls on and on and on to become . It 's awful , awful , awful for reasons I 've blocked out of my brain to keep me sane . If you think you have to see it just to see HOW bad it can be -- DO N'T ! It 's that bad ! It will scar you like coming across a horrible accident scene -- for life !
 Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad BadBad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad Bad and awful.Really . I 'm not kidding
 Dan Ackroyd has sure had a wide ranging movie career . He has done the brilliant roles in `` Trading Places '' , `` Ghostbusters '' , and several others . However , he has also laid some eggs such as `` Dr. Detroit '' and this very strange work . On the whole , I think he has done more good work than bad . I know he has his detractors , but I like him and enjoy his work even when it is as odd as this thing . While this movie only did $ 8.5 million in box office in 1991 , it has become a staple on cable TV and is all but unavoidable.This thing , however , is hard to fathom . The story makes little sense . Chevy Chase and some friends get stopped for a very minor traffic violation and face imprisonment , death , and a forced marriage to a crazy old man 's mute and huge -LRB- John Candy -RRB- granddaughter.The sets are all a mess . I know it is supposed to be a kind of junkyard from hell , but still , everything is a mess . And would n't someone begin to question all the human bones lying about in piles?Still , the movie has its moments . The very image of Ackroyd as the impossibly disgusting Judge Valkenheiser is unforgettable . The scene with the Digital Underground and the Judge 's playing a fake little organ riff is pretty memorable . I never understood the fake nose and glasses of the lead rapper of that group -LRB- Humpty Hump ? -RRB- . Note
 This is one of the worse movies ever and I really ca n't believe that these great stars are in this movie . I liked it when I was younger but once I 've re-watched it I realize why my parents despise this movie . Even though it has some stuff not for kids , I think kids will enjoy this title more then adults .
 This film was a complete waste of fine comedic talent . Dan Ackroyd is practically unrecognizable in his heavy makeup and is not funny at all ; he 's grotesquely unwatchable . If you 've watched this film on one of the cable channels , you probably either changed the channel or turned your TV set off . The movie is not the least bit funny or entertaining .
 Why on earth anyone involved actually went through with making this movie is beyond me . I generally can go for dark humor . This movie is not funny , nor believable , nor redeeming in anyway . As the movie unfolds , rather than laighing at the strange characters presented , I was put off by some of the bizarre twisted portrayals.I suspect someone got a speeding ticket in a small town and wrote this to rant and rave and make a statement about it . Save your money ! Rent it first if you must before blowing any more money on this stinker .
 If you are a movie fan this one rates right up there . However , `` there '' is on the list of all-time worst movies . The only thing amazing about this film is how a good cast can make such a terrible film . Do n't waste your time on this one . By the way , I gave it one star because there was no choice lower than that !
 This film opened at the same time as Silence of the Lambs . I opted for it instead and I hold Dan Ackroyd personally responsible for my missing that great film in its initial run so I could see this piece of garbage . I chuckled twice . Once when Chase saw Demi Moore 's legs and said `` Give me the keys '' . The second time was when the rap group was performing and Ackroyd started playing the piano . This movie was terrible . Absolute pits . Movies the Last Seduction do n't get released but this does . Ugh ! What a waste of time . Because of this film I no longer watch Ackroyd movies .
 This movie is horrible ! I would put it into the genre of `` pseudo-comedy '' , meaning it tries to be funny , but just is n't . Its one of those movies that you laugh once at during the entire showing , and then at the end you turn to the person next to you , and say `` what the hell was all that about ? '' I did n't do that I watched it alone , just saying that if you were with someone else !
 All they wanted was to get to Atlantic City . But we ca n't always get what we want . Financial publisher Chris Thorne -LRB- Chevy Chase -RRB- certainly ca n't . When his new crush Diane -LRB- Demi Moore -RRB- , an investment attorney , has to rush to Atlantic City to stop a client from making a big mistake , Chris decides to play chauffeur , and obnoxious South American `` Brazillionaires '' Fausto and Renalda tag along - unfortunately . They soon decide to take a `` scenic route '' and wind up in Valkenvania , a hellish speed trap off the New Jersey Turnpike . After moving and speeding violations , the foursome are hauled off to the town 's crazy courthouse , run by crazy 106-year-old Judge Alvin Valkenheiser -LRB- Dan Akroyd -RRB- , his grandson Dennis -LRB- John Candy -RRB- , and his large-and-in-charge granddaughter Eldona . Soon Chris and Diane are running for their lives through the Judge 's little funhouse of moving walls , bats , and a cannibalistic roller coaster named Mister Bonestripper . Chevy Chase is perfect as the protaganist who just wants what he came for , and Demi Moore is his perfect compliment . Dan Akroyd and John Candy are a hoot in not one but two crazy roles each .
 My wife and I went to see this film at the theater when it was first released . We thought that with a cast that included Chevy Chase , Dan Akroyd , John Candy , etc , we could n't miss . Boy , were we wrong ! The movie starts out ok but goes downhill fast and never slows down . The acting is the least of it 's problems . If it were n't for the cast , this could very well be MST3K material -LRB- if MST3K was still in production -RRB- . It 's not just silliness , but juvenile , inane silliness . What a waste of a good cast ! Oh , in case you were still wondering , I would n't recommend this movie to anyone . It is possibly the worst mass-market movie of the 1990 's . I regret that I had to give it one star . Negative stars would be in order for this one .
 This is the fist time I have ever felt strongly enough about a movie to write a review -- I bought this movie just so I could show people how no other movie could be worse than this . When I saw this movie the first time , I could n't believe it . It was like a trainwreck at which I could n't help stairing ! There are so many big names in the cast I just had to believe that at some point it was going to turn around and get better . I still ca n't believe it but - IT DID N'T ! Why did they do it ? Why did they release it ? How did it go so bad ? Maybe they just had fun making it or doing acid when they wrote , directed or acted in it . Maybe it 's better if you watch it stoned . You just have to see it to believe it !
 Nothing But Trouble is one of the worst Chevy Chase movies that I 've ever seen . I love dark comedies but this is definitely NOT a comedy and NOT for little kids . It should be classified as a horror movie . Viewers beware . This is not even worth a rental . You want a fantastic dark comedy , check out Death Becomes Her .
 I would give this movie NO stars if they would let me ! My husband and I have gone to the movies every week , for years and years . Sometimes more than once a week . We have only walked out of a theater on two movies in 15 years and this was one of them ! Need I say more ! Not funny and just plain stupid . It 's surprising that we hated it so much , since we are John Candy and Chevy Chase fans .
 * WARNING
 It 's always
 Dan Aykroyd was one of the most inventive writer/performers on the original `` Saturday Night Live . '' Just a few samples from his fertile imagination
 First off I 'm not sure if it 's supposed to be a comedy or a horror movie but it contains neither jokes nor anything scary . Also , for no reason , there is a Digital Underground video right in the middle of this movie . Absolutely bonkers .
 Let me get this off my chest before I review this movie ; I 've seen Chevy Chase in most of his classic work and I just dont understand what people see in this guy . I enjoy different types of humour but I just dont laugh at this guy at all.Nothing But Trouble looks like a sure fire hit with three of the biggest comics from the 80s -LRB- Chase , Candy , and Aykroyd -RRB- , the beautiful Demi Moore , and non-talking cameo from rap legend Tupac . Yes , you read right , Tupac appears in this movie . Basically Moore and Chase are with anther annoying couple and they take a detour . Chase doesnt stop at a stop sign and a cop chases him thru out this unique little town . They are taken in by the cop to this little area where a judge hands them sentences . It 's kinda like a horror comedy but very lite on both . The story makes sense although every gag is thrown at me , I rarely laughed . The ending was weird as you could clearly tell that Aykroyd 's nose in this film looked like it was made from a penis . Anyways , many people dimiss this film but it was n't bad but it was n't anything i 'd recommend to anyone either .
 This movie is just loaded w/stars , and I am willing to bet this is the worst movie that Demi Moore , John Candy , Dan Akroyd , and Chevy Chase ever made . I honestly find it hard to believe that someone spent money to produce this thing . If you want something out of the ordinary , this movie is for you . If you want to see just how bad a movie can be , this movie is for you . I will have to admit , I have n't laughed so hard in a long time , but it was n't becuase it was funny .
 There are several adjectives and nouns to describe Nothing But Trouble . Horrible , puerile , a waste , terrible , disgusting , bad . But it is a lot worse than that . Webster 's would have to create a new word to come close to describing this ... movie ? I 'm not so sure . This is entertainment ? This is what a producer would waste a million bucks on to humor the masses?Don ' t get me wrong ; I 'm not a prude . I loved Animal House and Caddyshack , so this is not a knock on the whole `` slob comedy '' genre . But there 's no excuse for this . Chevy Chase and John Candy have made their share of trash , but even they should have known this was a dead-end . Nothing But Trouble apparently was a labor of love for Dan Aykroyd , who wrote and directed this dreck . What was he thinking ? How could he have possibly thought this was funny ? This is the single worst attempt of black comedy I 've ever seen . It is simply dumb , dumb , dumb . Aykroyd plays multiple roles as both a sadistic old judge and what appears to be one-half of a mutant brother combo . Candy , too , plays both a moronic cop and the cop 's horny sister -LRB- maybe they thought if Peter Sellers can act in multiple roles and still be funny , so could they . They thought wrong -RRB- . They sentence their victims to death with some bone-ripping machine . It has a `` funny '' name . Mr. Bone-Ripper or something . Need I say more ? Stay away !
 Makes the short list of worst major movie rleases of all time . I 've seen a lot of comments here along the lines of ` you have to be in the right frame of mind for this one , but if you are , it 's hilarious !! 1 !! 1 ' , and I would have to agree -- if you are in a comatose , drooling state from heavy medication , or you have recently been lobotomized , this movie was made for you!Akroyd and Chase have a long list of unfunny disasters to their credit , but I doubt they 'll ever top this effort . This is Titantic and Hindenburg territory .
 We found this movie , I figured that it would be 5 bucks well spent considering the cast . I was WRONG . We watched it last night for Halloween and after about 10 minutes we were bored stiff . After 20 minutes I felt like I was being punished for something I 'd done , but did n't know what on earth I 'd done to deserve this . When the sensation of being tortured finally set in we turned it off and conceded that we should have spent that five bucks on a gallon of ice cream . Our 16 year-old son decided to take it to school today . His reason ? `` I want to leave it laying around somewhere so someone else can find it and fall victim to it . '' I told him to take it and have fun . That 's all this movie is good for , a cruel practical joke on an unsuspecting person . Dan Akroyd should never write or direct movies . Stick to acting and leave well enough alone .
 Absolutely one of the worst movies ever made -- even condensed to a five minute skit -- it would have been insufferable.The `` comedy '' is n't funny -- despite the high profile cast -- and even though it may not sound like much -- it delivers even less.Anyone who recommends this movie must own shares of it . Avoid -- even if you find it in a bargain bin . The only thing this dvd is good for is to use as a coaster
 All that I 'm going to say about this ` film ' other than what the title of this review has implied , is that there is absolutely nothing in this film that qualifies as something redeemable . It is wholly bereft of anything that resembles comedy , talent , or taste . When I saw this film , honestly , after it was over , I felt physically ill . Yes , it 's that bad . And it apparently can be hazardous to your health . Avoid it at all costs .
 I must warn anyone out there actually considering this movie
 This is the only movie we have ever walked out of . It should get a -5 rating . As we were watching this film there was a loud thunderstorm going on outside that was providing better entertainment than the piece of trash we were watching . From that day forward we referred to all really bad movies as `` thunderstorm movies '' . I have watched many films over the years that were a million times better that never made it to VHS or DVD . Go figure .
 Life is too short to waste even an hour of it watching this movie . I ca n't think of a worse one . It 's not even bad in an amusing way -- and I like a lot of bad and odd movies . No . I saw it 10 years ago and thoughts of it still make me feel sick , sick to my soul , sick of the world . No no no no no no no !
 Like a lot of others , until I saw this movie I would not have believed that a movie with this cast could have missed so greatly . The first half hour was interesting , but it really goes downhill fast . Only Ackroyd or Candy movie I know of that I did n't think was at least pretty funny .
 I am a fan of B Movies and actually enjoy many bad movies but this is absolutely the worst movie I have ever seen . It is stupid , boring and flat out a beating to watch . Sadly , I saw it in the theater and I saw it again recently . It still sucks . There was nothing amusing about this.I recall seeing it in the theater and watched no less than a dozen people walk out . I am sad that I did not ... I was too cheap to walk out of a movie I paid to see . I actually expected it to get better ... After all , it had to but no . At least it was consistent , it started bad and stayed bad .
 I can not understand how anyone , with the possible exception of Alan Smithee , could direct , let alone actually release this film . It is so truly awful that I would almost recommend it as a sort of curiosity/conversation piece for film buffs , or for fans of the considerably marquee-worthy comedy cast .
 Generally , even if I do n't like a film personally , I can still see how others could find it entertaining . Most of the time , I give the benefit of the doubt to the film and think , `` well i just did n't fit the demographics '' That said , I can profess to you without hesitation , that Nothing But Trouble is the absolute worst film I have EVER seen in my entire life , and friends , I 've seen a lot of films . This is n't even one of those `` so bad it 's good '' films -LRB- I see no future of it as beloved cult classic -RRB- . The 90 or so minutes I spent viewing this film was the most agonizing hour and a half I have ever spent . Yes , worse than Jury duty , worse than traffic school , worse than oral surgery without the benefit of anesthesia.If you are considering viewing this film because you heard it was a dark comedy , I can only tell you that you were deceived , for dark comedy is a genre close to my heart , and folks , this ai n't it.Friends , I beg you , Do n't be fooled , do n't be tempted , Just walk away now ... No , RUN ! Yes Run as fast as your little mouse will take you !
 This is supposed to be a comedy ? A fine cast of movie comics including Chevy Chase , Dan Ackroyd , and the late John Candy are wasted in this more grotesque than funny tale of vacationers on their way to Atlantic City who get nabbed by the police for speeding and have to face a very eccentric judge and the citizens of a fictitious -LRB- thank heavens -RRB- town who make the Addams family look like well-adjusted people . The film really is n't funny at all and is not the least bit entertaining . If it comes on television , you 'll probably change the channel to see what else is on .
 worst movie ever . its full of good actors . you watch it hopeing it will get better but it never does . dont waist your time on it . i dont give it a star but thats the lowest i can give it
 If there was a rating of less than 1 star - or actually negative number of stars - this movie is worthy . A friend claimed they had seen the worst movie ever made - Jason X - but I assured him I could top it !! I was glad the movie was so cheap when I looked it up so I could prove my point . I 'd have never spent $ 10 or more on it . There is no part of this move I did n't hate . But if horrible movies are you thing this is the one for you !
 Really truly positively the WORST movie ever made , and I 've seen Super Mario Brothers.The only reason to buy , rent , or watch this film is to punish someone who has wronged you . Possibly to pull out whenever someone starts talking smack about the worst movie of all time . You can use this as proof they are wrong.Really , how this got greenlit is beyond me . It 's just that bad .
 The characters are contrived , shallow and crude . But besides that , it is n't funny .
 I watched this movie five years ago and it still rates as the worst movie I have ever seen . It remains a running joke with my wife and I.I recommend it to people who * think * they have seen a bad movie . Until you have watched `` Nothing But Trouble '' , you have not experienced the worst.I am considering owning this movie just so I can torture people by loaning it to them as a practical joke .
 I hoped to get something of this film but I got nothing but B.S. . The movie was not very hilarious . The plot was very unrealistic -LRB- ex . being taken to the police station for even running a stop sign ? Please . -RRB- Some of the scenes were downright disgusting . Like Dan Ackroyd as the town judge and him taking off his fake body parts . It was n't funny it was gross ! And also the two twins who are as stupid as molasses . Also not even funny . The whole movie was a waste of money . I could n't beleive that the best actors and actresses - John Candy , Demi Moore , and Dan Ackroyd would even put their names on this movie . I am so disapointed .
 i made two mistakes i listened to my girlfriend who said this was a good movie and i was like wow chevy chase , dan aykroyd , and john candy they are funny this movie must be pretty good . well it does n't overly suck but its not good do n't spend more then 5 dollars on it because anymore then that is a total waste of money
 How could two such great talents as John Candy and Dan Ackroyd and the beautiful Demi Moore -LRB- I expect garbage out of Chevy Chase , so ` that ' was no suprised -RRB- agree to do such an unfunny , stupidly written , shallow pile of crap is beyond me . . If you are suffering from insomina , watch it . . You 'll be cured in five minutes ... Jack Schlatter
 Worst , ugliest piece of garbage ever made . I do n't care if you have $ 500 million in cash and donate 90 % of your income to charity already . Please do n't spend money on this - donate the few dollars to any cause in the world . You will feel good inside and do good for someone/something else . This movie will make you die a little inside . It will make you feel ugly , slimy like if you victimized someone even a little . You are a decent human being , this movie causes pain , suffering , gross feelings that wo n't make you question the filmakers motives or inspiration . Instead , you will question your very own desire to live and be happy . This movie will steal your happiness and scar you for life . 20 years after I saw it , it sickens me when I hear the name . Tonight , the sickness inspired me to write this review while I eat these delicious carrots and watch the news . I continue to type , wondering what these beautiful trolls writing positive reviews about this junk are up to . There simply is nothing clever in this movie . Not a singular redeeming trait , joke , scene , performance , camera shot . Nothing . Please give your $ 5 or whatnot to save a kitten . To buy used eyeglasses for someone who ca n't afford . Buy a vaccine for a child who can not afford . Buy a classic movie and donate it to your library . Give the kid behind the counter a $ 5 tip for a $ 1 coffee . Any local museums near you ? Buy a book and hand it to a kid as you leave the store . Buy some candy and eat till you are sick . Shred a $ 5 bill and snort it . Take a $ 5 bill and lick it 100 times . Take a bag of 500 pennies and drop it on your foot over and over for 3 hours . Nail a five dollar bill to your hand and walk around asking strangers to `` give you a high five '' all day . Take a $ 5 bill , write `` gimmie 10,000 more of these or someone gets hurt '' and hand it to your bank teller . All nobler pursuits then watching this garbage . It has no redeeming charms , be warned .
 Not funny , uninterestingly perverse in a non-sexual way ; normally interesting actors trapped in a truly awful movie .
 Are you guys insane?I 'm a fan of Chevy Chase , Dan Ackroyd and John Candy . When these actors have/had a good script , they could be very funny . In fact , a lot of my favorite movies have one of the three . This is why I was looking forward to seeing this movie when it can out on video years ago . My brother and I rented it , and proceeded to laugh not once during this worthless excuse for a movie.This is one of those movies that you just look at the other person watching it and shake your heads in disbelief . I have no idea who thought this movie would be good , but everyone involved in it should apologize . In fact , the only reason to own this movie is to laugh at how bad it is .
 I happened on this movie on cable about halfway through . It was so stupefyingly awful , so devoid of any humor , so wasteful of an until-then talented cast -- that I had to see the first half in order to see if there was even ONE SINGLE MOMENT of genuine entertainment . Two days later , I saw the first half . Good Lord , what were they thinking ? Did the studio exec who greenlighted this heinous monstrosity find something funny here ? Do movie people really suspect life outside of L.A. is like this ? I 've tried to understand how things like this happen . I do n't know . I give this movie five squating dogs and a bewildered groan . A new mystery
 Dan Aykroyd 's only directorial effort is a genuine stink bomb . `` Nothing But Trouble '' finds a good cast wallowing in the New Jersey mire . Rarely has a comedy been so relentlessly unpleasant . -LRB- Incredibly enough , the original 1990 edit was even worse . -RRB- Aykroyd buries himself under tons of grotesque makeup , but fails to camouflage the sheer awfulness of this vanity production .
 Stupid movie . The only funny part was Dan Akroyd 's character 's Nose . Do n't waste your time or your money . Not worth either !
 It sucked ... one of the worst flicks of all time . . along with xanadu ... despite great comics such as dan akroyd , john candy , and chevy ... It made me want to spew my eyes out of my skull ... in mercy ...
 I 'm watching this almost 40-year-old film for the first time and I have n't read any reviews . But I have to say , and I 'm probably quoting , `` The hero is a dog and so is the film . ''
 Trying to catch all dog movies for my dog-loving five-year old . He was fine watching it , but I was bored to tears . Slow-moving . Waste of time .
 i bought this movie just because little jim norton was on the box cover ... hes actually in the movie for about 4 total min and his emmey award winning performance involves him starring at a wall with a stupid look on his face ... other then that its a pretty silly ... super low budget film and its watchable ... sort of
 A down on his luck bar owner and a collection of his misfits friends plot a hair-brained scheme to rip off a local post office . Among those friends is an old lady with massive bingo wings , a guido who probably flunked out of the 8th grade , and Jim Norton , the reason most people watched this low budget excuse for a movie . Norton 's stupid face receives very little screen time , and he 's given even less time to unleash the crude jokes on which he 's built a modest career and a rabid following.Putting Norton on the cover is disingenuous at best , since his performance is so understated and far from a comedy routine that includes disturbed quips about Dakota Fanning . Very disappointed . This is obviously low budget and the actors are below average . The reason to watch it is Norton , and he 's restrained to the point of boredom . Watch a few Comedy Central roasts instead ; you 'll get more comedy.Jason Elin
 I purchased this DVD at Ted 's Crappy DVD & Cotton Ball Emporium . My favoritest lil fella in the world , Dr. James Norden , does n't have anywhere near as big of a part in this movie as you 'd think , considering he 's on the front cover of the DVD . Hopefully , he 's at least getting a few pennies from the sales , so that he can continue his treatments .
 It was just not what I thought it would be . I thought it would be good and well .
 This movie sucked so bad that I could ` nt even finish it . I love you Jimmy but this movie was awful . It was n't you Jimmy it was everybody else . Sorry dude , O&A rules .
 In the opening scene of `` Slow Burn , '' an assistant district attorney -LRB- Jolene Blalock -RRB- is found wandering the streets of the city , disheveled and confused , informing those who find her that she has just killed a rapist in self defense . The alleged attacker -LRB- Mekhi Phifer -RRB- was a man she supposedly met one night in a record store and who then proceeded to stalk her for weeks thereafter . Suddenly , into the head D.A. 's office strides LL Cool J , as a friend of the deceased who has a considerably different story to tell about the events leading up to the murder as well as an entirely disparate take on the couple 's relationship . Things get even more dicey when we discover that the D.A. -LRB- Ray Liotta -RRB- and the assistant D.A. have been conducting a torrid affair of their own for a number of years now . `` Slow Burn '' fails on so many levels of rudimentary storytelling and filmmaking that it 's hard to know where exactly to begin in compiling a list of its shortcomings . To start with , there 's something inherently self-defeating and pointless in constructing a narrative from two widely conflicting viewpoints - a la `` Rashomon '' - when one of the supposed eyewitnesses is already dead and , thus , unable to personally relate his side of the story . How does it enhance the verisimilitude of the tale if most of our information has to come filtered down to us through a secondhand source , a person who was n't even present at the events he 's describing - unless , of course , he was hiding in a nearby closet during all those `` intimate '' moments he is able to recount in such juicy and exhaustive detail ? Either that or the murder victim was one of the chattiest , kiss-and-tell gossips in the history of the movies . And why does it take till the closing reels for the supposedly intelligent professional investigators to smell a rat in that setup ? Eventually , the twist-and-turn plotting leads to so much incoherence and confusion that you might well wonder if the filmmakers themselves understood what it was they were doing.Beyond the clumsy , inscrutable storytelling , `` Slow Burn '' also suffers from some of the most overripe dialogue this side of `` The Black Dahlia . '' With such knee-slapping howlers as `` She stood there like a tangerine , ripe and ready to be peeled '' and `` She walked in smelling like mashed potatoes and every guy within thirty feet wanted to be the gravy , '' the script could easily win First Prize in a Bad Film Noir Writing contest . It 's hard to believe at such times that the film is n't actually intended to be a parody -LRB- the acting sure suggests it on occasion -RRB- . On second thought , perhaps it would be best to stick with that notion ; it just might go down easier that way .
 this would have been a really good movie if they had n't hacked out half of it . I 've only seen the real one once and it was great . in this they hacked out Toshiro Mifune and a bunch of other characters . The cutting is worse than when they -LSB- messed -RSB- with the battle of the bulge or when they lopped out the corral sea battle in midway . if they left in this footage it would make much more sense . I bet Ted Turner 's crew was reponsible for these cuts .
 This is actually a little painful to watch . The production feels exactly like `` Thorn Birds '' or `` Shogun '' . Sure the sets and costumes are all first-rate . Sure the supporting cast know their lines and do n't bump into the furniture . But ... hmmmmm ... The TV feeling gets more obvious and annoying the longer you watch . You just want somebody to grab the camera and DO SOMETHING ! ARRRGH ! And there 's Peck , walking here & walking there . Looking at this & that . He 's acting 's first rate considering he 's acting for television -LCB- -LCB- groan -RCB- -RCB- . Though Peck was such an introverted actor , it 's interesting to see him saunter about with most of his face covered up . Introverted actors generally need closeups to show their mental wheels turning . It would 've been better to have a director like Franklin J. Schaffner , or just ANYBODY besides this `` Jaws the Revenge '' turkey . Arrrgh ! If it were n't for Peck , the whole thing would have the cinematic consistency of bubblegum & sandpaper . But even he ca n't save this beige disaster .
 In my review of the Midway ` Collector 's edition ' DVD I asked the question
 I think the stars this has been given are pretty un-realistic and might make people think it is a worthy film to watch.Yes the main actor is good looking but that is about all this film has going for it.Very poor acting from the `` staring role '' - storyline was n't that bad but its ruined by the acting.The time I spent watching this would have been better spent watching paint dry or cleaning the toilet .
 This movie is as bad as it gets ... simplistic and predictable plot , unconvincing acting and poor writing . I saw the movie on TV ... and I decided to come back and warn people not to spend their money on this movie ... it is definitely not worth the time you spend watching it , much less the financial investment .
 There is one enormous reason NOT to buy the DVD pack of Series 15 . Unlike the high definition Blu-Ray release , the DVDs only feature the cut down , broadcast-length versions of this series 6 episodes.There is very little in the way of extra material . A prime example is from Episode 5 ; Jeremy made an excellent film commemorating Aryton Senna 's 50th birthday that originally aired in the extended , 80-minute form for US television . You ca n't view this scene on the DVD , it 's completely removed -LRB- instead you get 18 minutes of Tom Cruise , Cameron Diaz and shameful plugging -RRB- . Audio and visual quality is up to par for DVD , but it 's disappointing that these two versions are not identical . Will definitely order the Blu-Ray to replace this inferior copy .
 Jeff Wincott the action-martial arts underground hero tries to imitate the DIE HARD legacy here in an all too familar terriotry with the same kind of villains i ` ve seen countless times before . Wincott plays a former FBI agent who comes back to duty when he finds out his father has been kidnapped by terriosts and is held hostage in a chemical plant . High kicking action and mornic shootouts ca n`t possibly save this film from repeating the same action from previous film of the genre . And let ` s face it Jeff Wincott is no Bruce Willis .
 If you 've studied anything about John Lennon , you 'll see right through this movie . I had a chance to get an early DVD of it about 6 months ago and came away from it feeling very sad . Yet again , another Lennon biopic that 's so far off the mark . The inaccuracies are rampant . I did n't think the acting was that good . I thought the scouse was lousy . The biggest problem I had though was beyond the aesthetics -LRB- although the actor having blue eyes instead of brown bugged the crap outta me -RRB- . The portrayal of Julia was such a caricature ! Yes , Julia was very flirtatious and free-thinking ... there 's no denying that , but for god sake , they make her out to be a psychotic whore bound and determined to bed her own son . Just because John mentioned an incident in his audio diary -LRB- which is very true -RRB- , they 've taken that moment and made it the focus of their relationship . I think it 's horrible . I also would hate to think of how the portrayal of Mimi would have been before the re-write . As it is , they have her as `` Mimi the Hun '' . The woman DID have a heart and NEVER threw things at John 's head . She would have died first . I just worry that the `` average '' Beatles/Lennon fan will come away from this movie with the wrong idea about Julia and Mimi , and that will , over time , colour his life , which is now becoming more mythology than fact . John said it himself ... just gim me some truth !
 A meandering , plotless , formless script dooms valiant attempts by the actors to carve some real feeling from the iconic marble of John Lennon . As per almost all Beatle bio-pics , melodrama and hysterics substitute for nuanced characterization and the audience is treated to one-dimensional situations and emotions . Young Lennon -LRB- who had brown eyes , not blue , by the way ; one of many questionable casting calls -RRB- has two moods in Nowhere Boy -- angry and very angry , broken only by interludes of psychotic larkiness or savage bullying . His rather staid middle-class upbringing -LRB- compared to , say , Ringo 's -RRB- is depicted as one continuing trauma after another . Aunt Mimi , who also has basically two moods -LRB- stern and very stern -RRB- is Lennon 's foil and chief tormentor . Mother Julia -LRB- her two moods
 o i thought it to be not as i was thinking . good story but not what i thought it would be
 This film could be summarized as follows
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** According to John Lennon 's cousin , Leila Harvey , during the time she knew him -LRB- when he was between the ages of 9 and 16 -RRB- , he was a `` happy-go-lucky , good-humored , easy going , lively lad . '' But looking at ` Nowhere Boy ' , the film that is supposed to accurately chronicle the coming of age years of John Lennon , you would be more likely to get the impression that he was a troubled and angst-ridden adolescent who was hardly the `` happy-go-lucky '' kid who eventually became the co-leader of the greatest rock band of the 20th century . And that is the problem with ` Nowhere Boy ' -- it simply fails to answer why John Lennon was charismatic , even in his unformed early days.He was charismatic because he WAS quick , witty , iconoclastic and wickedly humorous , all IN SPITE of his difficult childhood . He was the type of person , I believe , who never dwelt on the past and probably would have dismissed ` Nowhere Boy ' as tendentious nonsense . A few months before his death , Lennon spoke about his upbringing and he praised his mother and all of his aunts . There is not a hint of anger or bitterness which `` Nowhere Boy '' implies consumed him while growing up
 Lennon would laugh at this movie before turning it off seven minutes in.You might as well getLennon Naked ... Heck.Might as well getHendrix!No . This is more along the lines ofThe Cliff Richard Collection -LRB- The Young Ones / Summer Holiday / Wonderful Life -RRB- It sure is n't the grinding poverty of post-war Liverpool . It sure ai n't Lennon.And that ai n't Paul.This is like the Masterpiece Theatre version of John Lennon 's young life.What 's drearier than that ... and more daft.This is no documentary , folks , and not honest to the life.Revisionist history by a post-Freudian perhaps . But it ai n't Lennon.Might as well watch that forgotten film about Lennon 's trip to Franco 's Spain with Brian Epstein , alone , to psychoanalyze John.Far too pretty a film for Liverpool . They should have had Mr. Alex Cox , Liverpudlian , do it , and do it right for once.Plastic through and through , and John do n't do plastic.Except of course for his Plastic Ono Band.Go spend your money onRock 'N' Rollinstead , and play it real loud , and forget this fantasy version of some Masterpiece soap opera that John would throw in the john.Be honest to the man . Play that disk , not this , and play it loud , and get real .
 Though one has to wonder about the sanity of anyone that questions the incredible songwriting talent of the Lennon-McCartney matchup , perhaps without doubt the greatest songwriters of our time.One also would probably have to look long and hard for a non `` angst '' filled person raised during war wracked Great Britain . The question being would similar talents have evolved if not effected by the -LRB- to Americans -RRB- , trauma of growing up during the `` blitz '' ? There were many people who lived in much worse conditions than the now sainted John Lennon . I 've seen images of `` East Enders '' of London scrambling through bomb craters looking for something , anything to suppliment their ration cards ... many children just mastering walking.Is there anything worthwhile to this movie ? Well , it employed some people during bleak financial times ... other than that ? I do n't see it .
 There are so many inaccuracies in this movie it 's ridiculous . I saw it early last year and spent most of it wanting to throw something at the screen . Save your money ...
 I am a huge John Lennon fan and was so looking forward to the release of this movie . From everything I know about John for the last 35 years , I 'm not sure if this movie was even about John 's early life . The actor that played Paul made him look like he was 10 years old . It was just terrible . It was just a bad movie all around .
 Having a movie based on just one of the fab four is completely pointless ! Do n't get me wrong , I like John Lennon , but it is like the case with Simon and Garfunkel , only together could they sing beautiful harmonies , seperately they should have given up . And so it is definitely true with the Beatles ! All alone John Lennon sucks . But he needs more than just Paul . He needs George and Ringo , or you can just pass on this flick!You know I 'm right .
 I do n't understand the tendency of film-makers , when making a bio of a rock-and-roller , it 's necessary to always depict them as angry , brooding , sullen , tormented , angst-ridden , etc , etc. , etc.Hey , we all have our inner demons . We all have our bad hair days.But read about John Lennon ; look at actual film footage of the man at any point in his life . See him smiling , see his wit , see his charm.There 's a scene in this film where Lennon and his band -LRB- The primordial Beatles -RRB- are making their first recording ; the homemade `` In Spite Of All The Danger '' . If you just listen to the song , it 's so obvious that everyone is having a ball of a time . In this scene , however , Lennon in shown scowling , intense , having the most trying time of his life . The whole movie is full of these `` at odds '' portrayals.Past biopics did the same thing with Elvis . You look at old TV kinescopes of Presley . He 's mugging , hopping all around , he 's enjoying himself as much as anybody in the audience . But when some actor is playing him in a movie , Presley is seen as this oh-so-tortured soul . A Kurt Cobain of the '50s . It 's just not a valid picture.As someone who grew up in the beginning years of rock-and-roll , I assure you that it was n't all about rebellion or anger . For most of us , it was all about fun , a way to express hopes and desires as well as , occasionally , frustration -LRB- usually sexual -RRB- . And even the frustration stuff was usually expressed with a wink and exuberant yell .
 This movie was n't quite what we had in mind . It was n't very appropriate for our teenager who really likes the Beatles . It was n't rated so we hoped it would be good , but it was n't .
 inetvideo is peddling a canadian version release of this title that is badly gimped . It is NOT the proper Sony release of this title . In order to cram the title onto single layer media , this particular disc does not include the supplements listed on Amazon , nor does it even include subtitles of any type . AVOID this product from inetvideo !
 Please save your money . This DVD is one of the worst tape to DVD transfers I have ever seen . The contrast is bad and there is a yellowish green color cast through the entire movie.If you buy this to see Laura Gemser , you will be disappointed . She is not in the movie as much as you might think.Please avoid this poor quality DVD . I would have given it ZERO STARS if Amazon 's rating system allowed that .
 Do n't confuse this movie with the rest of the `` Emanuelle '' movies . The character in this movie is actually called `` Sheena '' . There 's a little full frontal nudity during the first 1/4 of the movie . No sexual scenes except for a quick blurp of a woman being raped before she jumps out of a window . If you 're looking for an arousing skin flick equal to the other emanuelle movies , stay away from here . If you 're looking for a cheeply dubbed foreign movie with a predictable plot ... This one 's for you .
 This review is for the Amazon VOD rental of this film . This film is acomplete waste . The transfer is bad , the film is all chopped up , thereis not much of a story line and there is very little erotic about thefilm . Laura Gemser is a beautiful woman and she appears nude severaltimes in the flick for no apparent reason . This is billed as an Emanuellemovie but it has nothing to do with that series of films . My advice isdo n't waste your time or money on this .
 This movie was a complete waste of my time . It must have been shot as a high school project of some type . My advice , if you encounter this movie for rent , move on quickly and save yourself the price of a donut and coffee .
 If you want to know what is bad movie buy this one . I would not classify it as erotic -LRB- just couple shots and no s.e.x. at all -RRB- . It shows just some army actions . The name of the movie had confused me .
 This movie certainly has great actors in it , and they did a good performance , but I did n't really care for the story . I would not recommend this movie too highly . I would be interested to read the story it came from.Agnes of God
 Did this movie have a point ? I really do n't think it did . Its unbriphilous director , Norman Jewison , seemed to try his best to make something of what he had to work with , but even a talent-oozing cast and a picturesque setting could n't do much to deliver on what had sounded to me like an intriguing tale . Oh , well , maybe other people saw the emperor 's clothes but I just saw his doodle .
 Jane Fonda , whom I respect highly as an actress , can not save this dud . Neither the score nor the cinematography is memorable . Many scenes revolve around the fact that Dr. Livingstone is a smoker , which is a very flimsy hook upon which to hang a film . This film did not hold my interest -- at several points I was consciously bored and had to exert will-power to finish watching it . Moreover , the views of psychiatric practice and hypnosis are wholly unrealistic . It seems this film could not decide what to be , and certainly lacked the courage to demythologize its subject .
 Well , the storyline sounded interesting and it had some impressive stars but even these stars like Sean Young and Emmett Walsh seem to struggle with the story and script .
 Watched this DVD set , and typical VIACOM only the curse words used are uncensored , all other aspects of the show remain censored . So just FYI ; - -RRB-
 I reviewed Season One - -LRB- Disappointed -RRB- and still have not opened Season Two .
 Though I 'm still a big South Park fan , I do think that the quality of the show has progressively declined over the past three seasons . This season has its standouts , most notably the truly demented Christmas Critters episode , but it also has incredibly lame episodes like the dance off and election episodes.To make matters worse , Matt and Trey put next to no effort into providing any extras for fans who pony up top dollar for the dvd collections . A show like the Simpsons not only has more episodes per season and sells for the same price but the people involved in the Simpsons go the extra mile to satisfy fans
 I did n't even want to give this movie 1 star . I reccomend that all of you avoid this movie like the plague . I hope every actor in this film never gets to star in another film . This film is a pathetic recreation one of my favorite films `` Big Deal on Madonna St. '' Not one moment `` Weclome to Collingwood '' was pleasant to me . Why ? Cause everything about it was poorly excecuted and cheap . The worst part of all of it was poor delivery of the jokes in the film . I did n't even laugh once.Watching this film was like watching a street vendor sell fake Gucci bags and Bolex watches .
 A remake of `` I Soliti Ignoti '' -LSB- `` Big Deal on Madonna Street '' -RSB- , a Mario Monicelli masterpiece of italian cinema made almost 50 years ago , this plot takes place in a inner-city industrial urban neighborhood of Cleveland . Having seen the italian original , it is remarkable how the same characters are cloned to modern-day cleveland . For example , the uptight and old-fashioned Michele from Sicily is now a stylish afro-american that could be a pimp . But while the original had a beat to it that engaged the story to evolve from one scene to the next , as a good page-turner book would do , this remake languished . The original had a really good musical beat that acted as a `` page turner '' . This one does not . Too bad
 Maybe I missed something in this film since a number of people gave it five stars , but I found it so pointless and boring that I shut it down about halfway through . Sorry !
 I seem to be in a minority here , but I honestly did not find Welcome To Collinwood funny at all . I was looking forward watching and enjoying the film though , since the trailer offered so much promise , but as I came to expect from a lot of movies , unfortunately what you watch in the trailers are the best bits of the film!The problem with Welcome to Collinwood -LRB- a gang of ` idiots planning to pull off a big heist , called bellini -RRB- is not the acting , since all the cast is made of fine actors , especially William Macy , so the blame falls firmly on the script.It has more holes than swiss cheese , and the laughter is as sparse as Siberian nighclubs!The main problems with the script lies in the following , The characters are just too caricaturized , without funny dialogue . The ` silliness ' of the too many characters are just too overblown , without it being a parody a la Top Secert or Naked Gun.The character of the always excellent Luiz Guzman was central to the whole plot , but then when he escapes jail and vowes revenge for cutting him out of his ` bellini ' , I expected to see more of him later , but he just totally disappeared from the movie without any explanation !!! The character of the sexy Jennifer Esposito was too shallow , and I really did expect a certain twist , or surprise from her , which alas did not happen . The fact that she is loose -LRB- or liberated -RRB- and has too many boyfriends at the same time , even inviting two of them to the same party which results in a fight , was just over emphasized in an annoying sort of way.George Clooney 's cameo was in my opinion unnecessary . His presence surely would attract more viewers , but his scenes did not add anything to the movie , and it would maybe have worked better , had these scenes been replaced by more ` misadventures ' of the gang.Brother directors/filmmakers have been quite a ` hip ' phenomenon in Hollywood ever since the Coen bothers shot their masterpiece Blood Simple , and we have seen many such teams so far , like the Farley and Hughes brothers , and the Russos are yet another siblings team . -LRB- I was thinking Welcome to Collinwood was mediocre with two directors , what would it be like with one ?? -RRB- If you want ` idiots pulling a hiest ' movie then The Apple Dumpling Gang with genuis performances by Don Knotts and Tim Conway is still the best , although it has a ` kiddie ' ` Sunday afternoon ' tag to it , it is still a very funny film for all , and forget about Welcome to Collinwood . But if you are still interested to check it out then watch the trailer , trust me it is enough .
 Have n't watched it yet . It 's packaged in one of those archaic hard to open plastic hinge gizmos . Its damaged and scratched . Needs to be in a hard snap case or you 're wasting your time .
 Probably not too many viewers realize that ` Welcome to Collinwood ' is a remake of a brilliantly funny Italian movie ` Big Deal on Madonna Street ' . Unfortunately , the features that made the original sparkle -LRB- great characters depicted with love and care -RRB- , are not present in ` Welcome to Collinwood ' . What 's left is an uninspired mess . The characters that were supposed to represent the Italian soul were not successfully transformed to American soil . Instead , they were shamelessly copied from the original . As a result , the characters and many scenes in ` Welcome to Collinwood ' do not make sense and look contrived .
 PROS : - The sole dvd `` Bonus Feature '' shows what I believe is the cutting edge of HD Film-making -LRB- Yes REALLY ! -RRB- , but I 'm certainly NOT an expert . HD Camera + Hard Drive + Magic Black Box Thingy = Instant `` Dailies '' with on-the-fly color correction , or something like that . Apparently , they were the first to do it.Anyway , this `` Behind the Scenes '' featurette lasts for what seemed about 10 minutes . The folks who made this film are obviously `` technically '' gifted . Unfortunately for me , SMART CREW + STUPID IDEA = NOT-HAPPY-RENTER-PERSON ! CONS : - The maturity level of the director and male crew members appears to be stunted at , I 'm guessing , MAYBE 11 , but not in a funny `` are n't we a bunch-of-complete-idiots '' sorta way . It 's more of a `` my , are n't we a frightened-bunch-of-homophobes with a strange on-going fascination with JOEY LAWRENCE , Hot Tubs , ETERNAL DAMNATION , and PRE-OP Transexuals '' kinda thing.-It 's been a while since I rented this , but I seem to remember that the female characters were all written as complete wh * res and b * tches , unless of course they 're `` unattractive '' in which case they 're just HAGS !!! Again , I think it helps us see what these guys are attracted to and repelled by.-And finally , the biggest `` CON '' that comes to mind is the amount of time that you 'll lose by watching this film that you will NEVER EVER EVER GET BACK ! Save yourself some time & money and just punch yourself in the `` SHAMA-LAMA-DING-DONGS '' . And you 'll feel SO MUCH BETTER afterwords ... . or you 'll pass out , which is good too .
 With only his second directorial showing in feature films to date , Robert Englund -LRB- best known as Freddy Krueger -RRB- brings us ` Killer Pad '
 Robert Englund , a man most of us know as Freddy Kruger , directs the Horror/Comedy entitled `` Killer Pad '' . Englund does an ok job having fun with the genre and the script by Dan Stoller has about one real laugh , everything else is just silly one liners and lame fart jokes that we could easily have found on Nickelodeon . There are some amusing side characters played namely by Joey Lawrence , H&eacute;ctor Jim&eacute;nez and Andy Milonakis but they are n't big enough stars to really drive the picture home . The one really humorous part in the entire movie is when Joey Lawrence does his impression of Bruce Willis , it really is almost uncanny . To get to the plot of the movie , three friends buy a huge house in the Hollywood Hill 's , the only problem is the devil lives in the basement . The friends decide to throw a house warming party , but since the devil lives in the basement people at the party start dieing and things start going terribly wrong . In premise this sounds like there should be a lot of fun involved , and `` Killer Pad '' is at times a pretty amusing ride but not very much at all sticks or is worth watching again . Watching this movie again would be a fate far worse then death . This being said I did semi enjoy myself , for about five minutes , when the end credits started rolling . One aspect that really detracts from the overall enjoyment of the movie is the stupidity of the all the characters . Dan Stoller made the three main characters so stupid and idiotic that it 's almost unbearable to watch . There is Boss battle against Satan at the end of the movie to the sounds of KISS but it 's really anti-climactic and just frustrates me even more . I expected more from Robert Englund who is so seasoned in the genre , and although he does do an ok job of directing his actors , because the acting was n't terrible , the question I find myself asking is why on earth Englund would have agreed to have anything to do with this movie . The real flaws are in Stoller 's script , in which he keeps giving the same jokes over and over . I expected more from Daniel Franzese , who in this played Doug , one of the idiotic poorly written leads . It 's sad to see Daniel Franzese in such a horribly unfunny role when we 've seen him so funny as Damien in Mean Girls . The other leads , played by Eric Jungmann and Shane McRae do what they can with such a poorly written script . Aside from the horrid script the next biggest problem is this movie does not deserve its `` R '' rating . If this movie was going to get an `` R '' rating anyway I expect more nudity , blood , gore , raunchy humor , or something to hold the `` R '' rating or even my complete attention , but instead we are left with a movie that barely should have earned a `` PG-13 '' . Mr. Englund I 'm disappointed in you .
 I do n't do camp . So I would n't know a good campy movie if it bit me on the rear . Is this one any good ? Can someone tell me ? Brody , Craig , and Doug are three violently unfunny buddies who move from Illinois to Los Angeles , and throw a party at their new `` killer pad . '' Turns out there is a gateway to Hell in their basement , but the guys are convinced that the strange goings on are due to `` squatters '' -LRB- er , weightlifters ? -RRB- . Joey Lawrence dies , and Craig and Doug carry him through the party with sunglasses on . Partygoers recognize him . Blatant ripoff of Weekend At Bernies ? Check . The beautiful neighbors that the guys are interested in turn out to be Satan -LRB- with a penis -RRB- and his/her minions . There are zero boobs to speak of , only a midget 's be-hind . Ooh , pinch me . Did I mention that Robert Englund directed this ? Did no one point out to him that gorgeous babes at a party in an R-rated horror comedy = bare breasts ? The talents of Bobby Lee -LRB- Mad TV -RRB- and Jeff Davis -LRB- Whose Line Is It Anyway ? -RRB- are totally wasted here , as well .
 Granted i have n't seen anything by this production company , but its lack of focus though out this film is painful . If you like camp films watch this film . if you like the zombie genre films , forget it its poorly done , the heroin looks crazy and pathetic even with a 4 barrel shot gun . it does cross multiple sci-fi genres but half assed all .
 RIDICULOUS !!! That 's what best describes this so-called movie . I sat through the entire movie just hoping it would redeem itself ... never happened . This script relied on profanity for humor ... did n't work . There was no storyline to speak of & the aliens were not what we normally envision . Do yourself a big favor , do n't buy this farce .
 Wow is this movie terrible , it looks like it has promise for about 2 seconds in the beginning , then it becomes an awkward and pathetic attempt to be a comedy . I honestly have no idea why the directors said that every character except the ` cool ' ` badass ' bearded guy has to scream every last syllable of dialogue they have , was that supposed to be funny ? Was that supposed to make the movie scary ? All it does is make the characters unbearable and unfortunately they do n't all die off instantly . Then there 's the tough cool bearded guy , -LRB- we 'll call him Twinkle -RRB- who 's the lamest try-hard wannabe I 've seen in a movie , he just grunts all of his lines and does n't mind when the cops scream and point guns in his face for the billionth time . What a damn sissy , he does n't even take control of the hectic situation , this guy 's supposed to be a badass ? Oh then there 's the main character girl , who is basically Twinkle 's lapdog protege , grunting her dialogue as well and having no emotional range . So you 'll either hear screaming or monotone grunting from our ` heroes ' while they try to scrape together what few braincells they have.So this group of idiots go to Twinkle 's house and eventually wander into his bomb shelter that has no food , no water , and no bathroom , it 's literally just a metal room with empty shelves , which remind the audience over and over how idiotic and spastic these guys are . It 's like watching a bunch of stoners try to survive in a zombie apocalypse or more accurately , watching paint dry . Then when our heroes are in the bomb shelter the pregnant woman decides that she 's going to have her baby in their temporary safe zone and they must leave to get the plot moving -LRB- finally -RRB- . When they 're out of the safe zone and driving around the woman suddenly can hold the baby in for the remainder of the movie , but no one decides to go back to the safe room because they 're all very , very special individuals , much like the two directors.They drive out of the town and eventually hit a wall with spikes , and in all their wisdom they decide to hang out in front of it while one of the cops attempts to climb it . If you can tell at this point Undead decides it 's not going to be a straight-forward zombie film which would help if the directors knew how to have cohesion and flow in a movie , but instead it 's all a confusing mess that barely makes sense in the last five minutes . I 've tried watching this movie twice now -LRB- the first time because the trailer made it look good , and the second time to try to laugh at how bad it is -RRB- and at the point where they reach the wall I mentally shut down , it 's that stupid . The last half of the movie is a blur of screaming , Twinkle 's bare white asscheeks -LRB- that 's the most horrifying image in this film btw -RRB- , people floating in the sky , Aliens making really awkward unfunny sex jokes , the main character poses for the cover of the movie , and it 's finally over.I ca n't even recommend this steaming pile of crap to MST3K it , it 's just so unbearably terrible . I almost forgot about the music in this film , it sounds like porno music and it constantly plays in the background of the whole movie . This is n't a movie , it 's an endurance test , you 've been warned .
 I rented this from Hollywood Video years ago and can still remember how bad it is . For some reason the ratio of good zombie movies to bad is heavily weighted to the bad side and one thing is for sure , Undead gets added to the bad/awful zombie movies . This movie tried being funny at times too but it failed at that too . If you 're a huge zombie movie fan like i am and feel the need to watch every zombie movie just so you know you 've seen it , i 'm giving you some good advice ... DO N'T waste your time or money on this crappy movie !
 This movie was awful . I am not going to go indepth with why I think so , but if I could return it for the $ 5.99 I paid for it and get paid for the time it took me to watch it ... I would ask to get reimbursed . I love `` zombie '' movies with all my heart , but mixing zombies with sci-fi did not do it for me . This movie was also NOWHERE near Peter Jackson 's `` Braindead/Dead Alive '' ... do not listen to the critic on the cover !!! Honestly I would not even recommend the rental of this movie , your time is probably more pretty valuable than the dollar to rent this `` film '' . I guess I will have to stick to the classics and next time I will Netflix a movie before I make a blind purchase .
 I love zombie movies , and have tolerated a few that were certified `` B '' movies , but this one is an absolute F movie . It 's awful , terrible , and reeks worst than the stench of the zombies that are in the film . Terrible movie score that wo n't go away , it plays throughout the duration of this silly movie . I think it 's a comedy , but the trailer is very misleading -- you 're led to believe that it 's a drama/horror film . The acting is weak and the special effects are horrible . PLEASE SPARE YOURSELF , it 's not worth the rental .
 Not as slapstick hilarious as Peter Jackson 's Dead Alive , nor as charmingly inventive as Shaun of the Dead , Undead is probably the weakest of the neo-zombie films which includes 28 Days Later , the Dawn of the Dead remake and Romero 's Land of the Dead . Undead looks great , but simply is n't . This film has some excellent cinematography . The use of shades and lights is very well executed . But that 's the only reason I gave this film 2 stars . Everything else is lame . The effects fall short , the characters weak even for a zombie film , the action sequences lacking and the gore is not enough . The only thing going for this film is the acid rain , the fact that the zombies have an extraterrestial origin as opposed to a chemical or voodoo one , and Mungo McKay 's character.A big yawn .
 This was suppose to be the film that would 've resurrected zombie films if it was released in America many years ago . This film would 've put zombie films six feet deeper into the ground . All I can say is thank God for 28 Days Later and Dawn Of The Dead resurrecting zombie films.Undead is one of the worst films ever made . The film has very cool visuals for a film that only cost $ 100,000 - $ 500,000 , but the visuals could n't save this crapfest . A boring film about meteors that films from the sky , landing in a small town , turning people into zombies . It truly gets worse when the dumb aliens from out of nowhere come into town.I can see why this was n't release in the USA , it 's a boring piece of garbage . Undead is dead ... what a waste .
 Fans of the Zombie genre will be entertained for the most part -LRB- or at least the first half -RRB- . The film has a bit of style and the effects are good most of the time , but there 's mot much here that we have n't seen before . I mean , we 're running out of ways to kill zombies folks!Anyhow , the film makers at least try to up the ante by tacking the sci-fi/aliens twist into the story , but it 's just not that interesting . And speaking of not that interesting , the characters are not fleshed out at all , and you never end of caring for any of them .
 the cover is pretty good the story if you read the back do n't say much . all the reveiws is misleading , as you watch this film it is pretty damn good in the first half but as you get further in the film it starts to go in a very horrible direction . basically the aliens were totatlly uncalled for . but it just went in a different direction from every other zombie film where they 're saying the aliens were the cause of the zombie infestation . thats the only difference other than that dont waste your money just watch a romero film . you 'll be a little more satisfied
 It seems impossible for anyone to make a decent zombie movie anymore and this is an example . This film is a mess , poor acting , silly convuluted story , dumb characters and no real thrills or chills . Also it borders on campy satire one minute and then tries to be serious horror the next . The mix of zombies , aliens , acid rain etc. is just stupid . Do not waste your time . After I watched this piece of trash I was so put off that I had to watch George Romero 's original `` Dawn of the Dead '' just to get the taste out of my mouth .
 This film has one of the worst music soundtracks I ever heard ... and it 's a shame because the it promised so much . But my guess is the producers did not have a penny left after shooting and had to create and record the music soundtrack on their 90 's home computer . It sounds like plastic music where everything is synthetic ... it 's intrusive , boring , irritating , adds nothing , expresses nothing and it 's everywhere !!!! The cinematography is also a big problem because is it too dark and most of the time it is pitch black . The basement scene is ridiculous
 The plot of Undead is still a mystery to me , even after seeing it and paying attention to every waking second , trying to figure out what in the world the movie was trying to say . Undead attempts -LRB- and fails -RRB- to be some sort of zombie movie and alien invasion movie hybrid . What starts out as an OK zombie film turns into a convoluted , unexplainable foray into aliens invading our planet . The first big problem that I had with this film , is that , of course , the characters in the beginning do n't know how to `` kill '' a zombie . At this stage in zombie cinema , I am pretty sure that any zombie film you make , the characters in the film should already know that a head shot is what takes out a zombie for good . Characters who somehow do n't know that already are simply to unbelievably frustrating to even watch onscreen . The other big problem that I had with the movie was the whole alien invasion angle they tried to play at the end . Now I do n't really care what causes your zombie infestation , but do n't try to combine genres to explain what is going on . The meteor shower at the beginning of the film was a good enough reason for me that a zombie outbreak would happen . That is as far as you need to go in a zombie film . From the moment that you explain the zombies , a zombie movie should focus on the main characters , how they survive , and doing as many gory , disgusting zombie kills as possible . Undead , unfortunately , does n't do this . In fact , it has no focus whatsoever . The whole alien thing is n't ever even explained , therefore the whole movie seems pointless , in my mind.Also , Undead seems to be another one of these horror movies that tries to be scary and funny at the same time . That just does n't work for me . Undead made me smile at a few parts , but overall I just wanted to watch a quality , independent zombie film , and what I got was some inexplicable , unfunny film that tried to play both sides of the fence when it had no reason to do so .
 Like a strange mixture of MARS ATTACKS ! and RESIDENT EVIL II , UNDEAD is too silly , smug and disjointed to be enjoyed by the serious horror fan.The first five minutes are the best with a quick character introduction and also getting right into the meteor shower that turns the living humans into flesh eating zombies . After the zombies show up is when things start getting sillier and sillier . Example
 I consider myself to be a harcore zombie fan , and I actually thought that I would like ANY zombie movie that came along -LRB- with the exception of Zombie Lake , which does n't even count as a zombie movie in my opinion , but is more of a ghost story -RRB- . Hell , I 've sat down and actually enjoyed some real hunks of crapola like `` Zombi 3 , 4 & 5 '' , `` House of the Dead '' , `` City of the Living Dead '' and even Troma 's `` Garden of the Dead '' . I honestly did n't think there would ever be a zombie movie they 'd throw at me that I plain old just would n't enjoy . Wow was I wrong . Years ago I read of UNDEAD on the internet , hailed as the `` best zombie film since Night of the Living Dead '' . Whoever said that deserves to be eaten alive , I 'm sorry.I waited years for this movie to come to the U.S. , and finally got a hold of it . I popped it into the DVD player , sat down , and was excited as ever to watch what had been reviewed as a truly great zombie film . I barely got through it . I was so incedibly dissapointed , it was the first thing in my life that I ever actually regretted spending fifteen lousy dollars on . Let me try to explain without having a heart attack . WARNING ! SPOILERS ! -LRB- if you care , which you should n't -RRB- The film opens nicely , with some really cool special effects featuring a meteor shower bombarding a happy town called Berkely . It was accompanied by a goofy , but well done soundtrack . In fact , the movie does have decent sound , and sound effects . We are also introduced to a girl named Renee , who has just been handed a butt-load of responsibilities . When she tries to escape town , her escort is eaten by a girl who had been hit by a meteor . Next , the town loony comes to the rescue with a triple barrel shotgun . Pretty good sofar , ignoring the really lame wisecracks and other failed humor . This is where the good stuff not only stops , but slams in reverse.Renee rushes after the loony in the rain , then spends about five minutes rinsing herself off with a jug of water that she finds . Next , she bangs on the door several times before finding a key and entering the house -LRB- the loony not even realizing she 's entered , but suddenly develops wolf-like hearing when she is standing right behind him -RRB- . Several more characters show up , including a ridiculous cop and his constable . The cop was obviously an attempt at comic relief , but saying the F word repeatedly , over and over , throughout the entire movie , just really is n't that funny . So anyway , a bunch of zombies break in , and the characters spend another five whole minutes shooting , and reshooting , and reshooting the same zombies before taking their time heading down the basement to a bomb shelter . The loony claims it is the only safe place , but only minutes later contradicts himself by saying they ca n't survive there because they have no food or water . So the characters waste time in the shelter trying to figure out what `` those things '' are , which is extremely difficult to watch , considering we have heard the same argument literally dozens of times in countless other zombie movies.Eventually they go back upstairs , and there is another long battle scene in which they keep shooting the same zombies over and over , and there is a waste of not only special effects , but stunts as well . The loony suspends himself from the ceiling with the spurs in his cowboy boots to fire at the zombies upside down , when it would have been much simpler and much more effective to just stand erect and shoot them . Just wasted effort to try to impress modern audiences , if you ask me . So they take their time getting to the car , more pointless shooting along the way , and eventually end up on the road , where they wash the rain off of themselves for another good while -LRB- which seems completely pointless , as if the pathogen was carried down in the rainand seeped into your pores , simply getting naked and dumping more water on yourself would do absolutely nothing to help -RRB- . There is also some boring subplot in which the loony had encountered the alien zombie plague before , but survived somehow.Next they end up in front of a giant wall surrounding the town , wasting more time trying to figure out what it is , and whether or not hey should try to climb it . So the cop decides to go for it , but meanwhile the constable spontaneously transforms into a zombie and ... ughhh , you know what , I 'll just skip to the end , the rest was so dumb I could n't even pay attention and I 'll probably get something wrong.Anyhow , in the end , it turns out that the meteor shower was an accident , and the aliens quarentined the town with a giant wall to keep the zombie infection from spreading . The aliens also `` cure '' all the zombies , which means all the ones that the people shot are now dead , and therefore fighting them was a complete waste of effort . Now I will admit , I did kind of like the ending . One of the characters who had escaped the town via a plane , is still infected with the zombie plague . Just after the aliens leave , he turns into a zombie , killing and eating people , spreading the plague across the country . The final scene is Renee in a house , holding up with several other people , and all of the towns zombies penned up in a giant cage , waiting for the aliens to return with their magical cure.Now , if the whole movie had been as fast paced and exciting as the very beginning , and the very end , the movie would have been good . But this in absolutely NO way even comes close to comparing to Night of the Living Dead . I gave this movie a few tries , but I just do not enjoy watching it at all . I very much enjoyed the movie `` Dead-Alive '' , which had the same goofy humor and foreign accents , but that movie was MUCH more exciting , entertaining and intriguing than UNDEAD . Wow , what a major disappointment , especially to someone who 's usually never disappointed by a zombie movie . That 's really saying a lot .
 This movie had one of the most confusing and baffling storyline I have ever seen . The whole movie is an chinese riddle wrapped in a enigma . Besides a ridiculous plot , this movie did have potential to be a good zombie flick . It had really good special effects and some real clever death scenes . The zombie make-up and effects were top notch . Overall , I liked the zombies and the gore , but the plot and storyline derailed this movie before it ever got started . Even after the movie was over I was still comfused over what I did and watched for the last 2 hours . If your like me and love zombies and gore , its worth waisting 2 hours of your time . If you like well-written plots and storylines do n't even come within 15 feet of this DVD .
 This was terrible , awful , no good , no fun , TOTALLY STUPID TRASH !!!!!! I thought it would be one of those hybrid -LRB- horror + comic -RRB- zombie movies but no , it was just really , really bad . Horrible effects , worse acting , stupid , pointless plot . Just avoid this thing like you would avoid a rotting zombie !
 You will not be able to playback this HD movie via the Amazon.com website , or download it to your Amazon Unbox Video Player , or playback / download it to your TiVo.You will only be able to playback this movie on your Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , Roku or other Amazon Instant Video HD compatible devices .
 Why are all these people giving it more than 1 star !! This movie is horrible . I was so excited about seeing the trailer to this movie , but even the trailer showed signs of low budgetism . But , thought , I 'll give it a try . I rented it for 3.99 using Comcast OnDemand . Boy , I 'm glad that 's all I wasted !! This movie was horrible !!! I only saw literally under 10 minutes of this awful excuse for a horror movie . I not only stopped the movie , but erased it from my cable box . Now , I 'm reading all these reviews about aliens and how they made the meteor shower happen as an experiment and also how the main character does acrobatics while killing zombies . I 'm so glad I missed all that junk . My first clue was the terrible acting . I mean horrible acting in the beginning . The music was terrible and downright silly . And some of the camera shots where out of frame I thought that it was the Pan & Scan trying to pick the right shot to see because the movie was probably shot in widescreen . But , if that was the case even that was n't done right.My strong recommendation is NOT to buy this movie . Do n't even rent the movie . My next recommendation is to watch these directors and be careful what they put out . 'Cause everyone 's got ta start somewhere , but first impressions are the most important . And these guys missed the mark !!!
 This is a horrible movie . It is nonsensical in every sense of the word . they go out of their way not to explain anything . And why does the guy have a bomb shelter with no food , water or anything ? Who takes the time to build a bomb shelter and does n't stock it up ? This is a silly movie that was trying to be funny and ended up being stupid . Avoid it like a zombie plague .
 Now please do not take this as a compliment when I say this may well have been the worst film I have ever seen . I do n't mean it like that . I do n't mean it was good awful , or even shocking . It was really , really a stinker.The characters are n't just stiff and unsympathetic -- they 're unwatchable . You literally spend the whole setup period sweating like a Vogon poetry read , just begging the zombies to come eat everyone . But then when the zombies arrive , they are the gosh-awfulest marriage of the Evil Dead style uberpowerful rip your head off zombie with the Romero style slow zombie . Huh ? It makes the kills profoundly dissatisfying . Not funny , not scary , just vaguely painful like a dull headache.Aliens are involved , but they barely have five lines of dialogue and most of them are
 I rented this DVD before I bought it and this movie started out as a good Zombie movie . I thought to myself this would be a another George R. writer and director , but boy was I wrong !! The more I watched of this movie , the stupidier this movie got !! -LRB- if stupidier is a real word . -RRB- Watch out if you want to buy this one . Aliens and undead zombies do n't mix in this combo . Somethings do n't make a whole lot of sense , and lots of questions go unanswered . The only thing going for this movie was the Special F/X , because the story line Sucked !!! Rent before you buy ! You come out cheaper !!!
 Well , i just got done watching this movie and actually went out of my way to write this review . Truthfully , i did n't catch the last 20 or so minutes because i found myself doing other things around the house and could care less about what happend.The trailers and the DVD cover of this movie is very misleading . One would think that they are going to see something from a great genre of horror movies about zombies and a group of people doing whatever it takes to survive . I 'm a big fan of Romero movies and loved 28 days later so i thought this movie would be a cool australian take-off . I could n't be more wrong . Nothing in the movie makes sense from the start . The entire movie is over the top starting with the actors . Everybody has entirely too much dialogue except for the main character who hardly says two words during the entire movie . She looks lost , confused , and out of her league . Other characters include a local pilot and his pregnant girlfriend , a `` wacky '' police sgt with his asthmatic partner , the bait & tackle clerk who never screams during the entire movie , and our heroin character who won the local beauty contest.The movie takes place in a small town in austrialia somewhere . When meteors strike the earth -LRB- and slam into people -RRB- , it unleashes a germ which causes people to become zombies . Our main characters all meet up and try to survive . However , aliens are involved so the story goes from a survival story to beams of light dressed in capes and floating around right in the middle of a big battle . The viewer is left to wonder what 's going on at first , but as the dialogue and story become unbearably bad , you find yourself not caring as the minutes tick by . I honestly could n't tell you much else because it 's just so terrible that I just simply could n't take a minute more . Bad acting , bad dialogue , over the top effects , and some of the worst camera work i 've ever seen . This movie apparently took two years to make ... imagine if they only had one ??? Another portion of this movie that makes me ill is the bait & tackle charater . He shows up out of nowhere and saves the heroin 's life like a bad clint eastwood impression -LRB- with big hat covering his eyes to boot -RRB- . Then , he walks away . When he appears again , he 's able to do these matrix style backflips -LRB- digging his `` spurs '' into the wall/ceiling -RRB- and making two pistols jump over his back and land directly into his hands . Does this guy ever miss ? What do you think ? He manages to kill about 50 zombies with his two pistols while hanging from the wall upside down . Not bad for a bait and tackle salesman living in the backwoods of australia!If you dig the gore , this one is ok ... but again , wayyyy over the top . I had no idea that one bullet from a .45 could blow someone in half . Our characters are so clueless that it actually takes them 3/4 of the movie to figure out how to shoot them in the head . I personally counted several scenes where a character is shooting a police revolver and somehow manages to get 13 shots out of a 6 shooter . Someone get NASA on the phone and explain how you can do that because i just do n't get it.The absolutely worst part of this movie , without a doubt , is the music . It never stops ! There 's never a scene without music for some reason ! And it just makes what you 're watching seem absolutely cheesy ! It reminded me of a 1950 's serial/pirate swashbuckling kind of thing with guys swinging on ropes and jumping across a gorge kind of thing . The soundtrack is truly the worst i 've ever heard with extra cheese included . Did they use up their budget on the effects ? Probably ! I found myself wishing that i could mute the music during the film!If you 're a fan of good monster / zombie movies , i beg you to pass this one by and keep on moving . It does n't make sense , the story is amazingly weak , the plot is ... well , there is n't one ... you 'll wish you could have your 2 hours back . I know i do !!!
 Was okay , I guess . I wo n't watch it again , most likely . The plot was strange , the characters were odd , and the whole premise did n't come together for me.That said , others might love it . It 's one of those movies where you either love it or you do n't .
 I would not recomend this movie to anyone . It is a waste of money even though it is kind of funny . Not happy
 This movie was kinda stupid , the beginning was all thriling and boring , and the characters were really boring , the girl cop barely did anything , zombies were everywhere and she had a gun , but she did n't do anything , she just stood there . None of those 6 people got killed by the zombies , except for the big dude with the hat on at the ending . At first people turned into zombies by meteors , after that everyone who tuened into zombies turned back into regular people , but then all of the sudden , an infection spread and turned people into zombies again . Stuuuupid ! We do n't see how the big guy looks without his hat . Not even scary , just stupid .
 This movie was the biggest disappointment ... Where to start.I thought this was supposed to be a good zombie flick in the tradition of the Romero Trilogy , or at least along the lines of 28 Days Later , Resident Evil , etc. . No such thing ! This is a ridiculous spoof of a movie , with an incredibly stupid alien -LRB- yes , little green men -RRB- plot . The effects are totally ridiculous with some CGI that look as if they were put together using a Commodore 64 . Acting is actually alright but the plot is so useless and weak that this apparent talent get totally wasted.Go ahead and watch it but be forewarned ...
 Undead fails on acting and the story was boring and it dragged too much !!!!!! The beginning of the movie was cheesy and even the music was cheesy !!!!!!! Please stay away from this zombie movie its not worth your time or even worth the money to rent it either !!!!
 I see why this movie was not released on big theatres in the US . After all the hype I heard about this movie , I could not wait to see this movie . The trailers looked great , the reviews were all positive . How did this movie go so wrong ? I really wanted to like this movie . It 's terrible , nothing else to say . A guy punches zombie fish in the face ... yes , you read that correctly .
 Do n't feel bad ... I 'm a bit of a zombie geek myself . This movie still did n't have much for me though . 2.5 Stars maybe , but definately not 3 . Typical zombie flick , tongue-in-cheek humor and gore-o-plenty . Hot chick , big hillbilly hero -- wait ... big hillbilly hero ? Yeah ... it did n't work out so well.Expect this one to start off fun -- get really really sluggish in the middle -- and then finish off pretty strong.Not such a bad film considering it was probably low-budget ... but it was the middle of the film that gets it such a bad rating . I 'm telling you though ... this one ends with a whopper ... whatever the hell a `` whopper '' is ... This one 's a RENT ... and that 's only if you 're one of the aforementioned geeks .
 I can see how this movie could be compared to early Sam Raimi movies but the difference is Raimi did it well and of course there is Bruce Cambell . This movie seems kind of like Evil Dead 2 . It tries to be funny and scary . It does have its moments , but it is too all over the place . It just becomes a more ridiculous series of events that dont really work together or at least arent explained very well .
 A low budget , god awful Australian zombie flick that spends more time on aliens , giant spaceships and staggering survivor incompetance than zombies . The action scenes and gunplay utterly abandon realism for many traumatizing attempts at humor-action and it all just falls complpetely flat . Maybe you 're looking for a zombie flick `` so bad it 's good '' , Undead is just `` so bad '' . Period . While you are punished like a captive audience with the stupidity and boring/awful dialogue of the survivors , you can really view every one of them with contempt wishing `` Die . Please die . '' . Even the fisherman who thinks and acts like he 's in The Matrix and sprouts pistols from his buttocks with a little flick of his hips complete with `` boing '' sound effect while wielding a triple shotgun ; yes they found a way to make THAT awful in every way.And the box art is a lie . You will never see a chick in a gas mask with a triple shot gun do anything in this film . Except the end . For a single quick pose at an utterly lame ending.It has one virute . I 've never before seen a crowd of commatose floating people in close formation high in the sky , being hit with a small place . Viewers can check that off their list of things to see at least , while asking themselves wtf that scene is doing in a supposed zombie flick . To be fair , the zombie effects are n't bad at all , so long as all they 're doing is snarling at you menacingly . 28 Days/Weeks does it better , but these are n't so bad .
 I love a good zombie flick and this was not one of them . Too cheesy for me . I 'm sure someone else appreciates this style of movie .
 The film that tries too hard to be Dead Alive without the interesting direction and the continuity and much of the fun . Certain zombies that have been disposed of in one seen tend to reappear in other scenes . The main characters boyfriend was literally sliced in half as a zombie . However , he attacks later in the film and one can see he 's miraculously in one piece . A child zombie is brained at the beginning of the film and she 's mark free in another scene.The acting is wooden and the characters were forgettable . They even started to annoy me after the first 30 minutes . Everyone knows that zombies are taken out with a shot to the head . Apparently , the good people of Berkley never saw a Romero film . The characters shot the Zombies with clumsy abandon . Until the someone happens to hit one of them in noggin with a well placed shot between the eyes.Other than those complaints , the movie surprisingly keeps one guessing at the plot twists . The film comes together really well , and I do n't want to ruin the surprise at the climax . Just in case one does want to see , Un dead.Should you find the film at the library , or a friend lends it to you or you catch it on cable on demand . By all means sit down and enjoy it . However , I really do n't recommend buying it . Buy Peter Jacksons ' Dead Alive , it 's a better film if one can actually get through it without vomiting , it 's really that hard to watch , but worth it none the less .
 I do n't understand ? I thought I was going to rent this movie and at least get a somewhat exciting night . I 've thought about watching it again just to be sure about what I saw , but I can honestly say that the first time around was pretty bad . The music was terrible , the acting was sickening , and the scene was more like a carnival going every which way . This could 've been a worth while movie but it just basically turned out to be a sideshow . I 'm left with the feelings of not knowing if this was supposed to be funny or horrific ?
 The Spierig Brothers have done what I previously thought impossible . Made a movie about zombies which is utterly boring . Whoever edited this picture should be shot , it has the worst pacing and narrative flow outside of `` Manos the Hand of Fate '' . Decent special effects , not enough death and gore , stupid plot , HORRIBLE music , weak characters , utterly atrocious dialogue and idiotic imagery.An extremely poor representation of what Australia is capable of producing . Take my advice and watch `` Shaun of the Dead '' or `` Braindead '' if you want a GOOD zombie comedy .
 Undead Who in the world would come out with a great title for a movie that did not even make any since . My sister brought me this movie , I looked at her like she lost her mind , after watching it . What was up with the cast ? The all act like they were in shock and could n't budge . And what was up with the aliens , that took the movie into another spin all together . But if you just are bored and have nothing to watch this movie is just for you .
 This film was pretty bad . I 'm a huge fan of this genre , and this movie was meant to be a throwback to older zombie/horror flicks , but I can find none of the elements which made those movies so great in this one . It 's plot is off-the-wall , but not in an interesting way -- rather , in a nonsensical way . Visually , this movie was pretty good , and that was its only redeeming feature . The dialogue was horrible in most parts , and was for the most part laughable , but again , not in a good way . In the making-of video , the writer/director/producer whatever says he wanted the score to be more action/adventure than horror ; but to be honest though , it sounds more like `` Honey I Shrunk the Kids '' -LRB- no joke -RRB- . This was one of the worst aspects of the film in my opinion , and it alone would have ruined the whole movie for me if the rest of it had not been pretty bad as well .
 I have seen bad and well then there is this . . The movie is about , as the title say the undead doing what the undead do in these kind of movies . What we have here is a thin plot that makes no sense including the ending which will leave you absolutely clueless as to what happened . The acting is poor at best and the characters are moronic . The directing is amatuer adding up to one big train wreck . One character played by Mungo Mckay is about as annoying as they come . He basically talks like a retard or mentally challenged for the politically correct here . After about 5 minutes it kind of gets a slight bit annoying . He carries a shot gun similar to the one Reggie Bannister carried in the phantasm series . . Sorry boys I saw the film too . . He moves like a slug until he unleashes 2 of his pistols which he carries about 90 of them . But we just do n't pull them out we have to throw them around like a majorette tossing her baton with all the flip spin and twist moves you can imagine . I mean get real . And lastly lets not forget the story told by Mungo himself about getting attacked by the 10 '' fish . A real tear jerker guaranteed not to leave a dry eye in the house . . In short you have a bunch of idiots running around shooting up ammo that they do n't have accomplishing absolutley nothing . do n't buy this . If you can email me you can have mine . and if your not satified do n't send it back .
 I normally buy all my DVDs off of Amazon and when this one came out I checked the price on it and read the reviews . THANK GOD I came across a few reviews that rated the movie as horrible . So , Instead of buying it on Amazon , I got it off of Ebay for $ 6.00 . And , it was the worst $ 6.00 I ever spent . -LRB- Thanks again to that review -RRB- This movie was outright TERRIBLE . Some say it is funny , now that one I dont ' get unless you are using an illeagal substance.Others say that this movie is right up there with all the other Zombie movies , and to that I say , `` Which ones have you been watching ? `` I gave this movie only 1 star for the gore and I am a DIE-HARD ZOMBIE MOVIE FAN . The acting was terrible and the story was well , just outright stupid . I mean COME ON PEOPLE - A fisherman who used to own a gun shop is the best they can do for one of the main actors ? Especially with all of his gun props . 3 Shotguns together as a weapon , hey , cool ideas , but again
 This movie was terrible . Whoever called this film a classic must be very easily entertained . What 's with the people hanging in mid-air ? What 's with the rain ? What 's with the aliens ? Where did the zombies come from ? Why were the zombies still there after the aliens left?This is a classic ` the editor should have been fired ' film .
 we all like b movies . but this s-movie -LRB- sh-t -RRB- forget it . -LRB- i rate this 0 stars but there system will not let me -RRB-
 This movie deserves to be shelved . I have losted faint in the Australian movie Industry , being a zombie movie fan you would think I would love this movie well no . House of the dead was way more enjoyable then this cliched pile of Aussie wonder . The gore scenes are big let downs sure there are moments but they are nothing to Braindead in which critics bascially say Undead is the Australia version of braindead . This is the reason why we should n't make movies unless we have decent actors and a directable script and it 's shot overseas.Here is two things people in the Australia movie Industry can change to make their movies more enjoybleSterotypical characters eg A facist cop that even with the undead hordes he is bent on taking the guns off Marion , come on who would do that in real life?Be with the plot and the dialog do n't make up dialog as you go.In short this movie is a dog and needs to be put to rest.Ignore my grammer and see that this movie is hopeless . I watched it twice to see if my mind can be change , I wanted to enjoy this movie as much as other decent zombies but Undead fell flat . Do n't waste your money house of the dead was better .
 I like hockey and watched the trailer for this movie before I purchased it . I thought the trailer did n't look too bad . Boy was I wrong !!!! I figured it would be neat to own a movie that had a character in the movie with a similar name to my own . Thats the high light of this movie the cover art . I could not even finish this movie . Had to keep using the fast forward function . The only funny parts were of Sure Shot the hockey player . Everything else was filler . Save your money . This is a ZERO star movie .
 Pros
 Doing many job interviews , finishing your thesis , and waiting for the upcoming graduation . At least `` Abandon '' succeeds in presenting credible characters facing the end of their days in university , and their nervous and unstable mental conditions . The problem is , the central plot is not about them.Katie Holmes plays Katie Burke , intelligent -LRB- and a little bit icy -RRB- student preparing for the unnerving job interview with the first-rate company . But what is more unnerving for her is the loss of her boyfriend Embry -LRB- Charlie Hunnham , `` Nicholas Nickleby -RRB- , who has been missing for the last two years , and nobody knows whether he is dead or alive.Before her , a handsome police detective -LRB- Benjamin Bratt -RRB- appears , who is trying to locate Embry . While trying to forget all about her past , and seeing the possibility of new love in front of her , Katie still can not help daydreaming about her lost love . And it seems Embry also wants to come back since she keeps on ` seeing ' him on campus or in her room . But is she just dreaming , or what?The premise is interesting , but the result is not . We have little to find or detect from the beginning , and on the way the film starts to act as if it 's not a thriller . Without occasional episodes -LRB- like the ` eyes ' staring Katie -RRB- , you forget this is supposed to be a thriller . I actually began to think that I was mistaken in supposing it 's a thriller . It is . The thing is , it is done with a too thin material to make a chilling thriller.The chacaters are interesting , all of them being the ones you know you see around you . Melanie Lynskey and Zooey Deschanel give us precious support , but their characters have nothing to do with the central plot . Their credible performance only enhances the cold atmosphere of the film , which grows more and more pretentious as it goes on.Academy-winner for the adaptaion for `` Traffic , '' Stephen Gaghan seems interested in multi-layered script . That is nice as long as you get an interesting story , interesting enough for us to care the incidents and characters in the story . There are many layers here , among which nothing sunstantial can be found .
 It was on of the very rare instances that i watch a movie that i almost do n't know anything about , and for Abandon i have only heared it was an EDGY thriller , i have put the DVD into the DVD player wishing to see this SUPPOSED edgy thriller and here what i have seen.Katie Holmes plays a senior at a respectable College who has lost her boyfriend Embry -LRB- Charlie Hunnam -RRB- who has been absent for two years , she is under a great pressure on completing her thesis when the mysterious disappearance of her lost boyfriend starts to chew on her nerves , and things starts to get more complicated when the detective Wade -LRB- Benjamin Bratt -RRB- begins his investigations on the disappearance . The above plot summary can may sounds promising for some kind of stereotype thriller and that would have been may be satisfactory for some viewers , but actually Abandon did n't even reach this level , the movie is cursed by three huge flaws , the first one is the Screenplay which did n't do it 's job for capturing the viewer 's attention and creating the haunting atmosphere required for this movie , some characters motivation are not clear and not explainable at all , including the good twist at the end of the movie which really gave a few refreshing moments but did n't help the movie itself much , also the movie 's pace was very strange and was affected by the second flaw which is the editing of this movie , the editing actually was miss done , cutting at strange moments and doing three separate paths for the events needed more skillful editing , only one or two jumping scenes were served by the editing , the third flaw is the miss casting which resulted in casting extremely two unsuitable actors for two rules in this movie , and I am talking here about the Detective role played by Benjamin Bratt who looks convincing in himself as an actor but he really was n't convincing at all in the Detective 's role , giving strange starings and unenthuasim performance in the very wrong places , the second mistake in casting came in the very irritating Charlie Hunnam , the problem about him was that he has been put in a role that requires some one with a haunting charisma -LRB- which he lacks completely , not the haunting charisma only but the acting charisma at well -RRB- , only Katie Holmes was great in her role but without any use because the movie itself did n't help her . Director Stephen Gaghan tried to create a semi spooky atmosphere for his movie , he seems obsessed with Steven Soderberg 's style of directing and he tried to immitate it with the same shuddering distant shots he used -LRB- very obvious in the bedroom scene between Holmes and Bratt -RRB- but his immitation was simply void , also the movie is filled with some beautiful shots and somehow good musical score , but all of these did n't help to cure it 's curses . DVD FEATURES
 I would n't give it much time . -LSB- ... -RSB- . This movie was stretched into an hour and a half of what could have been covered in a 10 minute short story . And not even a good short story at that . Anybody who did n't see this ending coming needs to get some shock therapy treatments.This movie gets 1 star because Holmes and Bratt 's acting was enough for 2 , but the Heath Ledger wannabe ex-boyfriend was just plain bad . Why would anybody want to be Heath Ledger anyway?Bottem line - just skip it and save your money .
 this one makes your blood thin . I watched this expecting a lot of twists but it didnt , only the end . Katie Holmes -LRB- The Gift , First Daughter -RRB- is beautiful as always but we dont feel for her character . Benjamin Bratt -LRB- Tv 's Law and Order , Pinero -RRB- is always watchable but his character seems a little bit out of shape and Charlie Humane or whatever his last name is , is boring as hell as Holmes supposedly dead boyfriend . theres moments where you keep wondering , theres moments where you get headaches like that scene where Holmes and friends get high and its like 4 minutes of blue flashing . anyways it wasnt that good but it wasnt horrible . Stephen Gaghan wrote a even better movie called Traffic . Also starring Fred Ward -LRB- Corky Romano , Tremors -RRB- , Gabrielle Union -LRB- Bad Company , Bad Boys 2 -RRB- and Tony Goldwyn -LRB- Kiss The Girls , Kuffs -RRB-
 The trailers make this film a chilling thriller with some cool twists but really it is a slow moving piece of junk . The characters , Katie and Embry , are mediocure and poorly used . The screenplay was a fluke ! I mean , who wrote it ? Most of the flashbacks that Katie recives do n't even make sense -- dont fit into the movie at all . And the so called stalker-dead boyfriend does not even do his role of ` scaring ' the audience . We , the audience , were supposed to be ` moved ' but this film doesnt deliver . All razzle , no dazzle . What a waste of 90 min.Note that the ending of the movie will shock you beyond belief . You will NOT expect it at all . I say that it somehow ' saved ' the film , but it was a poor save nonetheless . Watch at your own risk .
 The acting performances here are really mediocre -LRB- bad -RRB- which spoils the whole movie regardless of story . The photo was good .
 ... when I woke up at the end , I found out the ending from my bf that it is just as I predicted midway through the story . No mystery at all , very predictable , slow and boring .
 ... Me and the roomie went to see it one Friday night and when it was over , I literally was on the floor laughing and crying for at least five minutes.I actually was intrigued at first until it became clear that it was all in her head , and she was the psycho . For the life of me , I ca n't remember what movie this was trying to be.This is one of the movies you watch just to make fun of and point out the problems .
 Oh Charlie ! You are so great in UNDECLARED and here , in ABANDON , they must have pulled you off the set of UNDECLARED , not even giving you a moment to change your hairdo by a single curl , and wearing the same outfits you wear as the egotistical British roommate in the sitcom , and they ask you to adopt an American accent and play a driven , high modernist composer of all things , so ludicrous . No one who watches the movie believes that Katie Holmes ' character could fall for you because you 're so pretentious and shallow . And the name of your character -- `` Embry Larkin '' ! We have a Larkin Street here in San Francisco ... but mostly every time I heard the name Embry I wondered if they call you `` Embryo '' as a pet name.And Katie ? Why take a part in which your character 's name is the same as your own ? Is this supposed to be a Robert Altman sort of Pirandello exercise ? You 're on the screen , looking earnest , and a voice interrupts you saying , `` Katie ? '' And you look up , blush , and say , `` Yes '' ? Is it acting or is it real life?And watching those scenes now where Katie meets with her understanding , lecherous psychiatrist are just mindblowing now that everyone knows you and Tom are totally against psychiatrists and want to crush them ! Katie delivers a `` crushing '' putdown to Tony Goldwyn , the poor actor playing the psychiatrist , that ties right in with Hubbard 's dismissal of psychiatry -- was it planned that way ? Were n't you still with Chris Klein when you filmed ABANDON ? Or was this some sort of psychic pipeline into the future -- a future in which the bodies of psychiatrists lie mangled , or dripping blood from lampposts ? And Tony Goldwyn of all people ! Of course I thought it was `` him '' was who the killer . Nobody who saw GHOST with Demi Moore and Patrick Swayze could ever fully trust him again . Good casting ! Except for you and Charlie . And Benjamin Bratt , you look so bruised and puffy in this film it 's like you got out of three rounds with Rocky Marciano and then bobbed up in front of the film cameras -- get him a bag of ice to put on his poor face !
 What a lame , boring movie . Did the producers have money to burn when making this ? Benjamin Bratt . . You have done , and can do much better than being in such a lackluster movie
 First , I might as well get the negativity out of the way.I 'm not denying that Katie Holmes is a good actress . It just seems to me that she plays the same bland `` I 'm trying to get over a problem that I never really resolve '' character . MOVE ON . MIX IT UP . YOU ARE BETTER THAN THESE KIND OF ROLES . And as for Benjamin Bratt ... he was a better cop on Law and Order than this movie . Now as for the good ... Will McCormack , you NEVER disappoint me ! He 's a great actor to me because he has these supporting parts that if anyone else had played them , I would not have remembered them but with him , you make an effort to remember . A great actor to me also because even with a small part , he makes the effort to try to stick in your mind . Anyone who has seen this man in American Outlaws will have some idea of what I 'm talking about . It 's also good to see Gabrielle Union in movies . Melanie Lynskey ... better in the movie Detroit Rock City . Zooey Deschanel ... better in Almost Famous and the New Guy . Now as to the actor who really kept me with this movie ... Charlie Hunnam ! He is -LRB- to me -RRB- undeniably gorgeous in this arrogant way -LRB- love him better with his English accent -RRB- and the intensity he brought to Embry Larkin was chilling . He dominates the screen with his ... , in control of every situation attitude . Best example of this comes in the first scene where he 's conducting the chorus and then with KH and throwing her planner out the window saying `` no one this organized ever had time for sex . '' He makes the most of his screen time and I ca n't wait to see more from this actor.To wrap it up . . Abandon ... whatever . They say there are some movies that are like you either like 'em or do n't . To this ... I 'm gon na have to say `` meh ... I 'm indifferent ''
 ** 1/2 `` Abandon '' is yet another in a long line of mystery films in which the audience is supposed to be thrown for a loop when it comes time for the filmmakers to unveil their `` surprise , turnabout '' ending . Only , in this case , most reasonably intelligent filmgoers should be able to spot the outcome miles ahead of the characters.Katie Holmes stars as Katie Burke , an attractive but overstressed college student who has had serious abandonment issues ever since her father left her when she was a little girl . It turns out that Katie was also dumped by her boyfriend , Embry Larkin , two years ago when he mysteriously vanished from school without a trace . Benjamin Bratt plays Wade Handler , a detective sent to investigate the disappearance who believes that the boy may have met with foul play . Suddenly , Katie starts seeing Embry popping up in various places around campus . Has he returned or is someone playing a cruel and vicious game on the distraught young woman ? `` Abandon '' provides passable entertainment for undemanding mystery buffs , I suppose , but the film , as a whole , is neither particularly suspenseful nor particularly intriguing . The details of Bratt 's past , which are supposed to somehow figure into his psychology , are so sketchily filled in that we have almost no idea of what the trauma was that supposedly turned his life around . Katie 's issues are a little more clearly outlined , but her character still emerges as little more than a pop psychology clich&eacute; - as is the whole movie , in fact , when you come right down to it . `` Abandon '' is not really a bad film , just an instantly forgettable one . Chances are it might fit the bill on one of those long , lonely nights when the brain goes into snooze mode and anything of any real substance just seems too taxing .
 Katie Holmes is utterly wasted on this movie . It starts off interesting , with Holmes trying to pick up her life after her boyfriend vanishes , but quickly goes downhill from there . We learn that she has been left first by her father , then by Embry ... and that this is her worst fear . What is supposed to be a surprise twist ending is anything but , because the least astute of viewers can quickly figure this one out . The empty ending - with her about to be left by yet another lover - resolves nothing . Get the DVD of `` Dawson 's Creek '' instead . It 's far more entertaining .
 I went in to Abandon with high expectations , I left very disappointed . The first hour is what I expected it to be interesting and paced well , if not very exciting . But the last half-hour just ruins the movie . What starts out as an above-average thriller from the beginning ends in a muddle with an EXTREMELY disappointing ending that will make you wish you did n't invest in what you just watched.What the film does do right , it does very well . Such as the casting of Katie Holmes and Benjamin Bratt . They 're both very good in their roles and do what they can with a very bad script . Also , the film does a good job of keeping a dark atmosphere and making us care up to final 30 minutes where it just falls apart.BOTTOM LINE
 All I can say about this movie is that I guessed how the whole story was gon na go just by watching the trailer and a few interviews with Katie Holmes . This movie is not for the thinking kind and moves so slowly that you 'll wish you were the one halluciniting and not the characters in the movie . All the actors did a fine job . And Ms. Holmes turned in yet another terrific performance giving this movie its only redeeming quality . However , I went to this movie to see a thriller and a mystery , hoping for a few scares , but I came out of it sad . Sad that the main character has so many problems in her life and sad that I did n't go see The Ring instead .
 I am a big fan of Katie Holmes , but I ca n't deny that this movie is boring and disappointing . I was literally falling asleep in the movie theatre . In fact , I think I only focused in on half of the movie . I would not recommend this as a movie to watch over again .
 There are so many things wrong with this film , I feel like ruining the ending for everyone just so they do n't have to waste two hours of their life watching this drivel . I have no idea what the Oscar-winning Writer -LRB- can the academy take an award back ? -RRB- was thinking here
 This is n't scary at all . The plot was easily figured out , and I saw the `` surprise ending '' from a mile away . This is n't horror this is junk , I highly recommend not seeing this or Swimfan , because both lack 1 . -RRB- ORIGINALITY and 2 . -RRB- PLOT ! So skip this and see something else .
 I fell asleep while watching this horrible movie . Benjamin Bratt is horrible in this movie . I hated his character . The movie could have been a lot better but it ends up being pointless and stupid .
 ... for a mystery/thriller , there was very little that was mysterious or thrilling . From the first 15 minutes of the film , the end was obvious . Call me crazy , but I like plot twists that I do n't see coming a mile away.But hey , it could have been worse - it could have been Disturbing Behavior .
 The movie itself is pretty bad , but as a McGill graduate , I was pleasantly surprised when I was flipping channels and happenned upon scenes of Leacock , Upper Rez , Douglas Hall , the Royal Vic Hospital , and even the football field that our proud Redmen share with the Montreal Alouettes . Definitely worth checking out ...
 I saw this in the theaters and wanted to burn all the copies . The ending makes absolutley NO sense , and the story pretty much -LSB- stinks -RSB- . It was also OVER HYPED and the dvd -LSB- is bad -RSB- . AVOID EYE CONTACT !
 Yep , a good acting and a story begining well until you lose the plot and finally understand the illusion things easily . Then the end that messes up the whole plot with an unroginal twist if we can still call that `` A twist '' . A pity ! They could have made a very scary movie out from this .
 I never , ever thought I 'd say it ... but Katie Holmes on screen about 98 % of the time just did n't do enough to make this movie worth it . Decent premise , I suppose . Boyfriend missing , recovering alcoholic cop on the verge of a relapse . It just does n't add up , and there 's a supposed `` twist '' at the end can be guessed as soon as you learn the premise . Coulda been better .
 First off , starting with the positives - ` Abandon , ' on DVD contains an above average video transfer and a superb , well mixed Dolby 5.1 audio track . The score is moody and foreboding without being too over the top as well . The disc extras are somewhat light with your typical ` making of ' featurette and 8 or so deleted scenes that are instantly forgettable.On the downside the storyline borders on meager . As a psychological crime thriller this film would 've been better suited as a 22 minute episode of ` Alfred Hitchcok Presents ' rather then the 98 minute feature it was stretched out to be . Couple this with the overall lackluster performances and you 're left with a flick you could well do without unless you find yourself nursing a hangover one morning with nothing better to do .
 When I noticed that the writer for `` Abandon '' was also responsible for writing `` Traffic , '' I was expecting to see a pretty good , if not wonderful movie . What I got was a predictable , run of the mill , hollywood mystery/thriller . It reminded me of the teen thrillers that are being put out in abundance and this one is no different.I was expecting that the movie would have twists and turns , but throughout the movie , these twists and turns are not that , when you pretty much know what is going to happen . The first big tip off is when Katie 's boyfriend returns and only interacts with her , and disappears and reappears on a whim . Its quite obvious that something is not right with Katie . I 'll say no more.The performances by Katie Holmes and Benjamin Bratt are not bad , considering the script is n't all that great , and probably looks better on paper than on film . If you want a `` smart '' mystery , then look elsewhere . If you just want to be semi-entertained and do n't care whether the film is predictable or not , then I would rent it . But , I 'm just one person with an opinion on the movie , you never know , maybe you 'll enjoy it .
 You know when you watch a movie half-way through and you get the general idea of what the movie was about , but you 're not quite sure of all the details of the plot ? That 's the same feeling I got when I watched Abandon all the way through . The movie had a sense of direction equal to that of a chicken with its head cut off . The plot just kind of staggered around , did n't really go anywhere . There are points in the film where you can tell that suspense is trying to be created , but there is n't any real ground here to build suspense . You feel like you should be expecting something riveting to happen , but you 're not sure what , and nothing really happens . Overall , there 's some okay points in the film involving character development and preformance , but that 's not enough to save this mostly uninteresting and inconclusive movie .
 I was disappointed at the end of this movie ... disappointed I wasted 91 minutes of my life ! I did give the films two stars
 Katie is under pressure . She faces the stress of college and answering incessent questions about her boyfriend Embry 's mysterious disapperance . Wade Handler questions the confused Katie and also starts to become attracted to her . As Wade 's investigation nears an end , he learns strange facts about the disapperence.This film did not even make sense in the first 3 seconds . I was confused throughout and bored out of my mind . Katie Holmes does the best you can do with a bad script and bad storyline . Benjamin Bratt , who also gives a good performance as the investigator who examines the disappperence , was not in the film enough and deserved more scenes . The director , Stephen Gaghan , overworked the script -LRB- which he wrote -RRB- and get lost in his own directing . The plot tries so many twists but they never fully turn.Its probably one of the worst thrillers I have ever seen because there is not one thrilling second in this film . Rent if you like the actors , but for no other reason . Too bad , I thought this looked good .
 I 'm not a person that is easily bored but I could not wait until this movie was over . The only reason I continued to watch it was just because I wanted to see the end -LRB- which , by the way -RRB- was pretty predictable . I did n't watch it at the theater and I did n't rent it either . It just happened to be on one day and that is why I even started watching it . Final verdict
 The talent and beauty of its stars ca n't save `` Abandon '' from being a muddled mess of a film . This was the directorial debut of writer Stephen Gahagan , who won the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar for `` Traffic , '' and it is a psychological thriller about a college student under a lot of stress -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- , and the disappearance of her ex-boyfriend -LRB- Charlie Hunnam -RRB- being investigated by a cop -LRB- Benjamin Bratt -RRB- . There are numerous flashbacks that blend into the present and start to get a little jumbled , and Bratt tries to figure out who is who and what is real or imagined , as he finds himself falling in love with Holmes.Clint Mansell 's score tries to heighten the tension with some eerie/spooky sounds , but instead the music becomes repetitious and annoying , and the end result of this film is that the intentions by all were good , but none of the pieces fit together to make a cohesive whole.Benjamin Bratt is a magnificent specimen of the human species , and Katie Holmes has a lithe grace and an appealing vulnerability that make these two fine actors a pleasure to watch , and one hopes they both have a future full of great scripts and success.If it is on the small screen , Bratt and Holmes make this film well worth watching , but it is too contrived -LRB- and in many instances silly -RRB- a plot , even for a rental.Others in the cast include Zooey Deschanel as Samantha , Fred Ward as Lt. Stayton , Melanie Lynskey as Julie , and Gabriel Mann as Harrison . Total running time is 99 minutes .
 This movie is so boring I ca n't even really put it into words . When they kept switching to the scene where shes in the snow or something I thought I was gon na fall asleep I swear to God . The ending is the only thing that saved this movie from a horrible review . But still , I dont reccomend this . It 's not scary at all and there 's no scenes that even make you jump . None of my friends like this movie , and I have n't seen too many good reviews on it , so it 's not going to do very well .
 I have rarely , if ever , turned off a movie . I did with this one . I do n't know where to start with it . Suffice it to say , it lacks any serious plot - it stumbles around looking to create one , but it does not have one . I constantly got the feeling that someone edited out about an hour of the movie . I could go on for hours , but I wo n't . Just save yourself the trouble and leave this one alone !
 Not only is Abandon poorly written , but boring as well.Without Katie Holmes , `` Abandon '' would have been like `` Hardvard Man '' without Sarah Michelle Gellar , a long , boring Bore-Fest ! Well , anyway , `` Abandon '' is about a success-driven college student Katie -LRB- played by Holmes -LRB- who else ?! -RRB- And Katie 's Boy firend Embry -LRB- ?? -RRB- has been missing for two years . And the the Dective -LRB- Bratt -RRB- and he is invetigating his disappearance . So , thats about it . There are also some jumper -LSB- scenes -RSB- in the movie.When the end finally came I was so glad . Not only because the movie I wasted $ $ $ ... and about two hours of my life was over , but also because the end was a shocker ! So all in all , to be frank , this movie STUNK mayjorly !! P.S. I only gave this movie a star , because I could n't leave without one . Otherwise , I would give this stinker a big fat ZERO!ZILCH ! NADA !
 I 'm not sure how to explain this movie.I actually think that Katie Holmes gives a very solid performance . A troubled girl who holds many mysteries inside her head . She plays it well . I think even proves that she 's a very good actress , if given a better surrounding.It 's the things around her that are so bland , that you never really care . The story has no build . It has no muscle . The characters around her are flat and non-dimensional . Benjamin Bratt 's character , and no fault of his own , is undeveloped . The story is even more non-dimensional . The suspense is so flat , that you never get involved.It could have been a good movie ... if you can manage to sit through the monotone delivery that plagues the movie throughout , it actually has a decent payoff in the end .
 This movie is so slow . I was spacing out while watching it . The characters are so two dimentional . Katie Holmes is a beautiful actress but she cant act . The real saver of this movie is Zooey Deschanel whose beauty and outgoing character is the only good point .
 Oh no ! There is this college guy who has been missing for two years ! And now the police are investigating it ! Benjamin Bratt is the cop ! Katie Holmes is the missing guy 's girlfriend ! And a guy who looks a lot like the Naked Chef is the missing guy himself ! Is he dead ? Or did he just leave for unknown reasons?Who cares ? From the writer who brought us award-winning `` Traffic '' comes this flop of a film that is neither suspenseful nor very interesting . My very first question at the beginning of the film was , why are the cops just getting around to investigating this kid 's disappearance ? I mean , two years is an awful long time not to look for someone . This question was never really answered , but I 'm okay with that . What I 'm not okay with is the fact that I wasted money on the rental , and an hour and a half of my time . Katie Holmes is a good actress , do n't get me wrong , but she can rarely find a decent movie role -LRB- the few exceptions are `` Wonder Boys '' and `` The Gift '' -RRB- . This movie here proves it . She plays Katie , a hard-working college student who seems to attract guys like flies . A couple of years ago she attracted Embry , a really talented guy , but kinda jerky . Then one day he goes missing , and no one really knows why . Enter Benjamin Bratt as the detective in search of answers . He and Katie get pretty close during his investigation , especially after Katie tells him that Embry is back in town and is stalking her . Hmm . Sounds exciting , right ? Well , not really . The film ends with a twist - one that would have been really good had I not figured it out half-way through the movie.The DVD is not that much better than the film itself . It 's got a couple of deleted scenes with director commentary , but they are nothing special . If you watch the trailer for the film , you 'll notice a lot of clips are nowhere in the film , or in the deleted scenes . You will also notice , as I did when I first saw this trailer months ago in the theater , that the trailer practically gives everything away . So all in all , this DVD is not that great a deal . One of the few things that I somewhat liked about the film was Zooey Deschanel , who played one of Katie 's friends . I adored her in `` The Good Girl '' , and she is the only interesting one in the whole film - and she 's barely in it at all . So if you 're looking for something good to watch , please do what I wish I had done
 Summary : Katie Burke -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- is a star student at a prestigious Ivy League university . She is supported by well-deserved scholarships and seems to be able to pick and choose whom she will date . However , when she was a young undergraduate student she was n't quite as well known and felt somewhat lucky to be noticed by and eventually dating Embry Larkin -LRB- Charlie Hunnam -RRB- , who happens to be the most popular and controversial guy on campus.Most of the information we have on their relationship comes out as backstory flashbacks . The current story is actually the meeting of Katie with Wade Handler -LRB- Benjamin Bratt -RRB- , a police officer who has been assigned to find Embry who disappeared several years previously.When Wade begins questioning Katie two things happen
 Note
 Abandon is supposed to be about a college student -LRB- the character of Katie Holmes -RRB- whose boyfriend goes missing , and a detective goes around searching for clues concerning his whereabouts . It fails . It fails miserably in fact.Where do I start ? Alright , in my experience with movies starring Katie Holmes , the storyline seems to take a back seat so we can focus on Katie Holmes and how she reacts to everything taking place around her -LRB- and of course , place MAJOR emphasis on how attractive she is -RRB- . That 's a problem for movie lovers expecting to witness a compelling storyline , because it means viewers ca n't get attached to the suspense factor of the storyline at * all * . It 's impossible to get attached to a movie that does n't even care about suspense , in fact.What makes it an even BIGGER problem is that Katie Holmes usually shows very little emotion anyway , and Abandon is no exception . So what point were the writers trying to make by focusing on the character of Katie Holmes but ignoring the actual plot development?Besides the noticeable problems with Katie Holmes , we have the disturbing matter of the detective I 'd like to bring to your attention . He 's * terrible * . He 's not even remotely believable , and in fact , throughout the movie he basically acted like another college student the way he 'd constantly downplay the situation involving a missing student . He even felt an attachment to Katie Holmes as the story rolled along . Ugh , it was really pathetic.Like I said above , the suspense is about as unspectacular as you can possibly imaginable . No interesting storyline , no atmosphere , and no reason to even watch Abandon unless you really really believe Katie Holmes * alone * makes a movie . I hope you do n't believe such a thing because real movie fans would find this incredibly offensive .
 I hate it when there is a movie that I am dying to see , then I see it and it 's a huge disappointment . Katie Holmes in a psychological thriller was the reasoning is seeing this movie , unfortunately this movie is a predictable , boring mess . It is very slow moving and takes a good hour for anything exciting to happen . Katie is a college student whos boyfriend Embry disappeared 2 years ago . Benjamin Bratt plays the detective reassigned to the case . All the sudden , Katie starts seeing Embry watching her , in cars , etc etc. . What happened to Embry ? is the big question . Well , we eventually find out in the end , but there are to many unneeded scenes before we find out . The ending is a bit predictable , but I do have to say Katie Holmes is wonderful in the movie , and because of her , I did n't see the end coming . Benjamin Bratt is boring , Zooey Deschanel is alot of fun , and Charlie Hunnam brings much needed intensity to the film . I suggest this for Katie Holmes fans . Otherwise , you 'll probably be bored to tears .
 ** THIS REVIEW MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS ** Detective Wade Handler -LRB- Benjamin Bratt -RRB- is the sad-sack protagonist of ` Abandon ' -LRB- which should have been more aptly named ` Abandoned ' -RRB- . Handler has just returned to his assignment on the police force after being suspended -LRB- presumably -RRB- for a DWI or drinking on the job . Handler 's supervisor wo n't allow him to use a squad car and wants to break him in slowly so he assigns Handler to a missing person 's case . What 's so unusual about this case is that the missing person in question , Embry Larkin , an artsy but rebellious college student , disappeared two years ago . It seems unlikely that a detective -LRB- even one who is returning after a suspension -RRB- would be assigned to a missing person 's case -LRB- especially one that is two years old -RRB- since typically missing person 's cases are not considered priority matters for a policeinvestigation.Nonetheless , Handler focuses his attention on Embry 's last girlfriend at the college , Katie Burke -LRB- played by Katie Holmes -RRB- . Katie at first appears to be a bright Ph.D. student who 's about to finish her dissertation and apply for a high-powered corporate job at a successful consulting firm . After awhile , Katie starts believing that she 's been seeing Embry pop up around campus . The film 's scenarist , Stephen Gaghan -LRB- of Syriana fame -RRB- , intentionally keeps you in the dark until the film 's end as to whether these Embry sightings are merely figments of Katie 's imagination or actual appearances by the former boyfriend.The story unfortunately drags on much too long with Katie 's fleeting glimpses of Embry . Nothing much happens in terms of the plot until another one of Katie 's long-term suitors , Harrison Hobart , disappears . Katie 's confrontations with Embry become more aggressive as she accuses him of having a hand in Harrison 's disappearance . Katie is becoming more unhinged and starts seeing a shrink to cope with the disturbing confrontations she 's been having with Embry.Meanwhile , the clueless detective Handler has not been acting like a very good detective . Instead of being suspicious of all possible suspects -LRB- including Katie -RRB- , he seems to accept everything she tells him at face value . As it turns out , Handler has been attending AA meetings and soon decides that police work is not for him so he hands in his badge . But just as he has resigned , he receives some important news from a crime lab buddy who informs him that a note Katie claimed she had recently received from Embry was actually two years old.Before the film 's climax , Harrison pops up at the college graduation and the audience learns that his disappearance had nothing to do with foul play on Embry 's part -LRB- Harrison simply lost his way while hiking in a State Park -RRB- . Fortunately for him , he already decided to walk away from Katie . But former detective Handler is not so lucky . He already had an intimate moment with the psycho college co-ed . Now that it 's finally dawned on him that Katie has been imagining all theseencounters with Embry , he tells her that he does n't want to go away with her as they previously had planned.Abandon 's conclusion takes place in an abandoned building near campus . In a flashback we now see what actually happened
 After the great sling of thrillers like `` Signs '' and `` The Ring '' I thought going to see Abandon would be pretty well worth my money also . Well . . I was wrong . The predictable storyline , if you can even figure out what the main plot is , the mediocre acting and the unoriginal ending , the whole movie is pretty much worth half of what you pay at a matinee showing . The only up points were the moments when you got startled , and the few times when you felt like it was suspensful.C -
 Route 666 -LRB- William Wesley , 2001 -RRB- Steven Williams is one of those actors who , in my opinion , always makes anything he 's in just that much better . It must have been pretty tough to do with Route 666 , which sports one of the downright silliest scripts to come down the pike in I do n't know how long , but Cuban director Wesley -LRB- Scarecrows -RRB- obviously decided to try and save it by picking up the best cast he could for the small budget he must have had , and Williams shines here , as do a number of smaller players who are similarly fine . Too bad about everything else , though ... Route 666 tells the tale of a bunch of Federal witness protection marshals , led by Secret Service agent Jack LaRoca -LRB- Lou Diamond Phillips -RRB- , who hunt down a fugitive named Rabbit -LRB- Williams -RRB- and have to get him back to Los Angeles for a trial where he 's agreed to testify against a mafia boss . They get lost on back roads , eventually ending up coming out on Route 66 where an old , condemned extension , Route 666 , is supposed to go all the way to the California border . Despite rumors that the road is supposedly haunted by the ghosts of prisoners who died while working on the road , including LaRoca 's father , LaRoca decides to take the road in order to save as much time as possible . The crew are pursued by both mafia hit men and a local corrupt sheriff and his deputies , but that 's the least of their worries ... A bad movie this is , truly , but it 's saved from complete unwatchability by the performances of a number of the cast . Williams ' rapidfire comic timing makes every scene he 's in good , and Gary Farmer , in a small cameo , is as great as Gary Farmer is in everything . You should throw believability out the door once they get on the road -LRB- disappointing , as the first part of the movie showed real promise as an action thriller -RRB- , but it 's got enough going for it to make it worth watching once . You 'll never want to do it again , but once . **
 Yikes ... what can I say.I am a fan for any thing resembling Zombies.That is why the premise of this movie sounded good ... But YIKES ... after a good beginning this thing went downhill fast !! Choppy film work really detracted from the film.Perhaps it was intended to add some sort of tension or uneasiness , but instead it was simply annoying.Editing !!!! Where was the editing for this movie.Even though they are supposedly stranded far from any help or civilazation , there are two scenes where you can see cars passing by in the nearby background.For you bloopers seekers , the worst example of this is when the mystery phone booth rings . Watch the scene where they are all standing together staring at the phonebooth ; you will see a white car in the very near distance drive by the screen behind them from left to right . A good hand tossed rock would hit the car!Not something that will be added to the collection , that is for sure .
 This film is pretty weak . A team of F.B.I. agents must transport a witness to court in short time . They decide to use the closed-down Route 66 as a short cut . Turns out it 's closed down for a reason . Whenever people travel the road , 4 convict zombies rise from the asphalt -LRB- complete with chain-gang tools ! -RRB- to kill and mutilate . Being an admirer of director William Wesley 's first feature , Scarecrows -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , I was expecting another unique , scary and exciting B-movie . But it 's none of the above . The best thing about it are the cool-looking zombies , but Wesley chose to shoot all of the action scenes with a shaky and frenetic camera.It looks superficial and ruins any suspense . It 's disappointing to think he might 've used this technique because the film takes place entirely in daylight , and he thought the zombies were n't convincing enough . They look great , and it would 've been so much more enjoyable to just watch them attack without all the distracting camera movements . Not to say it would make this film much better . It 's filled with irritating `` hip '' dialogue and endless sarcastic lines , the plot is ridiculous and the sub-plot about one of the chain-gang corpses being Lou Diamond Phillips ' dad is laughable . And people looking for graphic gore will also be disappointed , there 's some , but it 's infrequent and consists mainly of splattered blood . My biggest question is , what took Wesley so long to make such a mediocre second film ? It 's a far cry from his superior debut .
 Route 666 is about a federal agent responsible for safely transporting a witness to the courtroom on time . In order to achieve this , he takes a shortcut using a closed road and on the way must confront ghosts from the past and exorcise the demons that haunt him.There 's not much that I liked about this film . Lou Diamond Phillips has done some great work in the past but this is not his finest hour . There are many things to dislike about this film . The acting is rather ordinary and the script is quite implausible . Picking holes in the plot is an activity that could take hours all on its own . Many of the actions of the characters simply defy logic.Should anybody watch this movie ? Certainly not if you 're going to pay any money for it . All in all it 's a rather boring movie and the DVD has no extras . If the movie is free then I 'd only watch it if you 've really got nothing better to do !
 Why are there two prats giving this 5 out of 5 . They are so obviously joke reviews . This is an awful movie and the zombie scenes are shut with a low shutter speed , so they end up looking like jerky pop-videos . - Mike
 I did n't care for the movie that much . Part of it could be the `` Shaking '' camera during the prisoner 's appearance , but also it could have been written a little better in my opinion . What I WAS impressed with was the music soundtrack -LRB- of which , seems to be unavailabe -RRB- , containing some of the coolest blues-type guitar I 've heard in awhile . I 'm considering watching it again to find out who did the music . JP
 the film begins good with Phillips and Petty confronting Williams to come back and testify for some big case and they 'll put him under custody , the shootout at the beginning is kind of corny . so they go out onto the road and its good but then when they hit the cemetary part and then those spirits of the chaingang come there is a cheesy movie with lame music and smelly deaths and Williams is a little bit funny but he gets annoying after awhile . lame storytelling and wooden emotions filled with wooden and dry directing dont make this a whole great movie
 After reading the names of the actors and actresses in this movie , I must say that I expected a little more out of this movie . What I got was a complete mess of a so-called `` horror movie '' . The idea and the name of Route 666 sounds good , but the movie is a complete flop . Basically , `` Route 666 '' is about a condemned highway or road where some really bad prisoners died and were buried in a cemetery off the highway . Strange things start appearing to our lead character Jack played by Lou Diamond Phillips . Ultimately , the ghost prisoners return from the grave to wreck havoc on the outlanders who dared to travel on Route 666 . It might sound halfway decent , but trust me , it 's not . It 's an awful flick!The acting in `` Route 666 '' is pretty terrible , the directing is awful and the movie takes on a rock n ' roll persona that destroys any possible horror atmosphere , mood or theme for this flick . `` Route 666 '' is completely lacking in style , atmosphere and substance , all of which are necessary for a horror movie 's effectiveness , and Route 666 has n't got any of these things . Dale Midkiff did a pretty decent job in `` Pet Sematary '' although certainly not a great job , but in this movie , he and the rest of the cast were awful ! The action is completely nonsensical and the movie is pure rubbish . If you want a scary movie , you wo n't find it in this rubbish . If you want rock n ' roll bs with an attitude , you have come to the right place , but it sure does n't do anything for me .
 I do n't even know what I was thinking when I rented this one . Lori Petty -LRB- yes , the Lori Petty . I rented a Lori Petty movie ! Oh , the shame ! -RRB- and Lou Diamond Phillips are U.S. Marshals escorting a prisoner when they stumble upon Route 666 - a old deserted highway which is haunted by slow moving ghost zombies . Well , actually only four slow moving ghost zombies and one of them happens to be Lou Diamond Phillips ' father ... yea.There are a lot of things wrong with this movie -LRB- bad direction , Lori Petty , no ninjas , Lori Petty , lame fx 's , Lori Petty , Lori Petty -RRB- , but the main culprit is the writing . It 's almost like this was originally meant to be a episode of something like `` The X-Files '' but once that fell through the three -LRB- !!!!!! -RRB- writers fleshed it out with annoying dialogue and made a movie.Not the stinkiest stinker that ever did stink , but it 's still pretty smelly .
 I bought the movie because I like Dale Midkiff , watched the movie for one minute , then burned it!Very bad language !
 i saw this movie on SCI-FI last night ! this movie is supposedly a `` zombie '' flick ! after watching the part were they come in i was like `` wait . . wait oh wait they are n't zombies their ghosts ! `` even killing scenes were AWFUL i swear this movie looks like if it were a MADE FOR TV movie or something ! the `` killing '' scenes are quite laughable considering ALL the horror movies i have seen ! but this movie is more of a family drama about a son who finally gets to meet his dad after so long and they both save each other!this whole movie should have just been an 1 hour instead of 2 ! you could sum up the whole flim in 1 hour cause is all their doing is driving in the dessert and encountering revenageful ghosts and only 3 of them surive!skip this movie and go for `` return of the living dead '' !
 I was hoping that this would be a campy , scary ride . I was sorely disappointed . It 's nonsensical and stupid . Lou Diamond Phillips and Lori Petty as crack FBI agents -LRB- !?! -RRB- pull Steven Williams out an assassination attempt and decide to flee across the closed highway of the title to get him to LA to testify against some random mobsters . Why they do this pretty much defies logic ; I mean , the state does n't just decide to close highways for no reason , people . Does it ever occur to them that the road might be , oh , say washed out ? Impassible ? Nope . They mention that the road is dangerous -LRB- well since it 's supposed to be a highway , but it 's about as wide as you average suburban driveway , I bet it is pretty dangerous . Unless it was meant for interstate moped travel -RRB- , knock down the barriers and barrel on down the road . Leaving those barriers conveniently down for the assassins to follow . Hey , why not just paint a sign - `` They went that ` a ` way ! `` Of course , on the road , the tires on their cars melt , so they 'll have to hoof it . To Los Angeles . In the desert . All the better so that they can be attacked by the blood-thirsty -LRB- and hopelessly comical looking -RRB- zombies that haunt the road . You see , route 666 is haunted by the death of four of the chain-gang who constructed it , who died a mysterious death . Well , it will be mysterious to anyone who had never seen a movie before , or read a book . Or been out of the house . In any case , the road needs blood to survive , and we are told `` somebody always bleeds '' Must be a lot of skinned knees on the moped expressway . So , we are treated to a lot of extras being pounded into the pavement -LRB- in what can only be called Jerk-O-Vision -RRB- while the Karo syrup flies . Do I need to tell you that there 's a corrupt sheriff involved ? That one of the zombies is related to one of our heroes ? That Lori Petty is about as believable as a crack FBI agent as , well as Lou Diamond Phillips is ? All of this is wrapped up about 90 minutes later with a big confrontation involving an imaginary steamroller , some fake blood , and The Redemptive Power of Love.Pass this one .
 Do yourself a huge favor . See Planet Terror , with great cast -LRB- Bruce Wllis , Josh Brolin , Freddy Rodriguez , Rose McGowan -RRB- and by legendary director .
 ok its a gorefest but common ! those effect look very cheap and in one shot u can see the hose spittng blood hahahahah ! the machine girl is hot n thats great but some of the actors need a lot of training or the director needs a crash curse on directing ! it has great shots n nice photography but the effects were very very cheap
 `` Tongue in cheek - funny '' . I mean , you got ta be kidding me . Are Japanese people really entertained by these kinds of violent films ? Very bad special effects and totally unlikable people ? You would think that when people get cut or lose a limb , they would just bleed . But no , in Japanese films , people spray blood just like having a fire hydrant burst open . It 's so ridiculous looking that it 's funny . I 've heard of being under stress , but these films give `` being under pressure '' a whole new meaning . Jeez , I 'd imagine that have some pretty intense farts too.This is like a totally , bloody , gory , film with `` over the top '' exaggerated sarcastic evil with a wealthy family that definitely has social problems . Even their son is dressed to be an evil effeminate pansy if I 've ever seen one so , of course , you 'd want to see him blown away in the end . Everyone 's kinda sick in this movie . I did n't think that Japanese audiences were this warped with what entertains them .
 Machine girl ... the best parts are in the trailer . Not recommended . Loved the trailer.Cheers .
 And I hate it for sure . The `` Scrapheap Girl '' is the worst movie I seen this year and one of the worst i seen ever . Everyting about it is bad . the acting , cheesy dialogue , everything . And its meant to be that way . Well to each his own . I truly believe this movie is either a love it or hate it and no in between . Anybody who is in between , 3 star reviews for example . is worried about votes , review ranking , and being cool with the amazon cliques roaming this website . In other words , they bulls *** in ' and do n't want to come clean and say this flick sucks .
 At first , I got shocked when I saw this movie 's trailer , and second I got shocked again because that movie was really stupidly silly.If you think this is about real japanese culture , you are silly too.YAKUZA dont use the sword usually and never use `` shuriken '' which is like , Ninja used to through in the past.This is one of the completely prejudice , stereo type , misunderstanding movie.This is not funny at all and I got bored in the middle of the movie so I did not watch whole movie but hey , what is the point of this movie ? If you wan na waste your time , then watch it.I dont know why US people tend to like this kind of movie.We have tons of awesome movies that you maybe accept.US and foreign people tend to see japan as exotic , traditional asian country but it is completely misunderstanding . YES , Y.E.S , we have traditional culture that is similar with chinese one but it is not the thing what you already know.Anyway , this was stupid movie ever .
 If you like the color RED , this is the movie for you . Makes Chain SawMassacre look like a Granny Goose story . Great training film if you plan to work in ER .
 First off this is not for the squeamish , this movie will make you vomit out your shoes . So do n't buy this if you do n't like gore . I mean the unrealistic stuff in it is amazing . This girl gets her arm cut off and bleeds and keeps talking after she loses like 10 gallons of blood spraying out all over everything and everyone . Her boy friend or brother gets shuricans threw him and he keeps talking then falls apart in to multiple peaces . Wow the kicker is when she chops off this dudes head and then drags his corps to the bath room to squeeze his body on to his brother so the blood can spray all over him . What Horrible junky crap is that . I mean like come on !!! There is no real plot and no real dialogue . But there is allot of action that is why I gave it 1 star . Its not all lost . I promise you multiple night mares and sickening of your stomach if you see this wasted red paint movie . The girl is slightly cute but after that the rest is simply GARBAGE ! I want to write more about it but I have to run to the bath room to go vomit . Wow just thinking about this move makes me sick . I could n't make it the entire film . Just to much gore to make it appealing . I 'd rather watch night of the living dead at least those zombies can act . Blooaahh !
 `` The Machine Girl '' follows the story of bloody revenge of Ami , an ordinary Japanese high school girl whose brother is killed by a spoiled son of a ninja clan . Or was that yakuza , Japanese mafia ? Never mind . One-armed Ami fights ferociously with a machinegun attached to the left arm . She kills like Rambo -LRB- of the newest film -RRB- , fighting the evil crime syndicate Hattori . The resourceful Hattori clan fights back with flying daggers and a flying guillotine . Oh , and do n't forget a bra . Yes , a bra can be very dangerous.Some may think director Noboru Iguchi 's film `` Kataude Mashin Garu '' -LRB- literally translated `` One-Armed Machine Girl '' -RRB- is Japan 's answer to `` Kill Bill '' or `` Grindhouse '' and numerous exploitation films that have inspired the Tarantino-Rodriguez film , especially Rodriguez segment of `` Grindhouse . '' However , `` The Machine Girl '' -LRB- which is actually produced by an American company , shot with all-Japanese cast in Japan -RRB- lacks the high-octane energy and crazy fun Rodriguez is known for . `` The Machine Girl '' is funny and entertaining , but only sporadically.I think I know what the director is trying to do . He is obviously more attracted to old-fashioned Japanese films and TV shows . The ruthless wife of the Hattori Clan 's boss is a nod to Japanese yakuza films ; the three ninja-like assassins in red suit are parody of Japanese `` sentai '' -LRB- fighters -RRB- actions , still popular genre in Japan ; and the heroine 's story -LRB- and tortures -RRB- is probably inspired by the Japanese revenge drama in the 70s like `` The Female Prisoner 701
 This version of the film is released by PASSPORT VIDEO which is bad news . Passport likes to put their logo in the corner of the screen and finds just about the worst quality they can possibly dig up . This DVD has jumps in the film and could n't get too much more grainy looking.This is the second time I 've been burned by Passport video . The first time being their DVD of Plan 9 From Outer Space which suffers the same fate . If I had noticed this one was released by Passport I would n't have bought it but I did n't even check . Shame on me and shame on Passport for releasing such garbage . Stay away from their releases at all costs.As for the film itself , see the review below .
 Despite , or because of , the cheapness of the production , `` Santa Claus Conquers the Martians '' charms with its can-do pluckiness . And the fun and catchy opening theme song is a winner that really deserves more exposure . Those initial charms run thin too soon though , and along about the one hour mark -LRB- though your mileage may vary -RRB- those charm points have expired and the movie ultimately fails to offer any renewal of those charms for too long a time before coming to an end.Love the song , though .
 This movie 's almost unwatchable without Joel and the ` Bots ! The music , one song ! , is insipid ! How many Christmas songs mention Santa ? Seriously ! Martians beaten by toys ! Nuff said ! Santa as a Deus Ex Machina ! Watch it without the MST3K crew , but really Irish up the eggnog first !
 Since the early 1990s , this infamous holiday turkey has been a public-domain favorite . If you want a decent copy of `` Santa Claus Conquers the Martians '' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , track down the videocassette from Embassy/Nelson - owners of the original negative . Regardless of print quality , this low-budget schlockfest deserves recognition as one of the all-time worst movies . Unlike the ouvre of Ed Wood , `` Santa Claus Conquers the Martians '' is painfully bad . Composer Milton DeLugg 's cringe-worthy `` Hooray for Santy Claus '' remains among the film 's many horrors .
 This Epic Should Be Shown At Thanksgiving Because It 's A Bigger Turkey Than Anything You 'll Put On Your Table ! ... And A Score By Milton DeLugg ... It 's Demonic , Brother ... I Bought This In A 3 For A Buck Bin & I Want A Refund ! ... 33 cents Ai n't What It Used To Be ! ... But It Makes A Great Coaster For My Beer ! ... Have A Merry Kiddies !
 This movie ranks at the top of my Golden Turkey list , right along with `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' . It is so-o-o bad it is actually good.Like many other bad movies , it was mocked and scorned by the guys on Mystery Science Theater 3000 , and is still being watched and traded by the diehard fans.If you were to -LRB- purposely -RRB- get one bad movie this year , make it Santa Claus Conquers the Martians . It 's a laugh a minute .
 With a theme song of `` Hurray for Santee Claus '' , Pia Zadora & water heater tubing on football helmets ; this has the makings of one of the worst films in cinematic history.Never has such a wonderful holiday like Christmas been abused by the lack of a film budget from Santa Claus Conquers the Martians . I would n't be the least bit surprised if the cast did n't pay to be in this cinematic suppository.Here it is in the nutshell ... The Martians nab Santa & two Earth children . The Martian leader forces Santa & the children to run their toy fabricator . Everyone is Prozac-happy , except for one Martian who decides he must have Santa for himself . Santa has the kids & the Martian kids toss toys at the evil Martians . Good prevails & Santa returns to Earth , letting the dim-witted-side-kick Martian CEO the Martian Toy Monopoly.Please , if you have any decency , never submit children , the elderly or anyone for that matter , to this painful , campy & boring film.If someone gives you this as a gift , offer to have burial at sea if they hold open the toilet lid .
 I had wanted to see this movie ever since I read the Medved brothers skewering of it in their book `` The 50 Worst Films of All Time . '' They made it sound like a riot of unintentional laughs.Finally , on Christmas Day ' 99 , my brother and I sat down to watch it for the first time . Whoa ! It is beyond awful ! My brother stopped watching after forty minutes saying he could n't take it anymore . I endured to the bitter end and , as a result , had that horrible song ringing in my head for days afterword . -LRB- `` Hooray for Santy Claus ! '' -RRB- Like most really bad movies , `` Santa Claus Conquers the Martians '' is dull . It is just so slowly paced and badly done . Yes , there are some unintentional laughs
 If you want a nice family movie to put on for your kids so they will leave you alone , put this on . You will not hear a peep out of them while its on , ok maybe some snoring . I received this movie as a child like 12-15 years ago and it worked for me too . I seriously do n't even remember what happens at the end of the movie because I do n't think I have ever gotten past the first half hour . This film will definitely do its job of putting your kids to sleep , hey it is almost guaranteed to work for you too . This movie will definitely put sleeping pills off the market , it works like a charm .
 I bought this DVD at the `` 99 Cents '' Store , I was hoping my kids and I would get a few laughs ... An Adam Richman Food Challenge would be easier to finish than this movie ! ... save the 99 cents !
 This would be on my top 5 list of worst movies ever made . This is the most hideous , annoying , poorly done , ... no good , Christmas movie ever made . It 's the story of Mars , and their kids are depressed , so to cheer them up , they kidnap -LRB- an incredibly stupid or drunk , ca n't tell ... -RRB- Santa Claus . So Santa is shot into space with some dumb Norwegian kids I suppose , and bring happiness to all the Martian kids , and beat up the bad Martians with ... toys ... wow ... If you want to see this movie , please see the Mystery Science Theater 3000 version . If you chose unwisely and see it without Joel , Servo , and Crow for protection , you will be infected with insanity ... Oh and do n't show this to little kids , because if this is how they believe Santa is meant to be , they 'll be ruined ...
 Incredibly cheap `` Christmas '' picture offers an obnoxious Al Nasoor -LRB- Jamie Farr , pre-Klinger -RRB- , a cardboard robot named Garg , stun-gunned midgets , and Pia Zadora , age eight . This holiday turkey is unintentionally entertaining , and features the yuletide favorite `` Hooray for Santy Claus '' -- twice ! Plot line
 If you have ever wondered whether there are any truly awful Christmas-themed films , there are . In all likelihood , the worst Christmas-themed film of all time -LRB- and one of the worst films of any genre of all time -RRB- is the 1964 flop `` Santa Claus Conquers the Martians '' . Picture -LRB- if you dare -RRB- the unhappy and non-playful children of Mars , with one of them , named Girmar , played by the not-particularly-talented actress Pia Zadora . Her brother , Bomar , was played by Chris Month , whose only other acting role was an appearance in a single episode of a long-forgotten 1964 TV show . Their father , Kimar -LRB- Leonard Hicks , 1918-1971 , whose only other acting role in the 1964 film `` Guns of the Trees '' is uncredited -RRB- , decides , after consulting with an 800-year old Martian in a cave , that the best way to help the sad and non-playful children of Mars is to kidnap Santa Claus -LRB- John Call , 1915-1973 -RRB- from Earth 's North Pole and bring him to Mars so that he can make toys for Martian children . Kidnapped along with Santa Claus are two annoying Earthling children
 If Ed Wood would have ever made a Christmas movie , this would have been it . There are a lot of bad Christmas movies out there . There are also a lot of cheesy Christmas movies . Heck , there 's a few bad , cheesy Christmas movies . But , this has got to be the best -LRB- or worst , however you want to look at it -RRB- of bad , cheesy Christmas movies.The plot runs something like this . The children of Mars are all depressed and the leader of the planet thinks it has something to do with all the `` Earth programs '' the young fries are watching on the `` video '' . `` Something is happening to the children of Mars . '' , he says . He and the Martian Council seek this 800 year old Martian who lives in the woods for advice . He tells them it 's because the Martian kids are no longer able to be children ; they have no games , toys , and can no longer laugh . They are seeing how happy the Earth children are because of Santa Claus and Christmas and it makes it worse . So , the Martians decide to go to Earth and kidnap Santa Claus . That 's right , kidnap Santa Claus . Of course , they have to steal a couple of Earth kids who give them directions , too . But that 's beside the point -LRB- or is it ? -RRB- . Anyway , the sets on the film look like something constructed by an elementary school class and the makeup is horrible -LRB- they must have used the worst possible green makeup around -RRB- . The script is horrible and the dialogue is filled with bad jokes -LRB- what 's round , plump , green , and you roast in a fire ? Answer
 i enjoyed the movie as i have not seen it on tv since the seventies but it is not remastered as the advertising says in fact the quality is awful .
 I loved and seen this movie many times as a kid . I have owned this on VHS for years and have not been able get myself to watch it . In fact it is still in the shrink wrap . LOL I think it 's because my brother makes fun of me . -LRB- We are both in our 40 's -RRB- I just wanted to point out that if I remember correctly , Jamie Farr is also in it ... I did n't see any reviews mentioning him.I think I will sit down with a few drinks and watch it . I need a good laugh .
 According to The Internet Movie Database , Santa Claus Conquers the Martians is placed on their Bottom 100 list . And it 's not very hard to see why . This is a poorly-made B movie with a stupid concept and some really silly moments . The basic premise is that martians visit Earth and kidnap Santa Claus , all because they do n't have their own Christmas . Honestly , how stupider can you get ? I will give this film credit
 There are some movies that you wonder why they were ever made . This movie is one of those . The Martians ' children are glued to their television sets watching mind-numbing earth television -LRB- who knew ! -RRB- . The children wo n't eat , wo n't sleep . The solution ? Go kidnap Santa Claus to make the children happy.One of the Martians , a friendly sort named Voldar -LRB- Vincent Beck -RRB- , thinks they should be tougher on the children and he also has a propensity for wanting to kill just about everything in sight.The heroes of the story are Billy -LRB- Victor Stiles -RRB- and Betty -LRB- Donna Conforti -RRB- , who manage to keep one step ahead of Voldar , and are ultimately instrumental in saving Santa Claus.The special effects are cheap and cheesy . The acting is generally awful . The dialogue sounds like something from a bad 50s television show . All this is the background for Pia Zadora 's movie debut . As bad as this movie is , I think I have now watched it twice , and I will probably watch it again some time in the future -LRB- maybe -RRB- , if for no other reason than to remind myself how bad it is . One proviso ; as bad as this movie may be , somehow young children seem to enjoy it . I think only because Santa Claus is in it , and he overcomes the bad guys . Everyone else should consider what they are getting into before they buy this one .
 For the 8th day of christmas I 'm going to review ... Santa Claus Conquers the Martians . The only good thing about this film is the Santa Claus played by John Call . The rest stink . The story is almost as dumb as the one from Avatar . If not more so . The Martians do n't even look like Martians , they look like Gumby rejects . The Robot looks like it was made by a drunk 4-year-old . The effects are soo bad , it makes the effects in Superman 4 look like the effects in The Dark Knight . The acting is third-rate . The worst part is the laughing Santa scene . It 's just soo creepy like Beetlejuice . The settings are childish . Overall , it stinks like 3-year-old-pizza . I give this movie a 1 out of 10 .
 a must see !!! if you like sci-fi , not so much . but if your special someone enjoys comedy this is a great gift for the holiday season !
 Martians travel to Earth to find the man called Santa Claus played by John Call -LRB- The Anderson Tapes , Cinderella -RRB- because their Martian children are watching the Earth TV programs . While landing in a city 2 Earth children are found and they eventually hide on the ship . They are found and the children lead the Martian 's to the North Pole as they Martians find Santa Claus and take him and the kids away . Vincent Beck -LRB- Vigilante , The Bamboo Saucer -RRB- plays Voldar , a rouge Martian who doesnt like Santa Claus and wants to get rid of him and the children for good . Soon the awesome powers of Santa fight back at the Martians and save Christmas . Harmless cheesy Christmas movie is really bad but I didnt mind it at all . The music was groovy . Wasnt the greatest thing ever . Also starring Pia Zadora -LRB- Hairspray , Pajama Tops -RRB- and Leonard Hicks -LRB- Guns of the Trees -RRB-
 A 1964 DISASTER W / A YOUNG PIA ZADORA AS A YOUNG AND UGLY GREEN MARTIAN ON MARS . PLOT ? SANTA AND 2 DORKY KIDS CAPTURED BY GOOFY MARTIANS AND TAKEN TO MARS TO BRING CHEER TO THE DEPRESSED KIDS THERE . OH SCREW IT ! THIS WHOLE MOVIE STINKS FROM THE TINKERTOY SETS TO BRUTALLY BAD DIALOGUE . LOUSY SCORE BY MILTON DELUGG -LRB- ? -RRB- . 1 TUNE SOUNDS EXACTLY LIKE THE OPENING THEM TO `` JEOPARDY '' . LOVE THAT GUY DRESSED AS A POLAR BEAR !
 We got the DVD wrapped as new , yet there was no DVD in the case . Luckily , Amazon did a great job sending us a replacement immediately , but it was upsetting that the PASSPORT VIDEO has such poor quality control ...
 A group of us voted this the all-time worst movie -LRB- yes , even worse than plan-9 -RRB- . I first saw this movie xmas eve in the mid 80 's , when I was stuck in a relatives basement , freezing , cuz all the warm rooms were taken . It was adequate eye-candy to keep me conscious , moving and alive . But I could n't imagine watching it again , even if my life depended on it . -LRB- Although I did watch it again for the cineclub vote -RRB- It may be considered fun by some to watch bad movies -LRB- they obviously LOVE this one -RRB- , but I think I 'd rather read and use a Time-Life Self-Root Canal video .
 Hated the movie , loved the theme song -LRB- Hooray For Santy Claus -RRB-
 I do believe this might be THE worst Christmas film ever . It is about as funny as nails on a chalkboard . Not to mention the horrible casting and worst written script ever . I wonder how this even made it to theaters .
 I wish this movie got as much Christmastime TV exposure as `` It 's a Wonderful Life '' -- its awfulness deserves to be savored by fans of bad movies everywhere . I do n't know where to begin . I 'll begin and end at the beginning -- is there a worse movie theme song in the history of sound?And it 's not only that the theme song is so bad -- I mean , yeah , it 's REALLY bad -- but what kills me is that at the end of the movie , the reprise is accompanied by the lyrics on the screen along with a bouncing ball -- as if someone would actually want to sing it!No wonder Pia Zadora went on to make `` The Lonely Lady '' -- she knew she 'd already scraped bottom years before .
 This movie ranks at the top of my Golden Turkey list , right along with `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' . It is so-o-o bad it is actually good.Like many other bad movies , it was mocked and scorned by the guys on Mystery Science Theater 3000 , and is still being watched and traded by the diehard fans.If you were to -LRB- purposely -RRB- get one bad movie this year , make it Santa Claus Conquers the Martians . It 's a laugh a minute .
 On the planet Mars , it seems the children have no joy or laughter in their hearts as Martian leader Kimar -LRB- Leonard Hicks -RRB- brings his team to Earth to find Santa Claus -LRB- John Call -RRB- to fix the problem . While they do the job they also kidnap two children Bill -LRB- Victor Stills -RRB- and Betty -LRB- Donna Confroti -RRB- to take them to Mars however a dastardly Martian plans on killing Santa and bringing no joy to the planet but can our jolly elf save the day?An unbelievable mess ! It 's a trainwreck of a film that has to be watched to see why Mystery Science Theater 3000 picked this trash and has been called one of the worst films of all time . The plot is beyond idiotic as is the acting and writing , the costumes especially that dumb looking robot with polar bear are just laughable as hell and there 's sense of fun to be found anywhere.Please watch it in the MST3K version instead .
 Every now and then you hear about a movie that is so abysmally , outrageously , mind-blowingly bad that you just HAVE to watch it.The Room , Manos , the Hands of Fate , and stuff like that.This is one of them
 Other then some cute characters , do n't watch this one . The soundtrack is pathetic , the writing and plot throughly unbeleivable , and the cost of the film is worth more then the performances .
 So , you think that when you were forced to kiss grandma it was bad ? THINK AGAIN ... Kissing grandma was a treat compared to sitting through this horrible movie . Santa Claus Conquers the Martians has become a cult film alright . This is the movie you want to show all those party guests who are just lingering out , eating up all your food and can not take the hint to `` GO HOME '' . Put this baby in the DVD player and watch em scatter . Some of the worse acting ever done . The costumes look as if they were taken out of the Salvation Army box after Halloween . Santa not only appears to be drunk but at times he even stumbles over his lines . Mindless sections of this movie are pitiful and seemed to be filmed by the kid actors while the crew was out to lunch . But I do admit , it is a must have . So make sure you own a copy of it ! It can always be used for events like college hazings , children punishment , or even at the end of a long night of playing quarters . This will forever go down in the archives as the worst movie ever made .
 This special season is an ideal time to contemplate what may be the biggest holiday bomb in cinematic history , SANTA CLAUS CONQUERS THE MARTIANS -LRB- 1964 -RRB- . It 's a kiddie adventure story that 's remembered -LRB- if at all -RRB- as the screen debut of Pia Zadora . Shot on a ten-cent budget in abandoned aircraft hanger on Long Island , Santa and the Martians is a perennial favorite on almost every Worst Movie list.Is it as bad as its hype ? Absolutely ! Would I suggest you check it out to see for yourself if this one 's as awful as they say ? Hey , why not ? It 's good for a few laughs , some unintended of course.The film 's memorably terrible chorus number , `` Hooray For Santy Claus '' was written by accordionist Milton DeLugg . His polka `` Hoop Dee Doo '' was popular on TV game shows . DeLugg is most famous for producing Buddy Holly 's `` Rave On '' and most infamous for the song in this movie . He wrote the original theme to THE NEWLYWED GAME and was musical director of Chuck Barris ' legendary Gong Show -LRB- whenever a contestant won on this program , DeLugg 's `` Hoop Dee Doo '' was played -RRB- . But back to the film in question . Here 's my favorite bit of dialogue from SANTA CLAUS CONQUERS THE MARTIANS : Hargo
 This is famously one of the worst movies ever made and it lived up to its reputation . I bought it for a joke .
 I sincerely hope there is a deluxe edition of this film in the works . It must be in the public domain , if the look and feel of this release is any indication . Maybe Something Weird can look into a proper release of the holiday camp classic that put Pia Zadora on the map.It seems odd that such a poor release gets a full two stars , but I am taking into account the lack of availability of any other version , as well as the clunky extras . The bonus features on this release are varied
 This is a fabulous film , but BEWARE , it will not play in the U.K. even if you have a player that will play region 1 . Strangely myself and my partner both bought a copy of the movie as a suprise for each other . Neither one would play . So I sent one copy to my cousin , who lives in Ohio , and guess what ? She could n't play it either on her Region 1 player . We decided to write this off as experience and as we did n't keep the delivery note we could n't return them . SO BEWARE , ensure you keep the delivery note .
 Rip Off -- vhs4less . Obviously a copy -- blurry , bad sound , glitches on tape . Sold as `` nearly new '' . Yep . It was nearly new and nearly an original , but not an original . Very disappointed and irritated . Wo n't ever buy from these folks again .
 This is a wonderful gem of a film . Unfortunately , I was unable to find it in a DVD and the VHS copy I did obtain has very bad sound .
 watched Bronson and Inception and figured I would check out other movies with Tom Hardy in it . Sadly this is a terrible .
 Even though I purchased this movie at Amazon and on sale , all I can say is what a waste of money . The plot is obviously written by a self loathing writer who surrounds himself in darkness . Not one of his sordid tales has a glimmer of happiness . The acting is shady at best . Moral of the story seems to be gay men ca n't be happy and the world is dark . Do yourself a favor and pass on this purchase .
 I actually took the DVD out of the player and threw it away , it was that bad .
 `` Nine Lives '' is a very poor film from every single artistic angle ; from its direction ? has-been actors , dialogue -LRB- trite -RRB- and repetition -- my short version -- not worth the money at any price . Sorry guys -LRB- and gal -RRB- and , yes , I am a fan of Larry Kramer ... but ...
 I 'll not belabor the point . It 's a poor remake of Six degrees of Seperation . The only thing worse than the acting is the videography
 This film takes us into the lives of nine people and shows how their lives are interrelated . The characters talk to the camera a lot which can be irritating but in this film works fairly well . Most of the characters spend time relating their darker sides to us . So far , so good , right ? The problem is that most of these people are not people I would go to coffee with let alone desire to know . I just did n't care about the characters . They 're all whiny , negative , out-of-control addicts . They keep making excuse after excuse for their behavior and blaming others for their lot in life . At the risk of sounding like a Fox News Channel pundit - can we get a little personal responsibility here ? And with a wafer-thin plot there 's not much else to recommend this movie . Not every movie has to end Happily Ever After but this movie simply spews ugliness , negativity , darkness and ultimately boredom . Two stars for decent production values , originality and acting . Still , I 'd never watch it again .
 I wanted to like this film , with all the comparisons to Six Feet Under , Six Degrees of Separation , etc. . Instead , what I got was a bunch of boring vignettes about boring people . The inter-relation between them seems forced as a plotline , and failed to really make any point . Most of the characters were quite unlikeable too , and you fail to connect with any of them enough to really care what they are going through . It does somewhat have a documentary feel , but a very boring one nevertheless . I struggled to even finish the film .
 Boring . . boring . . boring . . What an absolute waste of money . I read the synopsis of the movie and it looked interesting . I purchased it and realized that I had truly wasted my money . Nothing original and interesting , just stories , which by themselves were not interesting , with some flashes of simulated sex , which was n't interesting either , thrown in for no reason . This movie is a dud .
 Always looking for a little something to add to my repertoire of silly action fare , I decided to give Action Jackson a whirl . I figured that it 'd be at least half-way decent ; it was produced by Joel Silver , the guy who oversaw the production of the Lethal Weapon flicks and the first two Die Hards , after all . With a resume like that , how could ` ja go wrong ? Whoops , forgot about ` The Last Boy Scout ' ... I found ` Action Jackson ' to be not just a bad movie , but a legendarily bad movie . What 's the diff between ` bad ' and ` legendarily bad ' , you ask ? ` Bad ' is when I watch a dumb movie once , and have no interest in watching it again . ` Legendarily bad ' is when I watch a dumb movie once , and I am so astonished by how bad it is , I hafta watch it again , ` cuz I could n't believe how lousy it was the first time ` round . Simply put , it 's the cinematic rendition of me doin ' a double-take . It was also a sad waste of approximately three hours of my life that could 've been better spent watchin ' the grass in my back yard grow ... Anyway , on to our star of the show , Carl Weathers . After watching him perform in this sad affair , I 'd say that , for a leading man , he makes a really good supporting character . Then again , it probably was n't his fault-there 's only so much one can do when one is working off of a lousy script filled with really lame jokes and hokey one-liners . On the upside , though , his character does manage to survive all the way through the movie , which had become a rare thing for him ever since Rocky IV ... Craig T. Nelson of ` Coach ' fame is the heavy , a psychotic car manufacturer -LRB- the movie 's based in Detroit -RRB- with aspirations of becoming a political kingmaker . Sadly , after spending a few nights watching him in ` Coach ' , I ca n't take Nelson seriously in any role that 's not comedic-well , except perhaps as Carol-Ann 's dad in ` Poltergeist ' . But other than that , he just looks a bit too goofy to pull off the ` Underhanded-action-flick-bad-guy ' deal . I did love him overselling his character 's death -LRB- following a nice , juicy blood squib -RRB- for all he 's worth , though-that was good for a chuckle or two.And alas , there 's poor Sharon Stone in one of her less-than-memorable pre-Total Recall roles -LRB- not to mention one of her not-so-notable pre-Basic Instinct nudie scenes -RRB- as she plays the ill-fated wife of the future college football coach -- whoops , I mean avaricious car builder . Taking into consideration how retarded this flick is , I find her character 's murder by her significant other halfway into the proceedings a mercy killing ... Other notable appearances include ... - Thomas Wilson , best known as Biff `` Hello , McFly ?! '' Tannen from the ` Back to the Future ' movies , appears here as a smarmy , smart-aleck patrolman . His performance is reminiscent of Bill Paxton 's most famous roles -LRB- think of Chet from ` Weird Science ' crossed with Simon from ` True Lies ' -RRB- , only without any of the wit or warmth . - Robert Davi as a tightly-wound and highly paranoid friend of Jackson 's who knows just a little too much about the main heavy 's avaricious aspirations . And you know what that means , right ? Yep , you guessed it -- several seconds after tellin ' our hero all he knows , he 's bumped off in his apartment by a henchman disguised as a UPS driver . Y' know , for a guy who 's is tryin ' to lay low , and jumps at every little sound he hears , Davi 's character did n't seem to mind lettin ' the fake UPS guy just waltz on in ... - That Asian dude with the long hair and Fu Manchu who you always see playin ' an evil henchman who gets bumped off right before climactic final fight between the hero and the heavy , appears here as an evil henchman who gets bumped off right before the climactic final fight between the hero and the heavy . No type-casting here , heh ... Speakin ' of the final fight , you 'll likely find yourself in stitches after watching Jackson drive a sports car up a couple flights of stairs on his way to the climactic duel . And if that ai n't funny enough , you 'll also get a kick outta the `` playing chicken-with-a-taxicab '' sequence . This moment features plenty of implausible explosions , as well as our hero performing the superhuman feat of punching through a windshield which apparently is n't made from that safety glass they use nowadays . Musta ' been an American-made taxi , hmm ? And this scene 's climax was so ridiculous -- well , more so than you 'd usually expect from an action flick -- , I was laughing like a mental patient for a full minute after its conclusion!On a final note
 This movie is just plain bad . As other reviewers have said , it is cut from the same cloth as Arnold Schwarzenegger action movies , though is not even up to the low quality of those . One liners that are supposed to be funny , violent action , women who are nothing more than eye candy , clich&eacute;d characters and a one-man fighting force are all part of this hackneyed formula . As the main character , Carl Weathers certainly fits the part
 I was really looking foward to this one . I have n't seen any of them in years but remembered liking all of them . So I get it as a gift and , lo and behold , it 's fullscreen . Apparently there 's not a widescreen version of this collection , which of course is unbelieveably stupid .
 For a movie with action in its title , it lacks the much needed action . I bought this because I remembered loving this movie as a teen , now watching this movie as an adult it is pretty boring . Typical by the numbers boring -LRB- semi -RRB- action filled movie . I would recommend renting if you can or just watching it through Amazon . This movie is not worth buying , I feel stupid for buying the movie now .
 A maverick cop -LRB- Carl Weathers -RRB- is on the trail of a corrupt auto tycoon -LRB- Craig T. Nelson -RRB- . Unfortunately , Action Jackson is a gabfest punctuated by not-so-hot sex scenes . Even with all the talk , screenwriter Robert Reneau has to introduce a character in the last 20 minutes to explain what is happening . There are a couple of good stunt scenes , through . Rated R for violence , drug use , simulted sex , nudity , and profanity . 1988 ; 95m .
 Viewed
 childish screenplay with formulaic dialog , explosions , unnecessary nudity scenes , unnecessary clown-like keep-fainting pickpocket-bag snatching guy , unnecessary gun shooting scenes , song ... ruined a lot of furniture , broke a lot of windows , unnecessary man-of-the-year award scene ... almost 80 % of this movie could be deleted without hurting the super shallow and hollow childish movie . worse than reading a comic book . a total waste of the production fund which could do a lot good for the 3rd world countries .
 Action Jackson is an all-around bad movie . The acting is not very good , and the story itself is not the best . I think a big reason why the movie was not a success is because Carl Weathers is not a lead actor . He is a co-star . He was great in Rocky and Preditor but as a lead-man not so much .
 Carl Weathers is n't usually at the top of anyone 's list of great thespians . But the guy coulda been a solid action movie `` actor '' a la Arnie . Unfortunately , that was effectively killed by his role in `` Action Jackson , '' a bad action movie even for people who like dumb action movies -LRB- like me -RRB- . It has the makings of a good action flick . Half the cast of `` Predator '' shows up here , there is lots of sensless violence , and much-appreciated random nudity from Sharon Stone and Vanity . But it somehow just does n't work . The script is too stupid , and the directing too pedestrian to result in anything but B-movie filler . It is n't quite bad enough to be fun , though it has some moments that are just stupefying in their ridiculousness , and not good enough to be good.The problem with an dumb action movie is that you either need to go totally over the top , and embrace ridiculous absurdity , or do it straight , and actually make a competent movie . If you do something in-between , the result is no good . And that is the fate of `` Action Jackson . ''
 ... . You do n't have to be a brain surgeon to figure out what happens next.A movie that is loud , clumsy , empty-headed , totally unfunny , mean-spirited & full of moronic supporting characters ; MAX KEEBLE will appeal only to the most simple-minded of children . Amazingly there are FOUR writers credited here ! Their combined creative genius even sees the biggest cliche of high school movies trotted out yet again
 Here 's another staggeringly unoriginal and unfunny kids comedy from Disney , where the future of the film is set up before the screenwriters type one word of it up
 The trailers make `` Max Keeble 's Big Move '' look like it could be a charming and enjoyable family comedy . But now I wo n't know , because Disney has decided to ignore a large portion of the DVD market , namely the people who established the format and buy more DVDs than any other group . Of course I 'm referring to DVD customers who prefer to see the entire film the way it was made , in its theatrical aspect ratio . Instead of presenting `` Max Keeble 's Big Move '' in 1.85:1 widescreen , as it was framed for and as the trailers show , Disney has decided to do a Fullscreen-only release . Well , Disney could n't be more out of touch with their customer base , as they 're losing the business of myself and several others who feel that films deserve respect to be seen in their proper ratio . I definitely would have rented it , which very well could have lead to a purchase , but instead , I 'll pass this up for a family DVD that is presented in its proper ratio . It 's a shame too , because Larry Miller is one funny man , and I looked forward to seeing Alex D. Linz 's and Robert Carradine 's performances . If you enjoyed this movie , I 'd recommend holding off for a widescreen DVD release . If you did n't like it , then there 's really no reason to consider renting or buying anyway . I really would love to buy this DVD , but Disney does n't realize that Pan & Scan is fine and dandy for VHS , but not for DVDs , particularly when the future is clearly 16:9 widescreen television sets . If this release is indicative of Disney 's Big Move in thinking that DVD customers want fullscreen , they 'll be saving me -LRB- and many others I 'm sure -RRB- a lot of money . I 've got no problem with people who prefer to watch Movies in Fullscreen , but there is a major problem , when there is no choice given to the consumer , and we are unable to view a film in its original , unedited form .
 Funny , funny funny ... Unrestrained junior academic high jinks that will have your 14 year old , -LRB- and not to mention , YOURSELF -RRB- sprinting violently out of the room and into the streets screaming loud uproarious praise for this once-in-a-lifetime masterpiece . This little jem of a purchase is a must for anyonetired of the usual hollywood fair . The character of Mark is by far the biggest scene-stealer in this shining cast of adolescent thespians ! I have seen the glorious future and it has a name
 KIDS WILL LOVE IT . ADULTS WILL THINK IT 'S KID 'S STUFF . I CA N'T SAY I HATED IT . BUT IT 'S DEFINITELY FOR THE NICKELODEON CROWD .
 This is only avalible in full screen . Its lack of a proper aspect ratio . Disney is totally ignorant in this issue . When disney decides to release this in its in 1.85 anamorphic widescreen then I will buy it .
 Shadowheart promises to be a thrilling western about a man who returns for vengeance on his father 's murder , only to `` discover a Native American world where justice has no nameand vengeance rides in the shadows . '' From this , Shadowheart sounds very promising . As other reivewers correctly note , however , the film falls far , far from its description . The story is slow going -LRB- taking about 30 wandering minutes to really take shape -RRB- , and the meeting of this Native American tribe -LRB- of two Native Americans -RRB- is , at best , a wandering side plot to a wandering main plot.THE BEST
 My husband I watched this movie last night . I do n't `` book review '' movies because that information can be found in other reviews and the product description . We love westerns , have watched them for over 50 years , and have a great respect for the older , and more recent , great ones in the genre , such as Shane , High Noon , Gunfight at the OK Corral , Unforgiven , Open Range , among others . Shadowheart can not be mentioned in the same sentence with great westerns . My husband gave it 1 stars ; I had to give it one star because 0 stars can not be posted . Here is why : The first 10 minutes of the movie lays out the plot , which does catch your attention . Unfortunately , after the initial promise , from then on everything goes straight downhill , whether it is the story -LRB- predictable -RRB- , dialogue -LRB- leaves a lot to be desired -RRB- , acting -LRB- fair to poor -RRB- , or directing -LRB- out to lunch -RRB- . I personally did n't think it was possible to muddle the themes of revenge and redemption ; however , this movie does a fairly good job of it.The movie is relentlessly depressing . It starts out badly , and from there , it just gets worse . In that respect only , it strongly reminded me of an excellent 1967 movie called Welcome to Hard Times . Otherwise , there is nothing about Shadowheart , the title being explained in a completely confusing way , that is funny , entertaining , uplifting , or fathomable , for that matter . To compound everything , there are blatant attempts to interject revisionist history or political correctness , either with the settlers or the Indians , which have the result of placing the characters in situations doing actions that are entirely unbelievable.There is no cinematography to speak of , so even if you wanted to just look at the scenery , that is n't an option . The movie is n't worth renting , much less purchasing . I was truly sorry to have spent two hours watching it . It will not be placed in our DVD library , and I can not think of anyone I dislike enough to give it to .
 `` He came for revenge ... he found redemption '' is the tag-line for this movie . I wo n't spoil the film , but as far as that tag-line goes ... not really . And that is my main problem with this film . It had no idea what it was trying to say . It leads you in the direction of God and redemption , completely ignores it , and pays you off with ... well , I ca n't say without putting spoilers in the review . I 'll just say , the ending should have been different , considering the actions and words of the characters . At the same time I was afraid that this would be a movie that over preachy , and it was not.The plot , briefly , is typical Western fare . A preacher is killed , the son goes off and comes back years later for revenge.Cinematically , this feels like a Halmark or Disney channel made-for-T.V. movie . Having grown up on the films of Sergio Leone , I have a love of Westerns where you can feel the grit . Where you can smell the stink coming off the actors on the screen . In `` Shadowheart '' , everyone has perfectly shampooed hair and bright clean clothes . Even after a fight , characters have perfectly and artistically applied dirt and blood to their clothes . The most hilarious is the main character 's glued on mustache when he returns to town , to let you know he 's a `` tough guy '' . The writing and acting , for the most part , is fairly dreadful . The `` bad guys '' are the most hilarious of caricatures . Black Bart meets Yosemite Sam . The Navajo are portrayed as both the `` noble savage '' and as the `` magical healers '' . Two stereotypes for the price of one . The railroad surveyors are hilarious anachronisms.The only saving grace for this movie is that , in spite of its relatively safe PG-13 approach to filming and story , there is a surprising amount of darkness to the film . This is what actually drew me in to the story and kept me from turning it off after 10 minutes . Still , given all of countless great westerns that exist , I would put this film way down the list of movies in that genre that should be seen . It was n't entirely dreadful . 2.5 stars , rounding down .
 Shadowheart is not your typical western and I have mixed feelings about it . If I want a true western I think I 'll turn to Eastwood . Allow me to split my thoughts into pros and cons ... There are several things I do n't like about Shadowheart . First of all , the movie does n't exactly reflect the title . I think in the first minute the narration says something along the lines of `` I refer to him as Shadowheart '' and that 's all we hear of that . You can forget about it and might as well make up your own title . I would call it Legend , which is where this takes place , a town in New Mexico set in 1865 . Secondly , the beginning of the movie is boring and the child acting is borderline laughable . Obviously not all children are stars , but the acting just is n't good . Thirdly , the very end did not seem necessary . I wo n't say much so as not to spoil everything , but if it ended showing the yellow ribbon and nothing afterward I would have been happier . That would have been a great way to finish . Watch and you 'll know exactly what I mean.Now on to what I do like about Shadowheart . First of all , poor acting aside , this is a solid story . I enjoyed it despite dealing with the aforementioned cons . James Conners loses his father to murder as a child , he leaves town and returns an adult seeking vengeance . Would I recommend it as a western to see ? No . Would I recommend it as a movie to see ? Maybe . Secondly , Will Tunney is a fantastic character . He 's the slimy guy everyone 's afraid to mess with and he ultimately owns the town . Nobody likes him , likely even his own crew . Heck , I wanted him dead the entire movie he was that ruthless .
 This movie was billed as best western since tombstone.IT was a far cry from being anywheres close as good as tombstone . At best it was ok as a B movie . Some of the actors very good . The rest just ok . All in all this was a amaturish low budget movie .
 Well , where do I start with this review ? This movie had great scenery , but the acting was bad . It was more a made for T.V. movie . The plot started out great , with a Preacher , and sweet son , and then came the bad guy , who took over the town . By the middle of the movie it became more cheesy than anything good . I would say this would qualify for a Hallmark movie , my husband hated this movie and made rude comments about it being cheesy throughout the whole thing . I thought it was okay , there was no sex , and only one curse word that I could remember , yet there was some violence , not bad considering the normal violent movies . Although James did seek revenge in this movie , it was just deserved . I hated the bad guy too , and I guess that means he played his part well . If you want to view this movie , just rent it , not worth seeing over . This movie was kind of preachy , but that 's okay , it 's just that this movie was actually really cheesy , but worth at least one viewing .
 Being a proud member of Amazon.com 's Vine reviewers , I found myself pondering why some movies were available on occasion -LRB- usually ones I 've never heard of -RRB- , while others were not . I also consider myself a responsible reviewer ; in other words , I 'll read , sample , or watch whatever it is I get from Amazon 's Vine program , regardless of what it looks like on the outside . Unfortunately , a pattern is emerging for The Vine program films . These are the seldom heard of ones I mentioned earlier . To give you an idea as to what types of films are being offered through The Vine , I 'll use this one -- SHADOWHEART -- as an example.First , let 's take into consideration the fact that the film was produced by first-time film production company Desert Moon Pictures . Okay . So . Big deal . Now let 's look at the main actor , Justin Ament . His film repertoire is not exactly stellar . He 's had a lot of uncredited work -LRB- see `` extra '' -RRB- , obviously trying to break into Hollywood 's mainstream . He 's written two screenplays
 Simply put , `` Shadowheart '' is an atrocious film . Although it 's not as bad as some of the other films I 've seen , `` Shadowheart '' is poorly written , badly acted , and historically inaccurate.What kept bothering me throughout the movie was n't the fact that this Western was n't actually set in a correct era , it was the fact that no one in this film speaks as if they were in the 19th century New Mexico . The dialogue , as well as the accent , are modern-day . The music , the sets , the costumes - everything rarely has a feel of the olden era about it.All in all , it 's almost as if someone read the Cliff Notes as to how to behave in a Western and made it into a film.Perhaps in his first film debut , Dean Alioto should n't have overextended himself by trying to be a triple threat -LRB- writer-director-actor -RRB- ; he should 've focused on one area . He needed to have concentrated more on honing his script to include character development and realistic dialogue , directing his actors , and doing something besides looking moody and mysterious as a supporting character , Spider . Alioto attempts to project his inner Sam Elliott in the film and comes up quite short.Furthermore , it 's unclear why Alioto needed 114 minutes to tell the most basic of all stories and why he needed to use every minute of film to drag out the most basic of plots . The plot begins with the murder of James Conners -LRB- Justin Ament -RRB- , the preacher of the town of Legend , New Mexico . Conners runs away , fights through the Civil War , comes back to get the girl of his dreams , decides not to avenge his father 's death and realizes how wrong he 's been about `` turning the other cheek . `` A film that could 've dealt with Conners ' inner turmoil and the questions of forgiveness and religious beliefs vs reality , `` Shadownheart '' barely even hints at these themes and provided no others for the viewer to contemplate.The only possible highlight of this film is Angus Macfadyen . Macfadyen plays Will Tunney - the film 's villain - a murderer , philanderer , and a business tycoon . Tunney is a character that 's a lot more promising than the purported hero of this film . However , Macfadeyen has very little to work with in terms of script and is thus unable to carry this movie.The cover for the DVD for `` Shadowheart '' claims that this is `` The best movie sinceTombstone . '' The only way that this can be the case is if the person providing such feedback -LRB- Peter Sherayko , who is a `` Western historian '' according to the DVD cover -RRB- has not seen any other Westerns since `` Tombstone . '' To even draw comparisons between `` Tombstone '' and `` Shadowheart '' is to think excessively low of the former and optimistically high of the latter.Even though I never push my opinion of a movie on others -LRB- realizing that everyone has different taste -RRB- , I must recommend against watching this film .
 I am writing to warn lovers of Westerns to avoid this movie . It is a dull , plodding , uninspiring Western that should be avoided at all costs .
 I am sorry but this movie is boring , pointless , and a waste of time . I have to agree with many other reviewers here ... 2 over 10 .
 If you preferred `` The Apple Dumpling Gang '' to `` A Fistful of Dollars '' , you just might sit through `` Shadowheart '' in its entirety.Otherwise , stilted acting , horrible makeup , an awful , treacly , by-the-numbers plot , and a screenplay which must consist of large quantities of capital letters to drive the morality play home will drive you to push Eject long before the final act.Just . Awful .
 It seems like most movies are non-stop action or so boring you may fall asleep . Shadowheart falls nicely in the middle ground.Aside from the nice pace of development , Shadowheart lacked any `` sizzle '' . The acting was unremarkable . The scenery was unremarkable . The plot was depressing.There really is n't much to say about this movie . The villain is totally disgusting and so you definitely want to see the hero get revenge or justice , but the ending is really nothing more than depressing . Sure it might have been cliche to have a `` successful/cheerful '' ending but it would have been a lot better than how this plot failed.Even though this is probably considered a `` western romance '' it really completely lacked romance . There are a couple of Native Americans that could have been great characters but the opportunity was completely lost .
 As a child , Bounty Hunter James Conner saw his father killed , and fled leaving his home and the love of his life . Returning years later after fighting in the Civil War , James is planning to wed his lost love and exact his own brand of justice on the evil land baron , Will Tunney . Returning to Legend , New Mexico and capturing the one who ruined his life does n't prove as easy as he thought . While I was excited to get a movie thru the Vine Program , I was a little disappointed . `` Shadowheart '' was n't as good as I had hoped . The cinematography was n't that exciting , the music was n't that good and it was kind of low budget . I am not even sure if it was worthy of being shown on the Lifetime channel . However , what merits the `` 2 '' rating , was the ending . Like traditional westerns , this ending was n't flowery or pretty , but believable .
 Well I do n't want to be mean for the sake of being mean , but this is a terrible movie . It is poorly acted , poorly written , and it 's has a few scenes that the direction would make a high school drama club cringe . In addition the movie has vaguely Christian themes , but no substance . The only real enjoyment I got out of this was heckling it with my friends . There is a review on the cover that says it is the best western since `` Tombstone '' ; That is a bold face lie . In addition it says that it has Daniel Baldwin on the cover . Now I 'm not a Baldwin fan but it is always a sign of a bad movie when they list the biggest actor on the cover and he has maybe 5 lines and about 30 seconds on screen .
 And this was nothing like a good western . There is a scene in the movie where the lead actor says that he has seen things so terrible that a good God could n't have allowed them , the filming of this movie might have been one of them . Terrible acting combined with a predictable script , and a lousy score all combine to make this a c-grade movie . The one purpose this movie does serve is that for all of you western fans who have heard one to many times that John Wayne ca n't act , you could now loan this movie to them to prove he could . I will say however , that there is very little violence , no bad language , etc. . . so you could in theory show this to your children , though why they or you would want to see it is beyond me .
 `` The best western since Tombstone '' huh ? Not bloody likely . Shadowheart follows a revenge-driven man -LRB- Justin Ament -RRB- seeking vengeance upon the amoral Will -LRB- Angus MacFadyen -RRB- for the death of his father -LRB- William Sadler -RRB- years before . He returns to the town he grew up in and re-acquaints himself with a lost love -LRB- Marnie Alton -RRB- . What really hurts Shadowheart more than anything is the ultra-cliche nature of it all . Everything featured in this film has been seen in plenty of westerns before it , and done much , much better as a result . The film is so predictable from beginning to end , and it way too long in running time to boot . Seriously , it does n't take too long until it feels like torture getting through this film . The horrible acting and sloppy direction do n't help matters here either . All in all , Shadowheart is by and far something worth avoiding . No matter how much you may love the western genre , do yourself a favor and avoid this film .
 This was the worst movie I have seen in a very long time . The story is weak . The actors are flat . The first 5 minutes make you realize you are watching a movie that was not good enough to be `` made for TV '' . I can not say enough bad things about this film . It is indescribably awful . Put your money towards tickets to the local pre-school play , it will be better .
 Before I watched this movie , I had high hopes . I saw a review on here saying this was the best western sinceTombstone . Not even close . First off , let me explain the title of my review . Now I do n't mean by saying that this movie is geared toward octogenarians/80 year olds as an insult . What I mean is this is the type of western made by Roy Rodgers and John Wayne back in the 50s and even 40s . They are pretty dry for the most part and look like they are shot in the hills behind the Hollywood sign . Nothing fancy in those oldies and nothing fancy here . The main building in the movie , a church , looks like a large version of a tool shed . What drew me to this movie was the mention of the Civil War and it had a 2 minute Civil War scene that must have put them back -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks to shoot . Another reason I wanted to see this move is because there have n't been many westerns made recently but surprisingly the ones getting the most publicity have been pretty good . Shadowhart is not.Westerns started having much more of an edge in the 60s . Bad guys starting being really bad . The main bad guy in Shadowheart is annoying . Heck I wanted to shoot him 20 minutes into the movie just to shut up his bad dialog and mannerisms . The story was very predictable . The acting was mixed , some were a little better then others , but overall what you would expect from a low budget indie or made for TV movies . When I am watching a western and thinking to myself that the women are out acting the men , Houston , you have a problem . Great films are the ones you want to watch over and over . I hope to never see Shadowheart again.Want to see a great western?Deadwood
 This is going to be my shortest review ever . The movie Open Range , with Robert Duvall and Kevin Costner , does what this movie tries to do , but does it ten times better . Just skip this one and get Open Range - a truly great Western . You 'll thank me later .
 Dean Alioto cast himself as the gunman Spider & also directed . He was interesting as the assassin who kills for the bad guy Will Tunney . Angus Macfadyen plays the bad guy with relish . He does a very good job , although Alioto does him no favors with several over-the-top moments where it 's hard to tell whether he 's playing comedy like `` L.A. Dicks '' which Alioto also directed or a seriously evil man . The dialogue and characterization tends to make Tunney ridiculous rather than callous as when he checks his hair in his pocket watch rather than attend to a mayoral meeting . Add to this the sorely limited acting of Justin Ament who handles the grief of his wife 's loss with sad puppy dog eyes , not even nearing the level of intensity needed to motivate the final scene . The two actors playing American Indians , Michael Spears as Washakie and Tonantzin Carmelo as Miakoda , do well in the film , except for brief melodramatic touches by Carmelo . Marnie Alton as Mary Cooper does an excellent job in her appearance as the bride . Ines Dali is also quite impressive as Velma , the lady of the evening who somehow has a crush on the evil Tunney . Shawn Reeves also turns in a good performance as Johny Cooper , Mary 's brother the stable keeper . Unfortunately , the script does n't hang together very well . I believe this film was intended to appeal to a Christian audience because of its philosophic emphasis on nonviolence . However , it winds up portraying Christians as weak people who would rather allow their families to be killed rather than stand up to evil . While I sympathized with the intent , the execution irked me . William Sadler did a nice cameo as the preacher . I stopped this film several times not wanting to watch more . I did eventually make it through the entire film , but once was more than enough . Taxi !
 This beautifully shot movie has some great acting and beautiful scenery , but the mixed messages of revenge/retribution/stopping evil/forgiveness are never fully explored or explained . It could have a really good movie , but it seemed like the director was torn between shooting it as a morality tale or as a quasi-Clint Eastwood western . My family was left looking at each other like ... `` What ? '' Great potential , but not realized .
 I 'm going to have to blameDeadwood
 The plot is both weak and boring , drawn out by self indulgent scenes which separate the inevitable very predictable action . The acting is poor , with one exception , not that the script would lend itself to good acting anyhow . Camera work is mediocre . This DVD will go out in the next garage sale !
 What a disappointment.This movie sets out to tell a story of `` forgiveness and redemption '' -LRB- according to the extras -RRB- . It does neither . How sad to get into a story that 's afraid , or does not know how , to resolve what has been set up . I love Westerns but this tedious , overlong , and way too talky dud is firing blanks.This film purports to be about spirituality . In fact , it has the trappings of a `` Christian production . '' But sadly , it is without a soul . Or commercial prospects . I 'm glad I saw it for free . I wonder , just who is the intended audience ? I ca n't imagine.There 's a powerful story in the premise . But I guess no one involved in the production actually experienced forgiveness or redemption . Hollywood can do that to a person . I know .
 I could almost hear Don LaFontaine 's voice over trailer in my head `` Starring no-one , you 've ever heard of '' as I began this movie , but thought I would give it a chance , as I love the Western movie genre.Trouble is that it 's been done infinitely better than this , and as good an idea of trying to revive the western -LRB- again -RRB- this is a dry , and boring flick.The script is actually not that bad , predictable but still OK , it just never gets going . Everyone seems to be spending so much time being laconic and `` in character '' they forget to actually act.Not too much else to say really . Cowboy with closet full of skeletons much face evil land baron -LRB- and his own inner demons -RRB- to save the day , win the girl , rescue the town blah de blah blah.Where 's Randolph Scott when you need him ? 2 stars .
 I 'm painfully watching it now . Got ta finish it just bcs I would feel even more raped if I did n't . Horrible horrible horrible.It 's just all bad.I will say that we have had a lot of fun ripping on it.That 's the only good thing I got out of it .
 SHADOWHEART is a Western that contains just about every cliche you could imagine from a Western ... all of it delivered clumsily and with almost no new spin . Westerns are by their nature formulaic ... they are a genre that hews closely to established turns . That 's why they have often struggled in modern times ... it 's rare they find an embracing audience because they often feel tired and uninspired , unless crafted with real skill and fervency -LRB- I 'm thinking of UNFORGIVEN or the 3:10 TO YUMA remake -RRB- . This Western , based on a story by its star Justin Ament suffers from a low budget which did not allow the money to hire skillful lead actors , craft a good script or even provide for technical technique that ever rises above mid-level TV movie quality.As a young boy , James Cooper 's preacher father is killed by town trouble maker Will Tunney ... so James flees his New Mexico home to head east . He leaves behind his best friend , a young girl named Mary as well as his shame at not having the nerve to kill the man who murdered his beloved father . Year later , James returns to his old town a Civil War He arrests veteran who has been hardened by his work as a bounty hunter . He finds that Will is now mayor and a major landowner , but still a vicious killer . Things do n't work out as easily as James would like , and the movie takes many predictable turns . Although the body count of `` good '' guys is higher than normal -RRB- . It even echoes DANCES WITH WOLVES at times.While little in the film is new , a well done Western can still be engrossing . Simple passions and clear boundaries between good and evil can make the films satisfying and emotional . But SHADOWHEART suffers because its lead `` good '' guy -LRB- Ament -RRB- is not only bland , but downright bad . He rarely musters up any convincing emotions -LRB- and his efforts are not helped by a corny soundtrack that contains a couple of songs so bad as to be laughable -RRB- . And as Will Tunney , character actor Angus Macfadyen might just as well be twirling a mustache and typing folks to railroad tracks . We hate him mostly because he 's so unconvincing.The film , set in New Mexico but filmed in California , looks nice and that 's virtually its only redeeming quality . It is violent , but most of the violence is not terribly graphic , which I suppose might make this a good movie for an older audience that yearns for the days of films with no bad language , nudity or overt sexuality or violence . That 's not a knock on that kind of film or audience member . SHADOWHEART is one of those movies that was probably a labor of love from Ament and director Deann Alioto -LRB- who also co-wrote the screenplay and takes on a major supporting role -RRB- . I 'm not sure how they got the supposed budget of $ 10,000,000 ... but I 'm guessing they were disappointed with the returns on the investment.I almost hate to criticize this film , because it feels a little like yelling at a group of youth league football players for not being able to beat a college team . It feels like a movie made by folks eagerly trying to break into the big leagues , even though they do n't have the skills . But when there are so many better entertainments out there that deserve your attention , I must try to steer you away from spending 114 minutes on SHADOWHEART .
 Unlike many people my age -LRB- who do n't quite fit into Generation X or the Millenials -RRB- , I was raised watching Westerns and it is a film genre that I particularly enjoy . My parents were Baby Boomers and they made sure my siblings and I knew about Roy Rogers , Gene Autry , Paladin , the Lone Ranger , and the Cisco Kid . Most of the films we watched were somewhat melodramatic with a formulaic plot that included a good dose of humor and or music . I 've re-watched some of those films recently and even the most formulaic of these stories is better than the average films Hollywood now pushes out . There are certain characteristics of the genre and the reason Westerns often seem to fail nowadays is because filmmakers just do n't understand the genre . Such is the case with SHADOWHEART.SHADOWHEART is an independent , low-budget Western that revolves around the character of James Conners -LRB- Justin Ament -RRB- . The opening segment of the movie shows the relationships between Conners with his best friend , Johny Cooper -LRB- the older version portrayed by Shawn Reaves -RRB- , his sweetheart Mary Cooper -LRB- older version portrayed by Marnie Alton -RRB- , and his father , Thomas Conners -LRB- William Sadler -RRB- . Thomas is the pastor of the small church in the town . The church building is one that he has built by his hand from the bottom up . On a summer day he is putting the finishing coats of white paint on the steeple when he is approached by Will Tunney -LRB- Angus MacFayden -RRB- . Tunney is a local drunk and lowlife . However , Tunney informs Rev. Conners that last night in a game of cards he won the deed for the land the church sits on . He gives the Reverend two days to pay off the money he still owes on the deed otherwise he is evicting him . The Reverend is dismayed and Tunney shoots the man in cold blood . However , there are no witnesses to the crime and when the sheriff arrives two traveling lowlifes claim they saw the Reverend preparing to throw a hammer at Tunney . Thomas last words to James are that he forgive those who wrong him . With that , James is left an orphan and leaves behind his town and sets out for family who live in the South.Fifteen years pass by . The Civil War has come and gone and now Tunney is a respected businessman and mayor of the town . Through murder , extortion , and other unsavory means he owns all of the land in town . When James returns home to seek out his long-lost love , Mary , he also plans on seeking revenge on Tunney . But Mary and Thomas Conner 's words of forgiveness weight heavy upon James and leave him conflicted . What will he do , what will he do?Angus MacFayden gives a wonderful performance as Will Tunney . He steals every scene he is in . Most of the other cast give decent performances , though there are some moments of blandness . That 's about the only redeeming features about SHADOWHEART . The rest is a hodge-podge mix-match mess.Let 's start off with what SHADOWHEART portends to be . The DVD cover states that the movie is an exciting Western about a man who returns to his hometown to seek revenge for his father 's murder only to , `` discover a Native American world where justice has no name and vengeance rides in the shadows . '' Well , there are only two Indians in most of the movie and neither one of them seems to be part of the world in which they are living . In fact , they are escapees from group of natives being moved to a reservation . When we first meet them they appear more like a line of slaves being brought to market instead of the actual groups of people that were forced to move to reservations.Most of the dialog is quite silly and melodramatic . The actors do what they can with it , but there 's only so much you can do when given pressed ham and cheese to work with.The story is all over the map . You think the overall story is going to be about James coming home to seek his revenge , but finding redemption instead . Well , he does , but then the bad guys escape and instead of redemption , James is left wanting revenge again . Bad guys appear out of nowhere , none the more apparent than a character called Spider who seems only to exist as a deux ex a machine for the bad guys and to give the director an opportunity to act in the movie . Railroad men , who were some of the most ruthless and consistent figures in history , alter their plans for a railroad at the request of a small town land baron whom they will never see again.Oh , and then there 's the whole them of SHADOWHEART . Is it about revenge or redemption ? Well , the two are kind of related , but they are distinct things . The movie confuses the two all the time and ends with a message that you can get redemption through revenge even if it goes against everything else in the movie . James father , his girl Mary , and even the Indian woman he meets all tell him that he wo n't see his loved ones again if his heart if full of shadow that is tinted with bloodlust . Yet , that 's exactly what he does and in the end everything turns out alright . It just does n't fit.I realize that my taste in movies are different from my parents . They were lovers of Westerns . So , I keep asking myself what my Dad and Mom would think of SHADOWHEART . I think they would say , `` It 's okay , '' and that would be it . That 's about the highest praise this movie should receive because beyond the acting , particularly Angus MacFayden 's performance , SHADOWHEART should be a movie better left in the shadows .
 A typical horror film , albeit done with skill . The first half is pretty much just a sequence of fright scenes . Then it switches to a psychological story with supernatural elements which I found much more interesting . The finale , however , is predictable and not very scary.The lovely Ha Ji Won is the star and she 's joined by some beautiful actresses that are equally put upon . But it 's gon na be 5-year-old Eun Seo-woo who 's gon na make the deepest impression on you . I promise . She has about a dozen scenes scattered thru out the movie with her stunningly acted climactic scene coming shortly before the film 's climax . I 'll bet she 'll amaze you even if the story or the other actors do n't .
 same layout like dark water , good movie to get rid of company .
 Not only was this movie not even the least bit frightening , the plot was convoluted , boring , and well ... it just plain sucked . Take it from a horror movie aficionado and skip this one , or at the very least rent it first .
 Another telephone horror flick . Only this movie did not produce a single thrill.I had to fight to stay awake during this one . Also , most of the plot seemed to be borrowed from some other movie.Don ' t waste your time or your money on this one .
 Directed by Byeong-ki Ahn , the film `` Phone '' boasts the usual beautiful cinematography one now expects from Korean horror , thriller and suspense films . Many viewers pointed out that this film reminded them of the Japanese film `` RINGU . '' However , as for myself , the film reminded me a lot of the horror films ONE MISSED CALL , and ONE MISSED CALL 2 . -LSB- The former being directed by Takashi Miike -RSB- . What this film lacked , that these two other films had , in my opinion , was a good story , creepy scenes , and a lot more scare factor . This film may appeal to some viewers , as witnessed by the number of those who liked it . However , the film has a few sub-plots going along with the narrative that make this film a bit disjointed.The film centers on a woman reporter named Ji-won -LRB- Ji-won Ha -RRB- . Ji-won has just exposed a sex ring of several men with underage girls . As a result , this has put her life in jeopardy . She is constantly being harassed through her cellphone with death threats . Furthermore , she is being pursued by one of these men . Therefore , for her protection , Ji-won decides to take up an offer to stay at the Bangbae house of her friends , which is still being renovated by her friends husband , Chang-hoon -LRB- Woo-jae Choi -RRB- . Her friend Ho-jeong -LRB- Yu-mi Kim -RRB- does not think that the house is suitable , and tries to dissuade Ji-won in a polite way . Yet , with the upcoming trial ahead of her , and for her protection , she takes Chang-hoon up on his offer . There is something ominous in this new house , and I do not wish to give this away.Moreover , there is something wrong with the young daughter of her friends . Young-ju -LRB- Seo-woo Eun -RRB- answers Ji-won 's cellphone while at an art exhibit , and afterwards begins exhibiting bizarre behavior . The child becomes more attached to her father , and more distant from the mother . Why ? What is the cause of this young child 's behavior that has changed drastically since she listened in on the cellphone ? Plus , something strange is happening in the house Ji-won is now living at . Not only does Ji-won still receive strange phone calls , but she also receives eerie pictures on her laptop computer . Determined to discover what is happening , Ji-won becomes convinced that she and the young child are in danger from a ghost . The film is predictable , and for the most part boring . If you must see the film , rent it first . I did not think this was a particularly good horror film . And what few horror scenes the viewer is witness to is not enough to salvage this film . I recommend viewers rent the film first . -LSB- Stars
 The storyline was rather bland and maybe it 's just me , but the whole concept of people being scared when their phone is ringing has been highly played out . There was one part that made me jump , but other than that , there is n't anything too scary and/or gory . The child actress in this movie , was not very convincing . Everytime she was `` going crazy '' , I could n't help but laugh at the poor acting.The DVD title screen for this movie is my favorite part . I kept thinking my own cell phone was interfering with the DVD player . haha . Anyhow , I would n't recommend this movie , unless you have nothing better to do .
 If you watched CHiP 's for years waiting for Ponch to pull his gun or drop the `` F '' bomb , then this may be your movie . Filled with 80 's , early 90 's cheese ; compleate with girl band montages and female wrestlers in tiny swim suits . About a biker who kills a dirty cop and then leaves to protect the gang , only to be framed by the dead cops partner who turns the gang against him . If you love B biker movies this will be right up your alley . If you are looking for a movie with sceans of vintage bikes this is not your movie as there are only scant shots of near modern day Evo 's . Over all not a bad flick for your biker movie collection , with an ending only slightly better than `` Hells Angles on Wheels '' .
 This movie was probably my least favorite i ever purchased . I kept it because i need somethin in my collection to confuse and aggrivate people with . Perhaps my in laws will finally leave sooner rather than later on movie night .
 For a few minutes at a time , it works , and those minutes are a pleasure - but those minutes are gradually buried by the mass of the film which does n't work and the audience is finally just rooting for the film to end .
 Woulda , shoulda , coulda ... been an o.k. movie . The cast was alright , although true , while nobody exactly sizzled , they did show glimmers of hotness here and there . The camera work was technically passable -- except when it tried to get tricky or artsy . The script appeared the biggest obstacle to turning out a decent film . The intention apparently was something about mutability of affection and genders , but other than to observe that people occasionally find these aspects of life befuddling , if not downright painful , there was little enough this film had to say , and certainly nothing we had n't already seen others address better . Louis Garrell has a micro-cameo at the closing -LRB- So who had to do him to convince him to drop by ? That 's the only interesting question here . -RRB- but regrettably , the reminder of Garrell 's work served solely to magnify the mediocrity of everything that had come before . Still ... one wishes the director well and that he perhaps try to think through his next project a tad more thoroughly before he rolls camera . Just a suggestion .
 This documentary had the ability to be up there with popcorn suttons , `` the last one '' . Except the producers totally bombed it . Some good stories , but I thought this was supposed to be about moonshine . ? . ? do n't waste your time , right when you sit down you 're getting back up to cut the tv off , 22 minutes , are u fin kidding me . That 's like a dollar a minute .
 if i wanted to see a drunk bum i would go behind the abc . no i wanted to learn a little more on the process of makeing it and about its roots . keep this in mind if you dont wan na feel cheated to
 I 'm actually kind of surprised by all the positive reviews that Kill Theory has garnered . This was one of the main attractions for me when first checking out this year 's After Dark Horrorfest lineup , and the end result is basically a cross between Saw and slasher conventions . A group of college grads -LRB- among them horror vet hottie Agnes Bruckner and Sons of Anarchy 's Theo Rossi -RRB- become the targets of a killer -LRB- Kevin Gage -RRB- who proceeds to turn them all against each other in an effort to survive until just one is left standing . In between all that is some atrocious acting and average makeup effects , but what saves Kill Theory from being complete horror rubbish are the decent amount of twists towards the end of the film . Those alone make Kill Theory worth a look , but all in all , you 're not really missing much here .
 This movie was clunky and an obvious rip off but it was pretty fun to watch and laugh at . The plot is a little ridiculous and far fetched and riddled with holes . The movie does n't really elaborate too much on how the killer is aware of the movement of 8 people at all times . The only contact he has with them is through a walkie talkie and I do n't believe for a second that every escape route was booby trapped and monitored . The characters could have loaded up supplies and escaped but instead they just stand around yelling at each other or just do n't care . The whole thing was really illogical but I guess it 's fun if you ever wondered what Saw would have been like if it was made to be just another horror trope flick with a sadistic killer . Just seems like it was made really quick with no real thought put into it .
 A diabolical genius traps young , attractive people in a house and promises that only one will leave alive . This might sound like Saw , but it 's also the plot of Kill Theory.Kill Theory starts out with the usual college kids getting drunk at a party formula , with two exceptions
 Why there is such a paucity of fresh ideas in the film industry is beyond me . On the technical side we seem to have the best of the best . American films are some of the best shot , edited , scored , etc. , etc. , etc. , on the planet . But try to come up with an original script and you 're in the desert . Maybe they 're out there and just ca n't get funded BECAUSE they 're original . It might be like the banking industry . Banks give you an umbrella when it 's sunny out.Kill Theory is a good example . I saw the first and -LRB- I believe -RRB- second `` Saw '' movies . The first was pretty good and the second was more of the same . My guess that trend continued , but it was a successful series so someone tried to figure out how to tweek the original idea and make a movie out of it . Kill Theory takes the original Saw premise and turns it so that the idea is n't just to save yourself by coming clean on some sin you committed , it is to save yourself at the expense of your friends.Here , a group of soon to be college grad friends takes a few days at the summer home of one of the troop to binge on booze and sex . I guess it 's the final fling before graduation . It 's an idyllic place way off in the country . Soon they are put upon by the bad guy who tells them that if one of them will kill all the others he will save his own butt . If they stick together and not do so , he will kill them all.Things unravel and people die . None of this rings true.Of course they are too far away from any place for their cell phones to work . -LRB- I do n't know how many times that 's shown up recently -RRB- Of course the killer has set up clever little traps for them . Of course he 's figured out what they will do before they do it . The writer 's thumb prints are all over the script . You can feel the wheels turn as the story unfolds . The hints as to why this person is going to kill that person are set up very poorly , so when they happen , they do n't make enough sense.The production values were OK nothing stood out as being particularly good or bad . It was just blah . About the only interesting thing I found were that most of the girls had some meat on their bones . They were n't the skinny little things you usually see . All things being equal , I would n't bother with this one . There just is n't enough here to recommend it .
 No reason this movie was made . It is not well written and Kevin Gage is in it for less than a minute ? The rest is just a fantasy of pitting friends against friends . The `` Theory '' does not hold water .
 From past experience , most After Dark Horrorfest selections have something to recommend them , and I think they do a great service of bringing worthwhile low budget films some public attention . In this case it is the basic plot idea that recommends this film . Unfortunately , the script and its execution -LRB- especially the dialogue -RRB- leaves too much to be desired . Having the germ of a good idea is n't enough , unfortunately . And to give you an idea of where this director is coming from
 Kill Theory -LRB- Chris Moore , 2007 -RRB- To call this movie `` derivative '' is almost redundant , and that will be brutally obvious within ten minutes of you starting to watch it . But , that said , this type of thing has been done , and done far better , quite recently despite being derivative -LRB- the 2009 British film Exam is one obvious example -RRB- , so what is it about Kill Theory that makes it barely watchable at best ? -LRB- Though I grant you , you knew `` barely watchable at best '' was coming the minute you saw `` After Dark Horrorfest '' on the box , did n't you ? -RRB- Plot
 Part of After Dark Horrorfest 4 , Kill Theory -LRB- 2009 -RRB- directed by Chris Moore , features a twisted variation of the kill or die scenario , when a group of friends is forced to turn on each other . Once set in motion , events play out dramatically and violently , though not very credibly , as the characters demonstrate few critical thinking skills , and a fair amount of treachery.The instigator of the mayhem is a fellow named Walter -LRB- Kevin Gage -RRB- who to save his own life while mountain climbing , cut a rope that sent three of his friends to their deaths . Tried and convicted of manslaughter , Walter spends several years in a mental institution , before being conditionally released . Unfortunately Walter still has issues , and seeking closure , he sets in motion a deadly scheme.Seven friends gather at a home in the country , to celebrate their upcoming graduation from college . Shortly after the group settles in for the night , Nicole -LRB- Steffi Wickens -RRB- is abducted while grabbing a snack . Soon after , Nicole 's dead body is hurled through a window , awakening everyone in the house . Cut into the dead girl 's belly , are the letters `` TV '' . The group , switches on the television , and view a video narrated by the killer . It shows Nicole being urged to shoot her sleeping boyfriend , and then later having refused , they witness the killer slitting her throat . Walter says that if more than one person is alive in the house at 6am , they will be killed . If only one person is alive , then no harm will come to them . For those in the house , the options are either all will die , or only one will survive the night.There is some panicking and a lot of loud discussion , however not a lot of rational behavior comes from it . Cell phones do n't work , and there is apparently no internet , so the group is on their own . Anyone who leaves the house is apparently fair game , as the killer has traps planted at various locations , and also has a rifle . The group attempts to escape in the only available vehicle , but the Killer disables it using another trap . Paranoia grows stronger , as people start to die , and the Killer steps in to provide some additional motivation . The survivors start to crack under pressure , and turn on each other in an overdramatic last act , that is terribly written and acted . In the end , Walter does gain some closure , and the reason why the group was chosen for his experiment , is revealed.The film creates a situation , cranks up the pressure , tosses in a few weapons , and then some selfish unlikeable characters , destroy each other . It does n't plays out in a very credible way . The Killer ca n't be everywhere , so if they had just split up and gone in different directions , the situation would have fallen apart , or at least more would probably have survived . For whatever reason , the victims apparently believe that the Killer will actually keep his word , and spare the sole survivor . Through this turns out to be the case , there is really no reason for that trust.The cast do a decent job with what they are given , but the screenplay does n't do them any favors , having them behave like morons , who stab each other in the back for silly reasons . Almost everything feels fake and stilted towards achieving the desired goal . Starring Agnes Bruckner , Patrick Flueger , Ryanne Duzich , Teddy Dunn , Steffi Wickens , Daniel Franzese , and Theo Rossi , the film is worth a watch for the very curious , or those that prefer a slasher type flick with a downbeat ending .
 I did n't like it . Only watched it for film studies class . Wish I could un-do it . Waste of money ! Ugh
 20 years from now IRMA VEP 's sole raison d'etre will be that it showcased the charm and beauty of Maggie Cheung to the max , which it does admirably well . I can only assume that Cheung was not subject to the kind of befuddling , unprofessional and inefficient conditions of the sets for the movie-within-the-movie , while she was making IRMA VEP . So there is some hope for the French cinema , no ? I suppose many American critics would want to watch French filmmakers obtusely navel-gazing on why they can not make great films any more . -LRB- Assuming that they used to make great films , even during the nouvelle vague -RRB- Me , I 'll take the 12th run of HEROIC TRIO anytime . A work of art ? A charming comedy ? Mon derriere!Ah and yes , Fox Lorber did the usual slum job with DVD transfer , mucho compression noise , especially in close-ups .
 Unbearably pretentious rot . * Irma Vep * has nothing going for it , unless you consider the admittedly enjoyable spectacle of Maggie Cheung tromping around in skin-tight black latex . It 's shot in the form of a `` documentary '' about a French re-do of the silent-era film serial * Les Vampires * . First of all , why would anyone want to remake * Les Vampires * ? -- second of all , why would anyone want to watch a documentary about the making of it ? It 's unpalatable any way you look at it . Further , director Olivier Assayas embarrasses us by having Jean-Pierre Leaud -LRB- `` Antoine Doinel '' from Truffaut 's * The 400 Blows * -RRB- attempt to speak English
 This has to be one of the most disappointing movies of the 90 's . Sounds like a great concept , the fabulous Maggie Cheung in a French art movie , but no , this is just -LSB- wrong -RSB- . In general , I enjoy art movies and I do like Maggie Cheung . She is an excellent actress and this movie 's saving grace but unfortunately she 's not enough to make it worthwhile viewing . The plot drags on to no convincing purpose , with weak and unconvincing characters save for Cheung herself . The final result is totally uninvolving and just tedious . There seems to be an attempt to make some kind of deconstructivist , self-referential movie here , but intellectual goals seem to have overridden any intention to make an enjoyable movie . It certainly does n't even stand up to comparison with the movies of someone like Wong Kar Wai which are both innovative and poetic .
 It seems that director Assayas 's lack of skills for storytelling made him try to disguise Irma Vep with some elements of interest -LRB- the remake of `` Les Vampires '' ; casting Maggie Cheung playing herself ; trying to show the making of a movie , etc. . -RRB- just to hide he had nothing to say with this film . There is no progression or development of characters or ideas on this screenplay , contributing only to increase the lose of interest as the film goes by . Everything that is said by different characters criticizing American film industry and French intelectual movies just sounds superficial when the movie you are watching can not stand on itself because of its own technical and artistical mediocrity .
 I do n't understand all the reviews praising this film . It has nothing to recommend it - lousy script especially . A blah film > BLAH !
 Mediocre entertainment , major navel-gazing , poor DVD package . The only part of this movie that grabbed my attention is when a Gen X French movie critic , hip and au courant , interviews Maggie Cheug in-situ and tells her all about the `` revolting '' habit of the French government to allow and promote financially the productions of boring intellectual movies nobody is interested in paying to see , Arnold Schwartznegger flicks being the favorite diet of this hip pseudo-critic ... Forgive me
 There is no mention of the region coding in the product description for this particular version of the DVD . I didn not think about it being shipped from the UK that it would not be compatible with my US DVD player . Most other product descriptions specify the region coding and this description needs to be updated .
 There was no data on the disk ... FAIL ! I bought this as a gift for my mother , so she could watch it in the nursing home . I 'll have to buy another one from somewhere else .
 It wo n't play its from a different region . Its junk no good ca n't use it . It wo n't play I ca n't play it I 'm not going to buy from you again .
 This movie hit the theaters on Christmas Day in 1957 starring Dorothy McGuire as Katie Coates , Fess Parker as Jim Coates and Jeff York as Bud Searcy . Based on the novel by Fred Gipson , Old Yeller is set in Texas in 1869 . While his father is away on a cattle drive , 15-year-old Travis Coates takes over management of the family farm . Adopting a strictly business policy , Travis is irritated when younger brother , Arliss , adopts a frisky stray dog . Soon Travis is as fond of the dog as everyone else in the family is ; moreover , `` Old Yeller '' is an excellent watchdog . However , while fighting off a mad wolf , Yeller is infected with rabies . Though Yeller seems unaffected at first , he eventually behaves so viciously that the disheartened Travis has no choice but to **** *** *** . A heart-to-heart talk between Travis and his returning father coupled with the adoption of a new pup , paves the way to an emotional but reasonably happy ending . Earning eight million dollars domestically on its first release , Old Yeller convinced Walt Disney to devote more and more time to live-action films and less time to animation , which at the time was a great business move . In 1963 , Disney released a lesser sequel to Old Yeller titled Savage Sam . I was was n't that crazy about this picture either . To me once the dog got in the fight the movie was over . I give this movie Two-weasel stars because there was not much drama or action in this movie other then the fight with the wolf .
 It 's almost hard to fathom a studio having so little respect for its classic movies . This `` Vault Disney '' release of `` Old Yeller '' is a perfect example.The `` Vault Disney '' releases are promoted as `` high end '' , supposedly better than the cheapy `` movie-only '' releases of many of Disney 's live action movies.From the initial opening credits , with the worst example I have seen of `` grain '' in a picture outside of a non-major-studio release , I knew this was going to be another Disney disaster . Though the grain subsided SOMEWHAT , the softness of the picture throughout was not even close to what I would expect of a classic movie release . While my widescreen television is relatively small , I 'd hate to see how bad this picture would look on a large widescreen display.In addition , the chintzy packaging for these movies is hardly up to `` special edition '' quality either , and the majority of the extras are nothing more than more `` Disney '' horn-blowing . I will commend them for the inclusion of one of Pluto 's best cartoons -LCB- `` Bone Trouble '' -RCB- , and for the current-day interview with Tommy Kirk -LCB- whom I would have NEVER recognized -RCB- . However , all in all , Disney should be ashamed at the quality on such a classic film release .
 I was only 6 or 7 when I saw this movie . I absolutely hated it & I cried in the theater & all the way home & for days afterwards . I 've never had the same feeling for Walt Disney since then . When I was really , really little , when my mom could n't find me right away , she 'd first look for our dog , & then find me , either sleeping next to or on my dog , Ladddie 's , stomach . I 'm a `` senior cititzen '' now and still I find the safest place to be is with my dogs . After all these years I 've never forgiven Walt Disney for this film . I 've only seen it once - in 1957 & I do n't ever , ever want to see it again . Out of all the Disney films I eventually took my son to see , or recommend he see when he got older , this was the only one I suggested he avoid - at all costs - because he 's as sensitive as I am with our dogs . I 'm surprised that after 5 decades I still hold a grudge against Disney for making this film . It was hard enough when Stephen King 's `` Cujo '' was made into a film ... I suppose my point is , if you have any kids who love their dog and are sensitive there is no sense exposing them to this -LRB- let alone `` Marley & Me '' , which , my students - yes , I 'm a dog training instructor now , stated grown men cried at -RRB- ... what 's the point ????!!!!! -RRB- If you have a good relationship with your dog , why not accentuate that part of it ? When the end comes it is so heart wrenching I do n't see the need to pay to watch it in a movie theater or at home ... And for those of us that our dogs are our `` family '' - why show this inevitable part of losing them ? It can take years to finally start to manage grief ... why not have more films that show the positive aspects of choosing to live together , what we learn about each other , and in spite of all our faults , we can learn to live & love one another ? Just my 2 cents worth ... I just lost my 2 youngest & smallest dogs within 3 months of each other earlier this year , very unexpectedly , and hope better days are in store for the rest of y' all with your pups ... Look for all the good stuff your own pups offer & please , take the time to find a trainer you enjoy working with that uses positive reinforcement-based training ! Lyne C , CPDT-KA , Tail Wagging Fun Dog Training , Inc. .
 movie came in on time . however , it did not have a case with it . it was just the tape and that is it .
 I was sorely disappointed that the director killed the dog . I mean how many dogs back then contracted rabies from their owners ?
 Yes , most of the reason this movie is popular is because of the overrated dramatic death scene at the end , when I first saw it , it was n't sad at all to me , so buy the DVD or VHS because it 's a good movie not because of Old Yeller 's demise !
 First , you must know I love animals , I love movies and I love movies in which I can cry my heart out . I have cried on almost every movie I have ever saw , but somehow this movie did n't make me cry.I guess that is n't a real bond for having a dog for such a small period of time ... It 's a nice movie , not big deal
 I watched this film because everyone said it is a classic . Like many classics it is anything but . Why does everyone cry at this movie ? I did n't cry at this movie ; I did n't anything close to tears . This is not because I hate dogs , I think that dogs are not people and that the dog was better off after he was shot . Also this movie may have been much better if the acting had be decent . The acting of the boy made me laugh instead of cry when the dog died . And if his little brother had spoken one more time I would have screamed . This same little boy is in many Disney films and every time he is unbarable . So unless you have a love for punnishment do n't watch this movie .
 I was never keen to watch Old Yeller . My ex-friend told me to watch it 's really good . So , I went to the library and brrowed it on VHS . When I was watching the movie it was kind of c.o.r.n.yI think the way the one kid hides things in his pocket was really dumb to put in . BUT the one part in the movie that got me going was when Old Yeller died . I HATE this movie !!!!!! It had such a sad ending ! Why was the book made for movie ?????? I CA N'T BELIEVE it was !!!!! Who ever wrote the book ca n't be a big animal lover ! Because I am . And I will NOT watch a animal movie if the animal gets killed in it ! I 'm NEVER watching this trash AGAIN!Don ' t buy this!Save your money !
 I ca n't stand it when dogs die in the movies.I 'd much rather watch people die before dogs.I could laugh my butt off watching Meryl Streep in pain from cancer in that dumb movie with Renee Zellweger before I can stand to see a dog suffer.Just tears your heart out .
 The DVD arrived within specified time , with no delays . HOWEVER , since it came from Great Britian , it can not be played on my DVD player . It was not expensive , therefore , am not returning as it would be too much trouble and costly to return . I still want a Disney Old Yeller DVD , but obviously one that can be played . The message on the screen said CAN NOT BE VIEWED IN THIS REGION . I sent the seller an e-mail , he responded with various things that could be tried , but do n't understand .
 Sent this movie as a gift to 86-year old mother-in-law . Did not realize it was coming from Great Britain . Will not play in her DVD player . Different formatting ?
 I was so excited to get this movie ! I waited over month and half for it to show up . When it finally did and I put it in the DVD player it said could read the region . I looked up online what that meant and it said from another . Country . . So i bascially Paid for a movie I will never be able to watch . I am Very Very unhappy about this !!!!!
 Old Yeller '' is the heart-wrenching family drama about two brothers , Travis -LRB- Tommy Kirk -RRB- and Arliss Coates -LRB- Kevin Corcoran -RRB- and their faithful golden retriever - Yeller . When the boys ' father , Jim -LRB- Fess Parker -RRB- leaves on an expedition , mother Katie -LRB- Dorothy McGuire -RRB- becomes the head of the household . This is one of Disney 's first attempts at capturing the great outdoors and vitality of the old frontier plains and it is one of their enduring live action masterpieces . Arliss is always getting into trouble - engaging wild bears and skunks and other critter in the brush , only to be saved in the nick of time by Yeller . However , when Yeller contracts rabies it is left up to Travis to do the humane thing and put his best friend out of misery . Upon its initial release the film did phenomenal box office . And there are still those who get a lump in their throats and a tear in their eye when this heartbreaking family drama and coming of age flick is mentioned in mixed company.Unfortunately for DVD-philes , this is n't Disney 's best despite being advertised as part of their new 2-disc `` Vault Disney '' series . In fact , visually it 's not even close to what a film like `` Old Yeller '' truly deserves . For starters , the print used to master this DVD is very softly focused while still managing to be riddled with edge enhancement , aliasing and shimmering of fine details . There 's a lot of pixelization throughout that really breaks up fine detail . Color is poorly balanced , betraying the lushness of many of the outdoor scenes , with greens , in grass and trees shifting color from brownish beige to muddy beige and then back again . Flesh tones are never natural but appear too , too orange . Fine detail is generally lost in the darker scenes . The audio has been remixed to stereo but is very , very strident and forward sounding . At times it 's painful on the ears and really does n't hold in comparison to the fidelity of the period.Disney does gets top marks for their supplemental materials . We get documentaries , isolated scores , vintage advertising and short subjects , a gallery of stills , trailers and television spots and interviews with the surviving cast members . What more could anybody ask for ? A better print of the film , sadly !
 This documentary had the ability to be up there with popcorn suttons , `` the last one '' . Except the producers totally bombed it . Some good stories , but I thought this was supposed to be about moonshine . ? . ? do n't waste your time , right when you sit down you 're getting back up to cut the tv off , 22 minutes , are u fin kidding me . That 's like a dollar a minute .
 if i wanted to see a drunk bum i would go behind the abc . no i wanted to learn a little more on the process of makeing it and about its roots . keep this in mind if you dont wan na feel cheated to
 The Man From Laramie is a 1955 Technicolor western shot in Cinemascope . This was Jimmy Stewart 's -LRB- 1908-97 -RRB- fifth and final western with Anthony Mann . Stewart needs little introduction . He ranks # 3 on the AFI list of greatest male stars . He was nominated for an Oscar 5 times , winning for `` The Philadelphia Story '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , although he 's probably better known for `` It 's a Wonderful Life '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- . He made nearly 100 films between 1934 and 1991 , and was equally at home in westerns -LRB- `` The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance '' -RRB- , comedies -LRB- `` You Ca n't Take it With You '' -RRB- , and drama -LRB- `` Rear Window '' -RRB- . Most people think of John Wayne as the quintescent western star , which he was , but Jimmy Stewart had an impressive number of western films in his belt , beginning in 1939 with `` Destry Rides Again '' . Stewart 's westerns include his work with Anthony Mann on `` Winchester 73 '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- , `` Bend of the River '' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- , `` The Naked Spur '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , and `` The Far Country '' -LRB- 1954 -RRB- . With John Ford he made `` Two Rode Together '' -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , `` The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , `` How the West Was Won '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- and `` Cheyenne Autumn '' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- . With Andrew McLaglen -LRB- the son of the great actor Victor McLaglen -RRB- he made `` Shenandoah '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , `` The Rare Breed '' -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , and Bandolero -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , With other directors he made `` Broken Arrow '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- , `` Firecreek '' -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , `` The Cheyenne Social Club '' -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , and his last western `` The Shootist '' -LRB- 1976 -RRB- . The film co-stars Arthur Kennedy and Donald Crisp with a supporting cast that includes Alex Nicol , Wallace Ford and Jack ElamDonald Crisp -LRB- 1882-1974 -RRB- plays a cattle baron . Crisp appeared in more than 150 films from 1908 through 1963 . He won Best Supporting Actor for `` How Green was My Valley '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- and gave memorable performances in films such as `` Mutiny on the Bounty '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , `` The Charge of the Light Brigade '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , `` Jezebel '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , `` National Velvet '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , and `` The Long Gray Line '' -LRB- 1955 -RRB- . Alex Nicol -LRB- 1916-2001 -RRB- plays Crisp 's ne'er do well son , a fitting role for the son of a prison warden . Nicol appeared in 60 + films between 1950 and 1976 , often playing the villain . Unfortunately he plays a relatively weak villain in this film.Arthur Kennedy -LRB- 1914-90 -RRB- plays Crisp 's foreman with his usual intensity . Kennedy received 5 Oscar nominations -LRB- `` Champion '' , `` Bright Victory '' , `` Trial '' , `` Peyton Place '' , `` Some Came Running '' -RRB- although he never won -LRB- tying Claude Reins ' record -RRB- . He won a Golden Globe in 1955 for `` The Trial '' and the NY Film Critics Award in 1951 for `` Bright Victory '' . He was one of the finest supporting actors in film history , appearing opposite Bogart in `` High Sierra '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , Errol Flynn in `` They Died with Their Boots On '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , Kirk Douglas in `` Champion '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , and his good friend Anthony Quinn in `` Lawrence of Arabia '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- . Wallace Ford -LRB- 1898-1966 -RRB- appeared in more than a dozen John Ford films among the 200 + films he made . He 's best known from his co-starring role in the Henry Fonda TV series `` The Deputy '' -LRB- 1959-60 -RRB- . He plays Stewart 's sidekick.Crazy eyed Jack Elam -LRB- 1918-2003 -RRB- is best known for his villainous roles in westerns like `` Vera Cruz '' -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , `` Wichita '' -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , and `` Gunfight at OK Corral '' -LRB- 1957 -RRB- . I enjoyed him best as Alamosa Bill in `` Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- . Later in life he turned to comedy and gave many memorable performances in films like `` The Apple Dumpling Gang '' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- and `` Cannonball Run '' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- . He described his career this way - `` Who 's Jack Elam ? Get me Jack Elam ! Get me a Jack Elam type . Get me a young Jack Elam . Who 's Jack Elam ? '' Elam has a small part as the town drunk.Anthony Mann -LRB- 1906-67 -RRB- was nominated 3 times by the DGA -LRB- `` El Cid '' , `` Men in War '' , `` The Glenn Miller Story '' -RRB- . He directed 44 films between 1939 and 1968 and is best remembered for his work in film noir and in westerns . In addition to the 5 he did with Jimmy Stewart , Mann directed `` Cimarron '' -LRB- 1960 -RRB- with Glenn Ford , `` Man of the West '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- with Gary Cooper , `` The Tin Star '' with Henry Fonda , and `` The Last Frontier '' -LRB- 1955 -RRB- with Victor Mature . Many of Mann 's film have a strong tendency toward sadism , and his westerns often show a blend of film noir . Some argue that Mann 's influence on John Ford resulted in the dark tone to `` The Searchers '' , an unusual quality for a John Ford film.Charles Lang -LRB- 1901-98 -RRB- was the cinematographer . Lang was nominated more times for an Oscar than any other Director of Photography -LRB- 18 times -RRB- , but won only once - `` A Farewell to Arms '' -LRB- 1934 -RRB- . The nearly 150 films he photographed differed in content and style , as Lang was an eclectic . He lensed such diverse films as `` Wait Until Dark '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , `` How the West was Won '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , `` Some Like it Hot '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , `` The Big Heat '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , `` A Foreign Affair '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` The Ghost and Mrs. Muir '' -LRB- 1947 -RRB- , and `` The Lives of a Bengal Lancer '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- . He was at his best filming outdoor action scenes.Although the 50s were a good time for westerns , none of the top 10 films for 1955 were westerns . `` Lady and the Tramp '' , `` Mister Roberts '' , Guys and Dolls '' , `` Rebel Without a Cause '' and `` Picnic '' were the top 5 . The Oscars went to `` Marty '' -LRB- Picture , Director , Actor -RRB- , `` Mister Roberts '' -LRB- Supporting Actor -RRB- , `` East of Eden '' -LRB- Supporting Actress -RRB- , and `` The Rose Tatoo '' -LRB- Actress -RRB- . Westerns released that year included `` Chief Crazy Horse '' , `` Davy Crockett '' , `` The Treasure of Pancho Villa '' `` White Feather '' and `` Wichita '' . The photography in this film is up to Lang 's usual high standard.The NY Times called Mann 's direction `` fierce and steady '' and said the actors `` played with authority and vividness '' , but noted `` things that are obvious and banal , of which there are a number in this stoical Western film . '' Time magazine called it `` a magnificent , if slightly over-ambitious Western '' and said it was `` visually impressive , psychologically complex , and sometime brutally violent . `` The plot for this film is pretty much a rehash of the original Mann/Stewart collaboration . A stranger , accompanied by a sidekick , is looking to revenge the death of a relative . He gets involved in brawls , and bad men get the better of him . Indians and `` repeating rifles '' are major plot points in both films . In both films there are lots of side stories that occasionally overwhelm what appears to be the central theme -LRB- revenge -RRB- . There is a minor romantic interest , but she is involved with someone else , who conveniently gets killed by someone other than the hero . This fianc&eacute; turns out not to be the good guy we think he is . At the end , his need for revenge satisfied , the stranger moves on , leaving the woman behind.This is pretty much a B western . It has been compared to King Lear , which is a questionable comparison at best . Lear concerns 3 daughters , Laramie 1 son . In Lear the King is planning to retire while in Laramie Crisp seems to be completely in charge even if his eyesight is failing . Lear dies , Crisp lives . Etc.It 's hard to recommend this film unless you really enjoy westerns and Jimmy Stewart .
 Contained in this very short documentary is an abundance of beautiful images of European monasteries and flowers and countryside . The actual details of monastic life are glossed over . However , the author of this video from the 1970s spends a considerable amount of time philosophising and attempting to basically summarize and lump together a central truth in all of `` Christian '' monastic thought . The author fails miserably . What is espoused is essentially New Age/Gnostic dogma suggesting that as long as love reigns it does n't matter what you actually believe about God . The Bible is shockingly misinterpreted in this video , where they quote I John 4:7 -8 and conveniently leave out verses which immediately follow , where the BASIS for the `` love '' mentioned in verses 7 and 8 is explained to be FAITH in Christ 's `` propitiation for our sins '' on the cross . In ignoring what the text is actually saying , the author of this video attempts to convince the viewer that the Bible promotes the idea that doctrine is irrelevant as long you are good to each other . Such teaching subtley negate the need for Christ 's atonement.If you want to look at beautiful images shot on an old 1970s camera , and do n't mind Luciferan mishandlings of Holy Scripture , this video is for you .
 I 've seen many 70s dramas , but the writing in this one was terrible and almost at the level of a B-movie .
 This romantic comedy was charming , funny , and clever . I recommend it to anyone who does n't have a problem with heavy British accents . -LRB- If you do , try it with captions -RRB- . It was fun , funny , and a nice pick-me-up when one needs a lift .
 I purchased this movie based on other reviews and was sorely disappointed . It was a waste of time and money .
 Lacks modern sophisticated technology ; poor acting and poor quality film production . Not recommended for Biblical education or teaching of scripture .
 after watching this dvd i understood how people changed the words of god . i am a person who beleives that there should be only one religion and that is why i love prophet abraham so much.unfortunately people always change something according to themselves just like this movie 's subtitle.they changed original movie they cut of some scenes and they changed subtitles.long time ago some people did the same thing and they changed all religions.i am so disappointed after watching this dvd -LRB- not movie -RRB- and i will try to get my money back because this dvd is copy not original .
 This movie should be according islamic belief but it is not . I bought it and when I watched it , I found the subtitles is wrong not really translation and the ends of movie what is about Jesus -LRB- peace be upon him -RRB- Abraham
 Two unlikable characters plot a robbery of sorts -LRB- it 's never seen but 10.6 million dollars is mentioned in passing -RRB- . We have to take their word that they were successful . The movie , but for too many flashbacks , takes place in a parking garage of undetermined levels . People are few and far between and only provide fodder for the killer -LRB- an obvious choice among a limited cast -RRB- . There 's a lot of running , a lot of squealing tires , crashes galore , impossible stunts -LRB- I do n't know of any person who could outrun a vehicle -RRB- . Preposterous to the nth degree , very little makes sense . The main character/crook -LRB- Grayson McCouch -RRB- has several opportunities to kill the driver of the truck who 's after him , but does n't seize on any of these few chances . It 's a slim plot stretched beyond its capacity to entertain .
 Why did n't he just wait by the doors for other cars to exit and then walk out ?
 ` Throttle ' -LRB- aka ` No Way Up ' begins effectively . It builds up the tension considerably in the opening 20 minutes , and then suddenly stops moving . It is a great pity that the film , of which actions are competently done , just could n't keep the initial pace through its 90 minutes.It is one of the numerous clones of Spielberg 's ` The Duel , ' but the film sets its location in underground car park , which is a very clever choice . One businessman Tom Weaver -LRB- reminding us of the name of leading actor in ` The Duel ' -RRB- enters the underground parking lot around 12:00 pm , but he soon realizes that someone has designs against him . And in his case a truck -LRB- not monstrous , but still huge -RRB- chases him around the parking lot.There are several characters who might be seeking for the life of Tom . But the mystery part of the film , some of which are seen in the several flashbacks , is perfunctory -LRB- and probably unnecessary -RRB- . The main attraction of the film is its stunts , and they are very good . The actors - Grayson McCouch as Tom , Adrian Paul as his business partner , and Amy Locane as Tom 's wife - are all good , especially McCouch , who appears as slightly arrogant guy whose ego must be humiliated by the cat-and-mouse chase.But for all its great set-up , ` Throttle ' runs out of ideas pretty earlier than it should . You see , Tom is trapped in the underground space , and a truck chases him around . The cell phone is dead . The exits are all locked . Now , before you watch the film , you know there is little else for the film to do , and actually it has few options to choose . It tries to stretch the story by including several episodes , but none of them works . Flashbacks are boring , and the characters often act in the most unbelievable way , which only makes the running time unnecessarily longer . Why can not Tom escape from the place when he encounters not less than three people after being attacked by the truck ? Why does n't he think of using a gun ? I love watching action films , and I can stop disbelieving while enjoying them , but so many plot holes -LRB- and the black-outs which suggest we have to wait for the next action to begin for a while -RRB- are too much for me . ` Throttle ' starts very well , but soon runs out of gas . It is an enjoyable B-action , has thrilling action sequences , and the acting of Grayson McCouch is impressive , but it still needs more tricks to keep us interested in the story .
 Need I say more ? This is a c-grade garbage . Probably the whole movie costs under $ 10k to make in some underground garage . How can people give it anything above 1 star is beyond my imagination . Avoid it !
 This is n't inventive or creative filmaking . It 's just the ramblings of someone who thinks he 's exposing `` the truth '' . His truth happens to be the demented product of his own delusional mind . If you enjoy this , you probably believe in every conspiracy theory that shows up on the internet . How about living in the real world for a change ? Beyond that ... it 's just a bore .
 The blurb and preview captured my attention but the movie was plain boring . There was some good acting here and there but the story is flawed and jumbled and the movie runs out of steam pretty quickly .
 Thank goodness Dick Van Dyke 's brilliant Never A Dull Moment recently got the classy widescreen treatment it so richly deserved , but Divorce American Style ? Nope ! They threw it into the crummy standard screen bin , like it was a piece of trash!I mean it only starred Van Dyke and Debbie Reynolds , was directed by Bud Yorkin , with Conrad Hall as the Director of Photography . So I guess the studio -LRB- Columbia/Tristar -RRB- just did n't think these people were GOOD enough to deserve a widescreen release!I will gladly buy this DVD , because the theatrical version was GREAT , but only IF it ever comes out in its original widescreen aspect ratio . Continue to boycott all standard screen butcher jobs , everyone !
 yet again ... a studio `` dumbs down '' a release by not giving us the full image . Teach them a lesson by boycotting these `` butchered '' releases ... Conrad Hall -LRB- the cinematographer -RRB- deserves better .
 If you are a raving fan of anything vintage , you may enjoy this oldie . I like TCM , and this sleeper would have inspired me to watch the QVC channel . No story here .
 Unless you are interested in the challenges posed by introducing a number of displaced youth who have grown up in an extremely deprived and disjointed society to the United States , this movie will not `` do it '' for you.If you take any child -LRB- or adult for that matter -RRB- out of ANY of the most deprived regions of this world -LRB- including some parts of the USA -RRB- & transplant them to an environment with modern conveniences and societal norms , they would have the same challenges faced by the Sudanese kids . They do n't need to be refugees first.The most intriguing phenomenon in the entire film is the obvious mistrust and lack of connection between poor African-Americans and poor Africans , beyond the color of their skin.For the most part , the situation exists between most working-class Africans and the African-Americans with whom they are lumped up with and have to coexist with at work and home -LRB- if they live in predominantly black neighborhoods -RRB- and is therefore nothing new , unless you are of a different race .
 One of the most poorly made movies I 've ever seen . Including student films . The director seems like he 's trying to be a Michael Moore/Morgan Spurlock knock-off , putting himself at the center of many scenes , and stumbling through a terrible voice-over performance . But he fails to create a coherent narrative in this film , even using his own story as a crutch device . His choice of `` experts '' is all over the map , and his interviews with them are almost embarrassing . For example , he somehow scores an interview with Kathleen Sebelius , head of the Department of Health and Human Services , but then asks her a completely incoherent question about government subsidies of corn syrup -LRB- a serious issue , but one he clearly has n't done his homework on -RRB- . He did n't even bother to get a decent microphone for half the sound in the movie . The mix is terrible , and the home footage looks like it was shot on a cell phone in 1997 . Even the credits are done wrong . Total amateur hour!As to the content of the documentary , it 's equally 1 star material . His own dieting attempts are truly pathetic - he stays off of KFC for all of 3 days ? He vilifies exercise as a weight loss tool for almost the entire movie -LRB- the only person in the movie who exercises is portrayed as an anorexic -RRB- . In the last five minutes of the movie there 's one shot of him on an elliptical machine . He then reveals he lost 10 pounds and improved his blood pressure by exercising , while still eating KFC and McDonalds , and this is presented as a success story . He uses some truly worn-out cliches - Yoga is SOOO weird ! Raw food is SOOO gross !! He gives almost no history of the dieting industry , very little exploration of why diets fail , whether some are more effective than others , or whether the proponents of diets and diet products know they do n't work . The world could use a well-made documentary about the world of dieting , but this is not it.He also furthers the idea of not taking your medication if a doctor prescribes it - which is a public health nightmare almost on the scale of obesity . The rate of noncompliance among patients with chronic diseases -LRB- diabetes , hypertension , asthma , etc -RRB- is somewhere between 50-75 % , leading to a very large number of totally preventable deaths . The fact that this filmmaker is prescribed medication for hypertension , refuses to take it , and presents that as a good thing is grossly irresponsible.And the jokes are n't even funny ! Do n't waste your time with this one .
 Having really enjoyed America The Beautiful , I purchased this movie without even finishing the trailer.Darryl Roberts seems like a very easy going and genuine guy and I have a lot of respect for his topics and dedication to them . I think what he shows in his documentaries are incredibly timely and incredibly important - I just think he got his message across more professionally and more successfully in the original America The Beautiful . America The Beautiful 2 seemed like a valiant effort , but just did n't appear to be put together well to the point where I think it detracted from the overall message trying to be told . Additionally , while there were an impressive amount of sources , few of the interviews seemed particularly deep and there were a couple of really big lost opportunities - such as to push the Secretary of Health for a straight answer to his important questions when she responded to him with canned P.R. fluff . It felt like a let down and sort of eroded the power of the potential message of the film.I can only imagine that the process and work involved in producing a documentary is huge and I wholly congratulate them and appreciate the effort . So I suppose I do n't necessarily regret having watched , it 's just that at 10 $ , I have a little buyer 's remorse considering how unmoved I was . Wanting to support Darryl Roberts ' good intentions however , I 'll gladly buy America The Beautiful and would encourage others to do so . I personally believe it 's not only the better of the two , but is simply a great documentary in its own right !
 Put two completely unlikable characters together and have then talk for a little over an hour , probing to get each ohers secrets that neither one of them -LRB- and you -RRB- care nothing about and you have a slow moving , hard to watch film . This may have been designed to be an acting tour de force by a couple actors , but it was not . This gave me the impression that it was made as a project for a college acting class . The twist at the end was sooooo lame that I called it as soon as the journalist peeked onto the starlet 's computer . This was a twist I saw coming and kept saying to myself
 While I admire Buscemi for attempting what can be one of the harder things to do on film - basically a two-actor script - I hated this . Yes , it 's riveting - perhaps the film 's deftist feat is its way of hooking the viewer back in every time the two characters threaten to part ways . But by the end I hated the actress and was n't terribly fond of the journalist . I felt like I 'd been enmeshed in the lives of two people unworthy of my time and attention . Also depressing was the ageist message/resolution . Made me nostalgic for films in which age and experience counts for something durable and respectable . Instead , this just drives home today 's youth-uber-alles viewpoint .
 The DVD jacket is totally misleading in its trying to sell the film as a comedy `` with a twist '' . In fact , the writing is pretty bad , the directing is worse , and acting is wooden and stereotypical . Sienna tries hard but has little to hold on to.There is very little of interest here to attract the casual film watcher . The personal dynamics does not work , in fact , Buscemi is awfully irritating in his quasi-journalist role and I kept asking what would the Miller character see in Buscemi 's ineptly played persona .84 wasted minutes . Caveat emptor is all I can say .
 When I watch a movie , I accept to get something out of it , but after watching interview I feel let down like I have wasted my time . I do n't mind wasting my time being a person who is perpetually lazy , I do , however , regret having watched this movie . I had compassion for the main two characters , a journalist and young female celebrity , for they seemed like real people despite their obvious self-destruction and lack of compassion . Nevertheless , by the end of the movie , I hated not only the two characters featured in this film , I found myself hating humanity a feeling I am not too costumed to because I have been a human for reasonable amount of time , and have found humans most if not almost all to have the capability to love , be emotionally intimate , and grow with interactions of one another . However , the young female celebrity , Katya , proves at the very last few moments in the film interview to not be able to love , be compassionate , or even be human at all . Not only is the character Katya unrealistic , but her final actions scared me to the core . I know that there are sociopaths in the world , but they are rare . I would even hazard a guess that very few of Hollywood 's celebrities are sociopaths . Therefore , this movie is an interesting view into those few humans that can lie without feeling remorse . Be that as it may , I would n't waste my time watching this movie .
 This film should be rented or watched on television before you decide whether to purchase a copy of it.Both Steve Buscemi and Sienna Miller -LRB- especially Miller -RRB- are among the finest contemporary actors - so it is almost always a pleasure to watch their work . However , this film consists primarily of over an hour of improbable and sophomoric dialogue between Pierre -LRB- Buscemi -RRB- , a failed , morally-flawed -LRB- yet self-righteous -RRB- journalist and Katya -LRB- Miller -RRB- , a self-absorbed , manipulative actress who , alternatively , pities and preys upon the unlucky Pierre . Through a series of interchanges between the characters , we learn -LRB- over and over -RRB- that they peddle fiction to their respective audiences and , at times , to themselves - but this is easy to pick up during the first ten minutes of the film . The rest of the film seems intent on exploring how many ways this basic message can be delivered and redelivered.The majority of the interchanges between Pierre and Katya take place in Katya 's bohemian apartment , so the film - especially with its minimalist camera work and limited space - often creates the feeling of an intimate stage play . This would be fine if the writing allowed the characters to expand beyond those limited confines and become interesting . However , both Miller and Buscemi -LRB- who also directed -RRB- are repeatedly forced to try to `` emotionally charge '' the alternatively petty and `` heavy '' dialogue that is aimed at showing , as Warhol would have put it , that each character is , in his or her own way , `` deeply superficial ''
 After watching it I found out it was a remake . I would have rather wasted my time on the original with subtitles than a revisit which was boring . Not that I think the original was any better , but at least it was a new idea .
 I know that this is only episode 1 but it 's boring beyond belief , I just saw it under product recommendations when I bought Devil May Cry and they recommended this crap . I did n't know until after the fact that there was another series that took place before this . Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if I saw the series before , but to be real , I deleted it the day I watched it .
 I got this tape in an attempt to find something worthwhile to show my Jazz History class . Sadly , there 's little here of factual `` history '' about Scott Joplin . The dialogue and direction were pretty poor , events jump from one to another with little explanation of what happens in between , and Billy Dee Williams ' acting is terrible . I grant that he 's pretty young here , but still ... I 'm going to chalk it up to a poor script , because I know he can do MUCH better than this stinker . Add to that the fact that he is awful at faking his piano playing , and there really is n't much that 's believable about this film . As a history it 's worthless , and as entertainment it 's stilted & dry . If you like Joplin 's music , buy a CD and a book biography , you 'll get much more out of them .
 How is this even remotely inspired by Heath Ledger ? I fail to see an obvious , realistic , parallel between the two -- Ledger was a reluctant star and there were n't wild reports of him being addicted to something . Something unfortunate happened , and it was something that could happen to anyone . It also happened at a time when there was just beginning to be light shed on the prescription drug epidemic . I ca n't believe his name is in your description .
 DID NOT like this movie at all . The entire thing was stupid ! I would not recommend wasting your time on it at all !
 What can I say - a documentary from an organization that has only compassion for Israel 's most radical enemies . Do n't watch unless you want PA propaganda reminiscent of `` Der Ewige Jude '' . Also does n't aknowledge the centrality of Hebron in the Jewish religion . Btselem -LRB- Amalek -RRB- should be ashamed !
 OK . I watched all 4 seasons that are available . This sums them all up for me.This show is about 3 LA women who find themselves in Cleveland , OH , and stay to start a new life . Well ... that is what we are led to believe . But as the Betty White character states in one of the later seasons the 3 LA women actually are in Cleveland to get `` laid '' because there is too much competition in LA. . The first season was fresh , original , and funny . There was the down to earth do gooder character . There were the supportive friend scenes as we learn of each characters ' past . There were the funny outrageous comments from the vain shallow character . And there were the laugh out loud tell em like it is comments from Betty White 's character . I mean she calls them out for dressing like `` prostitutes '' etc. . You see all the actress 's former co-workers from other sitcoms appear in each episode which is fun.Then you get to the second season and beyond . These seasons plowed up the foundation laid in the first season . I guess they ran out of steam . Or maybe they wanted to sell out and just stay on the air by appealing to the trashy audience that definitely exists and eats up the garbage this show became . The second , third an dfourth seasons were nothing but people jumping in and out of bed with each other , sexual innuendo about everything , people lying and cheating and stealing , and Betty White 's character transforming into some sick person 's sick joke of a vision of what an elderly funny character would be . The show could have been set in LA for anyone knew at this point as it was just trashy Californians behaving trashy . The weird thing was there was even an episode to mimic Sex in the City . It was definitely Sex In the City -- 3 women casually sleeping around and then in the end of the episode whining and commiserating about how they have no sanity tho their lives and wonder why . also the 3 main characters just looked old , fat , and tired in the later seasons . One 's hair got so light she was almost blond . The others got so dark that they did n't look like themselves . Valerie Bertinelli looks horrible in season 4 . She looks like she is having a really bad pregnancy . Even her hair looks bad ... . But we are supposed to think that all these young fit youngs want to bed her and stay by her side the next day . Not . They sit Betty Whit eon the sofa with her jacket or shirt riding up in the back like she has been propped up for the scene.The later seasons , to me , appeared to be gay centric in humor . Humor that I have heard from hardcore gays and you see in their tv shows and movies . And while watching the credits I saw who was actually directing it and knew immediately where this influence was coming from . I mean even 3 trashy straight women would n't go the direction this influence took them.There are these typical `` behind the scenes '' episodes that appear in each season . They are basically the same and make you think they just want to have a fun-day at work or something . But then again the people who are behind the scenes force their chance to appear in front of the camera . That is VERY obvious . And there are the sickening `` we love each other '' and `` we respect each other '' stock speeches . They are just goofy.Anyway the show is typical American garbage TV that can be skipped . Just a show about animalistic behavior created by trained monkeys .
 I like Betty White so I purchased this set . Of course that 's what the producers were counting on . This show is a big disappointment . The show is trying to emulate the Golden Girls but that is past history and a different era . The actors in that series suited their parts and it was well written . I just do n't find this funny just rude .
 I saw this set at my library and it looked interesting because I liked all the actresses in their previous shows . This particular show is awful . It has a ridiculous premise with unoriginal writing full of stale humor and stupid jokes . The problem is not with the actresses , but the writing is some of the worst ever on television . I 'm amazed it lasted a whole season . I could n't get past 4 episodes . I would have stopped at one , but I thought the actresses deserved a chance to see if it was going to get any better . It did n't . The only saving grace is that I did n't buy it .
 I love Betty White , but the show does n't interest me . We 've watched a few of them , and have since let it fall off the radar .
 Really wanted to like this show ; love the 4 gals they brought together ; Wendy Malik & Jeane Leves in particular from Frazier , and the amazing Betty White you figure it ca n't miss right ? Well , you can . Its the typical scenerio , bring comedy ` All Stars ' together and it SHOULD be awesome/hilarious , and it just is n't . Frazier , Just Shoot Me , and Wings were all 8 -- 10 comedy shows in my book , but this new show rated at best , a ' 2 ' for me . So bummed ! But just like when Kelsey Grammer went from Frazier to his next show `` Back to You '' -LRB- which I thought was hilarious but was a `` 1 and done '' season follow up -RRB- it takes more than ` Stars ' to make a great show . I bought this brand new and wish I had n't -- cause in a short time it will be for sale used on Amazon for less than half price cause its not very funny -- that 's my take .
 We seem to have mostly got past humor that belittles people of color , women , or gay people . But I guess it 's okay to make fun of older people , and to do so by belittling them . ` What 's your favorite medication ? ' says one older person to another . ` Better call him soon , since otherwise he 's likely to be dead . ' Etc.Ha ha . Not .
 I have to say I disagree with the people on here who think this is funny . When I first saw the advertisement for this I was so excited to see it . I loved all the actresses in their previous roles , and you ca n't go wrong with Betty White . What I got was a cliche of canned , boring jokes and predictable plots and lines . The actresses seem to be merely going through the motions . They never really develop any believable chemistry . And the plot itself forces one to suspend common sense in order to take it seriously . First they start out on a dream vacation of a lifetime and then some airline snafu winds them up in Cleveland . One has to wonder why they did not just catch the next flight out , and what was wrong with the plane anyway ? The plot leaves out so many important details . It just goes from a near miss plane crash to a new life in Cleveland . Poof , just like that.The stereotypes are just plain insulting . I 'm sure all the women in the Midwest sit around eating chili fries and cheeseburgers and all the men are so starved for beautiful women that they literally fall all over themselves trying to get the attention of three middle aged , average looking women . I can tell you from experience that the men in the midwest are just as vain and shallow as anywhere else , maybe more .
 Was very much looking forward to getting the show and the great extras -LRB- bloopers / Original Pilot / Vitoria 's Lady Pants commercial / etc. -RRB- that are listed . Unfortunately there is NOTHING in the set except the 10 shows . I almost forgot there are a few trailers for other movies / shows from the EONE distributor . This is a bare bones set , good thing the show itself is fantastic .
 Betty White is awesome - as usual ! She just gets better and better ! The other cast members leave MUCH to be desired . Sorry that I spent the money to purchase the entire first season .
 Purchased '' Hot In Cleveland '' DVD . Everything came quickly . However , the DVD would NOT play -- '' ERROR '' screen kept appearing . Apparently the DVD was not compatible with my LG DVD player . Tried viewing on an older DVD and 2 episodes played normally -- then the DVDs froze up and would not play any further . I then contacted Amazon to explain the problem . I recieved the exact same DVD again and had the exact same problems . Now I have 2 sets of Hot IN Cleveland and neither will play on either of my DVD players . I 've paid for these and now can not get a hold of anyone in person to explain the problem once again -- doing it with the computer did n't work . Not having personal contact with a human being has cost Amazon a future repeat customer . When all goes well with Amazon , I 've always been satisfied , but when you have a problem satisfaction was lacking .
 Ordered this in anticipation of playing it on my 1-year-old Blu-Ray player , and it would not play.Sent it back to Amazon , they sent me another one , same result.Decided to keep it so I could play it on my CPU , which I did , but overall very disappointed .
 The film is an affront to the topic of human trafficking ! The story line is poorly written with very cheesy dialog never really conveying the absolute terror trafficking victims experience . This is not an educational film about human trafficking so if that 's what you 're looking for do n't buy it . In fact , I do n't know the purpose of this film at all and would count it absolutely worthless !
 Vanity project about two hookers who survive a car accident , steal the boss ' diamonds , and make a break for freedom . Amateurish , lame and boring . Complete waste of time from start to finish .
 Beware they trick you into thinking this is a `` zombie '' surf flick.When actually its just a bunch of c - euro-trash surfing clips bunch together with terrible music and every now and then a zombie cutout pops up and makes a sound.I 'd have to say its the worst surf film I have ever seen . Do n't be fooled into thinking this movie may have a plot ! It does n't ! If you would like to see a awesome surf flick with a great plot watch - INVASION ! from planet c , Google it .
 We quit watching half way through the boxed set due to boredom , irritatingly inconsistent story lines , lame character interactions , and never-ending rabbits pulled out of hats . Big , big disappointment after the good potential of season 1 . The only high point , and it was a very high point , was the terrific Stephen Frye as Booth 's FBI psychiatrist .
 Emily Deschanel is good to look at . That 's about the only possitive thing I can say about this show .
 While I enjoy the show , it is not a complete season as it states on the cover . It only has 21 of the 22 episodes . While I understand why the episode was not shown on network TV , there was no reason what so ever to leave it out of a `` complete '' set . I have no doubt that Fox will some day release a new `` complete '' set with all 22 episodes simply to make more money . For now , I feel like Fox has ripped me off .
 While I absolutely LOVED Bones season 1 , which motivated purchasing season 2 , this season -LRB- 2 -RRB- was TRULY DISAPPOINTING ! Season 2 was so touchy feely , lovey dovey with Bones/Sully , Booth , Jack and Angela , that I thought series had developed into a `` chick '' series like sex in the city or friends . Everyone in series had a `` relationship '' except Zac , -LRB- who it appears may have other things developing for season 3 but not enough to keep you tuned in -RRB- . The interaction , humor , fun development of the various characters in season 1 became second seat to the `` relationships '' . Also the plots and `` villians '' became too transparent too soon in almost every episode.As a final note , I thought the foolishness of the last episode -LRB- Jack and Angela `` running '' off AND especially Angela 's Dad from ZZ Top , having to leave for a GIG was totally stupid-like what dad is going to walk his child down the isle and not stay another 30 minutes for the cerimony ? Its not like rock stars arent alway on time at concerts and frankly havent heard or seen ZZ Top listed in concert in years !!! they havent even become like a Foriegnor or Journey , ie , will play county fairs ! -RRB- Anyway , foolish , silly , and ridiculous season ender.A real disappointment for what was a GREAT series . Hope that they get rid of some of the touchy feelie female writers for next year .
 I ordered this item around the 1st of November and the money was taken out of my checking account . I have been waiting and waiting for it to arrive . On December 8th I got a notification from Amazon that they were crediting my account and this item was not coming . No explanation on why this seller held on to my money since the first of November or why this item was suddenly not coming . Had I known - I could have gotten it on the day after Thanksgiving at a lower price but since I had already ordered it I was just waiting for it to come.This was a bad experience . I had to give one star just to be able to write a review .
 I never received my order . I am in the process of trying to get a refund or , if at some point they would like to send my order , which was Bones , The second season , that would be great too . I emailed KIDSINAMERICA , the company my order is from , twice and they never responded . Thank you .
 I ordered Bones season two on 9/11 but have not received it yet . Today is 10/1 . Any answers would be appreciated .
 Nice box very Six feet under.What 's her name needs to stop playing a social idiot . It 's not becoming !
 the season 2 i got from you only had one of the six discs . its a six disc season so why wouldnt i get all six.i got riped off and am not very happy . ill think twice before ordering another season from you .
 If you can get past the irritaing dialogue and silly romance between two of the shows minor characters it 's ok ... thats hard to do because the writers seemed more drawn to the very irritating interpersonal relationships of the secondary characters during season two . I liked season one but was very disappointed in season 2 .
 Some of the disc in this package will not play at all . Others play but the picture is not clear . I tried cleaning the disc but this did not help . I also tried other disc in my player to assure that it was not my player and they played fine .
 This DVD set has a lot of problems . It wo n't work on one of my DVD players and works sparodically on the other . Constantly locks up and freezes and its unwatchable . Absolute garbage . I am goign to see about returning it .
 I am never happy when a purchase requires that you install the company 's software . The vid is encrypted so that you need Amazon 's player to view it . Blah . You 're better off buying the DVD for $ 20 with all the episodes so at least you can watch the DVD somewhere other than your own computer .
 Fans have been clamoring for Danny Phantom DVDs for ages , and while it 's very exciting to finally get some , this is more than a little disappointing . The back cover claims `` It 's a scary good time with the COMPLETE first season of Danny Phantom . '' -LRB- emphasis mine . -RRB- However , it only contains the first 13 episodes , while season one was twenty episodes long . Similarly , the `` Season Two '' set contains episodes 14-26 and does NOT include the fan favorite `` The Ultimate Enemy , '' which is probably why many fans wanted this one to begin with.Save your money for a REAL box set that has all twenty episodes , plus extras and everything a season box set should have . This , sadly , is n't it .
 As the title says , this set is a mixed review.The good , looks like they got the COMPLETE season out , not part like in the first release.The bad , the physical discs themselves are cheap DVD-Rs , not even real commercial quality DVDs . This means they are very delicate and most likely will degrade in a year or two as the purple dye fades . The authoring on them is slipshod , I could n't even play the first disc on an older DVD player without the disc skipping and the picture being pixilated beyond anything watchable . Ended up having to watch it on my PS3.I really , really wanted the series and when it 's finally released , it looks like a cheap pirate job . I am sorely disappointed in Nickelodeon , but unless its released on Blu-ray , I hate to say this is the only way to get the series .
 it was not italian - it was russian or something - I Did n't like it - not my type of movie - kind of boring - I do n't recommended it - fast forward helped .
 THE ONE IN THE PICTURE IS N0T THE ONE I RECIEVED . THE ONE IN THE PICTURE HAS WIDESCREEN AND FULL SCREEN , HAS 5.1 -LRB- DOLBY DIGIAL -RRB- 2 CHANNEL -LRB- DOLBY SURROUND -RRB- I WAS GOING TO GIVE THIS AS A PRESENT BUT I HAVE DECIDED TO SEND IT BACK , UNOPENED . I HAVE THE ONE IN THE PICTURE AND I BOUGHT IT THROUGH AMAZON.COM I AM HAPPY WITH IT AND THAT IS THE ONE I WHAT . EVEN THE PICTURE ON THIS NEW ONE IS DIFFERENT.Jerry Nybergjlnyberg@sbcglobal.net
 The tape only played about half way through and froze . Have been sending e-mails but NEVER get a reply . I tried in several different players and same thing . I have doubts if I will ever buy through Amazon again
 I was curious to see this when it first came out on video a few months ago , I am a constant movie buyer , And I am so glad I did n't buy it , It is trash I think they could 've sone more with it , I ca n't believe michele phiffer did this movie , I guess she was desperate . Desperate times calls for desperate measures , I was so dissapointed in this movie , This is a buyer beware movie Do n't but in despearation !
 I really enjoyed this film in its debut in 1980 . It was one of the funniest films of its genre . In 1996 , I and many of my friends would call every Blockbuster and later Hollywood video store in the state if they had ` The Hollywood Knights ' . Most claimed they had movies titled , ` Hollywood Nights ' , but not the ` Knights ' we grew up with and enjoyed . Well , something clicked with Columbia Pictures and the music buisness realizing the marketplace of the '80s generation . Almost everything we knew of from our highschool years is for sale now , great . However , there is a catch . Political Correctness and the , then no-name actors of the these movies . Many scenes in this particular movie have been cut out in the republishing process . Either out of PC , or pressure from the now , big names of the actors of today who do n't want to be embarrassed by what they did in this film . What a shame . We are paying top dollar for a scrubbed teen classic . There are several other `` new '' VHS and DVDs of old films out today that are also scrubbed of good entertainment . If you can get a viewing of this movie in its original form , check it out and see all you missed with this sad reproduction . This review refers to both the VHS and DVD version .
 Absolutely one of the corniest but funniest movies I have ever seen . First saw it around 1984 or 85 on HBO late at night . Robert Wuhl is a crazy man in this movie as Newbomb Turk . Great cast of soon to be and current stars . Not the greatest movie ever made , but it 's just great time ! I 'd recommend it for a party , or just for kicks . I 'm so glad it 's finally been released !
 This movie is n't nearly as funny as I remember it being . I remember watching in on HBO when I was about 12 and thinking it was the best movie ever made , but now that I 'm older and wiser , it just is n't that funny . The jokes are crude and they do have their moments , but overall it 's pretty lame based on today 's standards . I guess there was a reason the studio waited so long to release this movie . My advice , rent it before you buy it .
 maybe back in the day this movie might have been pretty good but times have changed ! in fact i did n't even laugh while watching it ,
 The original movie is excellent however the DVD release has alot of the scenes deleted from the original movie . The DVD cut is unwatchable as most the the best scenes are left out which makes following the theme of the movie hard at best to understand . From what I understand there were alot of legal battles to even release this to DVD as alot of the big name actors did n't want it to hit the light of day . I guess this is what we ended up with a watered down version . Suggest you save your money on this one I rate a NO BUY !
 Robert Wuhl , Corny Music , Fragmented Scenes , 70s Haircuts , No StoryLine , make this freebie Just Awful . Ready to turn it off in the first 8 minutes , I struggled through to around 20 ; then , I could not take this any longer . By the way , is n't Robert Wuhl like 45 years old in this -- playing a High Schooler ? Wannabe American Graffiti , which also sucks . Has Michelle Pfeiffer ever NOT played annoyed/angry in any of her roles ? All she does is argue in every movie she 's ever made . That 's a prime indicator that she has No Acting Ability Whatsoever . And Fran DressCher lends her annoying Honk to this Moronic Film ! Just a complete Waste of Time . Utter Trash that should Not have been made . Thank God I did n't pay for it . And lastly , what 's with all these B-Movies -LRB- no , D-Movies -RRB- on the internet ? Has all the quality content gone to the Film Vaults ?
 Stupid movie with very bad acting . Did n't even watch it all the way through . Do n't waste your time - it 's bad !
 I really , really tried to like this movie . I also tried hard to stick it out till the end . Do n't think I even made it halfway through . It has potential but I do n't know - tires too hard perhaps ... I get the point but it just did n't play out well . Disappointing .
 This movie just tries too hard . I did n't enjoy it all and I kept watching thinking that it was going to get better , but it did n't . The only really enjoyable character was Sophie ... and she really is n't in the movie enough to save it .
 I gave Castle Keep 2 stars because I felt generous . This movie is one of the best examples of early 1970s excess . Terrible writing , directing , acting , special effects , and musical score . In this WW2 flick , everyone is wearing 70s hairstyles and has an anti-establishment perspective . It tries to capture the spirit of `` Catch-22 '' but fails miserably . This is a bad movie - do n't waste your time .
 And I thought ` Catch-22 ' was the worst WWII movie ever made.At least the source of that one - Joseph Heller 's best selling novel - is funny and brilliant . Maybe William Eastlake 's CASTLE KEEP is a great novel , too . I 'll never know , and after watching director Sydney Pollack 's take on it I 'm none to anxious to hunt it down . A group of American soldiers , led by eye patched Major Abraham Falconer -LRB- Burt Lancaster -RRB- decamp in a medieval castle that stands between the advancing Germans and Bastogne . The castle is the residence of the Count of Malorais and Therese , a winsome lass with a wandering eye , and contains a Louvre 's worth of art.Having established a promising plot the movie promptly abandons it and spends nine-tenths of its remaining time standing around talking . Oh , Major Burt makes a heavy move on Therese , Captain Patrick O'Neal moons over the art , the enlisted men spend some time in a cat house in town and , inexplicably , Sergeant Peter Falk takes up residence with a widowed baker 's wife . And wild-eyed Bruce Dern , with choir , pops into the movie every now and then as a hymn singing conscientious objector . But most of the time it 's just tedious , pretentious , impenetrable talk . For instance , at one point Therese and the Count share this exchange - `` They planned this war because there was something they had n't yet smashed . '' `` Who are we , Henri ? '' `` We are the keepers . `` I think CASTLE KEEP is supposed to be a serio-comic response to Vietnam , but this absurd depiction of the futility of war is subverted by its ponderous arrogance and leaden pacing . Static and deathly boring .
 `` Castle Keep '' is an interesting early film by Sydney Pollack that , I 'm sorry to say , is absolutely ruined by Columbia 's foolish decision to release it pan & scan rather than in the correct aspect ratio . The film 's beautiful widescreen cinematography is one of its greatest assets , but on the DVD parts of the film are actually hard to make sense of because half of the image is cut off . -LRB- ... -RRB- . With so many other great films out there to see , I recommend that you do n't waste your time with this one until Columbia releases a better version . Too bad .
 What a waste of an otherwise fine cast . How can it tank -LRB- pun intended -RRB- with the likes of Burt Lancaster , Peter Falk , Patrick O'Neal and Jean-Pierre Aumont ? This is a war movie that ca n't decide whether it 's coming or going . The plot - if it even exists - asks more questions than it can answer . If you are one of those war buffs , you will get enough to whet your appetite . There are explosive firefights and a little humor on the side with the fire-bombing whores and a band of anti-war -LRB- `` we 're conscientious objectors - we do n't believe in fighting '' -RRB- led by the irrepressible Bruce Dern . This movie is a series of - dare I say - loose cannons .
 This is one of those films like the emperors clothes ; because it has stars , great photography , special effects , etc , many viewers think it is a worthy film . But the haphazard writing , weird dialogue , and sub plots that go nowhere mark the movie as an abject failure . The picture includes meaningless rambling dialogue . This is the kind of thing that pretentious people tout as meaningful while , in reality , it is full of sound and fury , signifying nothing . Perhaps the worst feature of the movie is that it ends leaving the viewer without hope or satisfaction of any sort . It is not -LRB- as touted -RRB- so much a condemnation of war as a condemnation of human beings in general .
 I 've been waiting for Castle Keep to come out on DVD for years . Looks like I 'll have to wait even longer , as Columbia TriStar decided to put out a cropped pan-and-scan version of it instead of the full anamorphic version .
 Yes it 's true , Columbia has released this excellent movie in pan & scan ! And to make it worse , contrary to what was said by an earlier reviewer , the original aspect ratio was not 1,85:1 but the full Panavision 2,40:1 framing -LRB- that 's easy to check out , because the opening credits actually are shown in widescreen on the DVD -RRB- . Well , that 's it , folks , what we have here is another useless disc which all movie lovers should stay away from until Columbia finally understands what customers want .1 star because I do n't have any other choice -LRB- please Amazon , make it possible to give a ` Zero star ' rating ! -RRB-
 It is a shame that the vesion is cropped not widescreen !!! The poetry of the movie is destroyed !!
 ... Columbia-Tristar had an opportunity -LRB- really , an obligation to its movie-going and disc-buying audience -RRB- to remedy 30 + years of pan & scan broadcast/tape versions of CASTLE KEEP -- which was originally exhibited in 2.35:1 Panavision , contrary to what another reviewer here remembers -- and have instead elected to preserve a p & s presentation for the DVD release of this excellent and important Vietnam-era film -LRB- set during WWII -RRB- . Whose bright idea was this ? A one-star disc -- if I could give it no stars , I would -- for a five-star film ? Thanks , Columbia-Tristar , but no thanks . I 'll pass .
 No need to buy this DVD , a Panavision title released in pan & scan ? Yep , we 're back in the stone age.Columbia pictures should be ashamed , heaping this crap on the public , the movie is no classic , but it 's worth a look , but this transfer is awful . At least you get the opening credits in letterbox ; -RRB-
 Two World War II flicks involving a European castle came out in 1968 , `` Where Eagles Dare '' and `` Castle Keep . '' If you 're a fan of war films you 've no doubt heard of `` Where Eagles Dare , '' which is one of the greatest war action/adventure films ever made ; but I would n't be too surprised if you 've never heard of `` Castle Keep '' or only vaguely heard of it . There 's good reason for this.THE PLOT
 This is a terrible `` unauthorized '' video . There is no actual Springsteen music in the vd since it is unauthorized . The makers just basically interview 2 or 3 former band mates of Springsteen 's from the very early days . What a piece of garbage this movie is . Not worth two bucks . Spend a couple more and get a dvd of concert footage or an authorized production that actually has some of the Bosses music in it .
 Ok ... . slasher type movie with a killer that is a Michael Myer 's wan na be ! The makers of this movie are dreaming if they think they can come anywhere close to Halloween or Michael Myers !!!! A killing spree began years ago in Devil 's Lake . The killings were never solved . Many years later , a local deputy who 's parents were among the victims of the killer is investigating a new series of murders that are very similiar to the ones years earlier . Overall , not a great movie . I 'd suggest watching it only if you are bored out of your mind !!
 After watching Harvest of Fear , I was all ready to see this movie , it 's sequel . Unfortunately , it let me down . The first movie had a better plot and overall better look to it . There were also more kills and more gore in Harvest of Fear . It 's an OK movie , but not worth more than a couple dollars .
 The lead character -LRB- killer -RRB- is a blatant rip off of Micheal Myers , from the mask and clothing , to the knife , to his demeanor . There was very little I enjoyed about this movie , other than comparing it to others because of the obvious similarities . You even find out who the killer is before he 's unmasked . I 've seen more mystery in a Scooby Doo episode . If you 're a fan of B-movies that are A-movie rip-offs , then this one 's for you . If not , do n't waste your time .
 First off i would like to say spongebob squarepants is a great show and that i have nothing against it . However if you have already bought all the other dvds like i have you will only get 2 new episodes . doesnt that suck ?
 MY FAVORITE EPISODES WOULD BE : SpongeBob Shooter/It 's Raining BubbleBasses!Patrick Pants/SpongeBob Rips Him SelfSpongebob Loses Gary/Patrick Eats TissuesProcrastination where his dream is a reality ! / Pores of HorrorSTUPID FUYSHO SAYS : La , best . `` Hey , Spongebob ! '' `` Over here ! '' `` Come and rest your feet ! `` BACK TO ME , CRABBIESTThere is no spot to rest your feet ! Do n't buy this !
 If you own all the other releases Christmas-Halloween - Lost at Sea-Nautical Nonsense and Sponge Buddies-Sea Stories-SpongeBob Goes Prehistoric-SpongeGuard on Duty-Tales from the Deep - The Seascape Capers-Tide and Seek then your only going to get THREE shows you dont already have.One Krabs Trash - Sandy , SpongeBob and the Worm and I 'm Your Biggest Fanatic which are great shows no doubt !! But being a faithful Spongebob supporter its kind of a let down to only get THREE shows out of FORTY from the second season that I dont already have . On the other fin if you only have The Complete 1st Season in your collection then this is a must have for you .
 Personally I do n't see the appeal of sponge bob . In my opinion it sends the wrong message for our kids . But my 4 yo is already savvy on the kindle so guess I need to apply parental controls early .
 I would rather do dishes , laundry , go to student teacher conferences or get into a car wreck than watch this horrible show . . knock on wood
 SCRATCHES ON THE DVDS . I DID N'T MEAN TO BUY TWO OF THE SAME THING BUT DISSAPOINTED THAT THEY WERE SCRATCHED
 Even as an adult I enjoy SpongeBob now and then . But my iphone had to stop and buffer every 2 or 3 minutes . Drove me crazy .
 There is not a great deal I have that 's positive to say about this movie.First off , it 's heavily derivative , especially of Kubrick 's 2001 A Space Odyssey
 This is one of the most ridiculous sci-fi DVD 's I have ever seen . The dialog between the Valley Forge and the other ship is ridiculous . Dern talking to the two driods is pathetic . If I had to see one more close up of Dern 's flared nostrils I was going to puke . I definitely would not recommend this DVD to anyone . It is very dated , boring , with terrible acting , directing and dialog .
 Because Doug Trumbull -- a pioneering special-effects technoweenie -- was the guy who initiated `` Silent Running '' -LRB- to use some of the special effects techniques he developed for `` 2001 , '' he said -RRB- , I have sometimes toyed with the idea that the whole thing was an elephantine _ parody _ of '70s environmentalism.The presence of Bochco and Cimino as writers has made me -- reluctantly -- discard this delicious notion , though.Cimino , so far as I can tell -LRB- read Steven Bach 's `` The Final Cut , '' about Cimino and the `` Heaven 's Gate '' fiasco that was the final straw for United Artists -RRB- _ has _ no sense of humor.And Bochco was the writer for a `` New Twilight Zone '' episode that was , if anything , even more redolent of New Age moonbattery than was `` Silent Running . ''
 The movie could be considered good in 80s but special effect can not be compared with todays space movie . It is not a worthy DVD collection .
 I 'm truly amazed by the positive reviews this sorry excuse of a movie seems to get from some people . Guys , have we seen the same movie ? The storyline jumps from one implausible turn to another . Some details beat world records of utter stupidity . The acting is lame -LRB- though you really ca n't blame actors when they are provided with such substandard material to work with -RRB- . The whole thing is incredibly corny and ludicrous.And incredibly boring . . unless you decide to `` make fun '' of it in which case I admit this movie offers almost endless possibilitiesBut seriously , do n't waste your money on that movie , you 'll only regret it.Trust me on this one.FrenchvalP.S .
 Silent Running is the worst movie I have ever seen . It has a ridiculous plot with terrible acting . The movie has no point at all . It is about some lunatic man who has nothing better to do than be obsessed with plants . How can you make a good movie about a single man , 3 robots -LRB- one that flies off into space -RRB- and a dome full of trees . This movie is simply an hour and a half of garbage . If they are going to make a sci-fi movie at least make it worth while ! Watching this movie was a waste of my time !!!
 Sit down under a tree , give it a big hug , fire up you bong and go to sleep . That 's what I was waiting for Freeman to do all movie . It 's a shame that special effects that were so ground breaking were waisted on this Sci-fi Hippie flick . I 'm surprised that Freeman 's suit was n't tie-dyed . Keep your money say no to drugs !
 There 's no 0 stars option ? Sup wit dat ? I do n't know why anyone in thier right mind considers this peice of dreck a Sci-Fi Classic . The box to this movie promises it to be `` the lonliest adventure ever '' . . which in lamen 's term means `` A boring movie where absolutly nothing happens ! '' This is one of those movies that you only watch because you 're thinking `` Something really cool is about to happen . . any minute now '' , and it does n't . In fact , this movie is the most uneventful thing I 've ever seen . It 's a guy planting trees and talking to cardboard box robots for 2hrs ! Avoid this film like the plauge .
 The worst movie , very slow with a poor acting . Unless your a greenpeace nut do n't bother ...
 this movie was a big let down . first off is the bad acting by the lead character that kills the crew and is left alone on a star ship . the poor attempt at conveying the lonlyness and cabin fever by interaction with the drone droids leaves you without the real grip of this state of mind.a movie that could have had alot more potential really flops with a boaring plot and mind numbing acting .
 This movie sucks so bad ! The star of the film is weird and lame , nothing cool ever happens . Its totally pointless to watch this movie if you have ever seen any si-fi flick put out after 1974 ! Do n't buy it if you have n't seen it yet , save your money for Logons Run or 2001 - A Space Odyssey .
 I liked this movie when it was first released to the theatres in the 1970s . I thought a revisit on DVD would bring back some of those fond memories , but , sadly , the film looks very dated . ` Forget the premise - it 's pure enviro-fiction . Think about it for a minute
 Being a sci-fi buff , I gave this movie a try since it 's considered `` one of the best sci-fi movies of the 70 's '' . Twice , I fell asleep and had to force myself to the ending.In my opinion , the only redeeming factor of this movie is watching the robots . It seems this movie places the value of plants over human life and says it 's ok to kill people as long as you have Peter Frampton hair . Only tree-huggers need apply .
 Briefly , Silent Running is set in the distant future where Earth 's forests , because of pollution , have been transplanted to large terrarium-like domes orbiting Saturn on a trio of space cruisers . When the ships are recalled to Earth for commercial service and the domes ordered destroyed , one of the crewmen takes action to preserve the trees and plants he has spent the last eight years caring for.Silent Running has a number of problems
 I 'd like to say that this is the worst movie ever made , but it is n't . `` Dark Star '' was , but this runs a close second.I think that a child under 12 would maybe enjoy this movie ? But maybe not , there are alot of smart kids out there . My only regret is that I watched it to the end ... . I found the story line implausible and very boring , and the main character pretty dull ... . I like sci-fi , but not like this .
 This movie is unimaginably terrible . Overacting , underacting , a very thin plot with no development , poorly edited , and overall just plain sucky . The worst part is once you see the end of the movie you start questioning the whole reason for the movie to even have a reason for being made . Nothing is accomplished , nothing is resolved . This is just a bad , bad movie .
 Doug Trumbull 's special effects are the only reason to watch this movie , but this is the worst script ever.Whoever came up with the idea that a botanist would n't know that plants die without light was partaking of a bit too much of the local flora.Bruce Dern 's portrayal of an emasculated , uneducated , puerile , whining victim was fantastic . I think he caught the true essence of the flower-child movement .
 The number of reviews calling this movie a `` scifi classic '' and a `` masterpiece with a message '' is truly dumbfounding.Ok , it does have a few strengths ... the special effects and sets are quite well done , the mood is relaxed and the droids are actually kind of cute ... but the bad just totally overshadows the good ... First , Bruce Dern 's character is not at all likable and his dialoge is irritatingly bad . He sounds like a whiny , adolescent boy ... and acts like it , right down to the tantrums , mood swings and fits of violence . You quickly realize that you 're not watching a sane , distinguished scientist , but rather a boy scout who never grew up.Second , nothing is done to ground the movie 's basic notion in believability . Why ca n't the forests stay on Earth in preserves ? Who in the world would pay billions to save the forests when , apparently , no one cares for them on Earth ? Why are there only 4 people onboard this huge space freighter?Other bad points : Music - It is laughably folksongish . It 's bad enough when it 's just instrumental , but the 3 or 4 times when it breaks into verse could drive a sane person to suicide.Character Development - Very little to speak of ... unless you consider Freeman Lowell 's increasing insanity to be character development.Plot confusion - There are a few places where poor editing or whatnot makes the story hard to follow . Expect to do some rewinding while you 're watching.Now , on a more positive note ... This movie is so funny in its seriousness that you 'll be unable to stop laughing . Silent Running is , hands down , the funniest movie not meant to be funny that I 've ever seen . From seeing Freeman Lowell whine and pout early on to going postal like a cross-circuited droid , just about every scene is hilarious , and I mean that with the utmost seriousness . Every time that I recall the final scene with the droid carefully watering the plant with a flower-nosed bucket , I lose my composure and bust up with laughter . The movie was worth watching just for the endless laugh that that one scene gave me.It 's really too bad that this movie IS so bad . The general idea and style of direction could 've made into a pretty good movie . As it is , though , it 's utterly spoiled by heavy-handed hippy propaganda . I think that it backfired on its makers , though , because it unwittingly paints the radical environmentalist as a madman more concerned with plants than humans , willing to murder human lives to protect insensate plants . That , in itself , is rather funny , but it also smudges the reputation of all reasonable scientists and environmentalists.If you 're so deadly serious that none of what I 've said sounds funny or bad , you 'll love the movie ; otherwise , rent this one for the laughs .
 After seeing the recent movie `` Moon , '' I read that writer/director Duncan Jones -LRB- a.k.a. David Bowie 's kid -RRB- mentioned this movie as one of the sci-fi movies that inspired the `` retro '' look of Moon . Since I loved Moon , I ordered this.I knew it probably would n't be up to the standards of 2001 , but thought it would be in the ballpark.WRONG!The effects are terrible . The lighting is terrible . All the models of spaceships look like models . The script is terrible , childish , amateurish . The `` acting '' is terrible . The Joan Baez songs are totally hokey . The warehouse in space looks like a warehouse . Most of the instrumentation in the space ship is made of off the shelf oscilloscopes and other electronic test equipment . One magical device is simply a commercial light bulb.Kubrick 's genius is even more apparent after seeing this . The effects of 2001 hold up even 40 years later , while this movie , made several years later by some of the same people , looks like a joke .
 I have only walked out on two movies in my lifetime -- this was one of them . Absurdly bad acting from Bruce Dern , whom I have generally liked in movies and TV . I like sci-fi , love movies , but could n't suspend my disbelief for this .
 The only reason I gave it a 1 is because I could n't give it a 0 . It is totally stale . If you are a fan of sci-fi , chances are you 'll have to fight to stay awake . The look and feel of the robots is about the one and only redeeming quality of this film . Avoid it like the plague , even on earth day .
 I had such high hopes for this movie when I bought the DVD . I read it was directed by the man who was responsible for such wonderful special effects in 2001 and Close Encounters . What a boring , uneventful , uninteresting , badly acted , silly movie this is . I 'm sure the message back in the early 70 's was feelgood and all , but this was just toooooo lame for me to care about what was happening . It is plain to see that he did not have much in the budget for effects . Or even a script . Pretty amazing since Michael Cimino and Steven Bochco have their names attached to the screenplay . If you want to laugh at something that I would term `` bad theater at its best '' , by all means , buy this movie . But you will be disappointed if expecting anything else .
 Boring ... Boy did I have high hopes for this flick . I do n't have much time , and after I watched this flick I wanted it all back . I was strongly tempted to toss the disk out of my room and try and hit one of the cement walls to see if it would blow up like the movie did , lol . Do n't spend your hard earned cash on this one , get something better like Westworld , 2001 , or the original Andromina Strain . later !
 If SILENT RUNNING were literature instead of a film , it would be accused of being a short short story masquerading as a novel . Its greatest claim to fame is having been made by 2001 special effects guru Douglas Trumbull . And there is no question that this is visually the most interesting SF film between 2001 and STAR WARS . Like 2001 it was a SF film that was not intended to go directly to a drive in double bill . It was intended to be taken seriously.There is no question that this is a film with good intentions and it was certainly made with great attention . And Huey , Dewey , and the posthumously named Louie are among the most beloved and fondly remembered movie robots -LRB- I suppose most people know that the robots were performed by multiple amputee humans -RRB- . But the brute fact is that there simply is n't much of a story . And what little story there is , is pretty danged bleak . It is surprising that there is so little in the way of interesting story -- well , heck , that there is so little story at all , interesting or otherwise . This was a talented trio of writers . Michael Cimono and Deric Washburn would later win an Oscar for DEER HUNTER , while Steve Bocho would reinvent television with HILL STREET BLUES and other projects.In the end , SILENT RUNNING ends up being a visually less interesting distillation of the duller parts of 2001 . I will add that Bruce Dern is very good in what is essentially the only role in the movie -LRB- though I was amazed to see that I literally could n't recognize Ron Rifkin in his small role -RRB- . I suppose students of SF should see it because of its `` classic '' status , but to be honest , it is not a terribly interesting film .
 I must say I actually applauded Douglas Trumball for making this film , and upon it 's release , it made an impact with audiences , but I never cared for it as entertainment or as serious science fiction . Today , the short-lived `` ecology movement '' , green flags and all , is long gone , and this film is now is a seriously dated curio of it 's time.There are some terrific things to be said about this film ... and there are some intelligent reviews of it that I agree with ... however there are some fatal touches that make this a dated piece , and that make it difficult to watch today.First of all , Bruce Dern 's unappealing character is a stereotypical `` hippie '' . He is a classic `` passive-agressive '' person ... at one moment `` loving and peaceful '' and the next minute he is angry , pissed off , not in control of his emotions . He is certainly difficult for me to empathize with , since he reminds me of many `` do-gooders '' I have known who are unpredictable and untrustworthy and have a `` hidden agenda '' besides `` peace and love '' . Dern plays this part to perfection , but its not something comfortable to watch for 2 hours . I have seen this film 2 or 3 times and each time I just wanted a chance to stuff something in his mouth to shut him up.Secondly , the soundtrack of Joan Baez singing her folk tunes in space is just too limited for the scope of the visuals and destroys the impact of the powerful message the film tries to convey about `` saving the planet '' . Her passive , slightly off-key and limited-ranged vocals do not marry well to the scenes of space , stars , planets and infinity . It does not work on any level ... either then or now.Finally , the most fatal flaw of this film is that as the plants begin to die ... our hero panics and says he has no clue why . Forgetting about the space ship leaving the solar system and the gigantic glass domes leaving solar rays , he suddenly `` realizes '' that plants need SUN . What kind of ecological genius is this guy?Well , the robots are clever and cute , the sets are impressive , the early scenes with the `` friendly '' plants are nice and the special effects are first rate for their day ... . and we get to see Saturn 's rings in the movies for the first time looking relatively authentic . It 's certainly not as bad as a few reviewers have said , and sci-fi fans should see it , but there are far better sci-fi films out there ... . and better ones that deal with the rape of our ecosystem .
 At this point , this film seems so outdated and the production quality and ` technology ' feels more like a made-for-TV episode than a feature film.I failed to remember any of this when I first saw the movie years ago , and purchasing to watch again was a big letdown .
 Ok , say there is some reason we do n't know why they ca n't have the protective domes on Earth , but it exists , maybe . There is absolutely no reason to have the freighters carrying the domed forests in space move millions of miles from Earth when the plan was to return the forests to Earth once it was made suitable for vegetation again . Then they try to make us believe that a botanist does n't know that light is an important part of plant life 's health . The biggest crime though is the ejection and destruction of the forest domes that contain the last natural food source , which even if they only harvest the one time could be sold for incredible amounts , as well as the other materials that could be harvested from the trees and plant life that is obviously in zero or at the very least , short supply on Earth . Keep in mind , it 's a large corporation that is making all these decisions based purely on monetary gain , as they decide the freighters would be better utilized returning them to commercial shipping . They have to return to Earth anyway , why not just drop off the domes there and liquidate the goods and salvage the domes and support systems instead of using expensive nuclear devices to blow them up . There are just far too many uses that could bring tremendous gains when fought over by the rich .
 I wanted to like this movie . I really did . The effects were incredibly good -LRB- except for those oscilliscope screens , what was up with that ?! -RRB- , especially considering the year it was made . I also sympathised with the main character , Lowell , and his motivations . I thought that the opening conflict between Freeman Lowell and the other crewmembers had real potential , unfortunately , the story was terrible . It also did n't help that the science was all wrong , what with artificial gravity , nuclear explosions in space with no effect on nearby objects , nuclear devices about the size of a Foster 's beer can , etc. etc.The dialogue was passable , but to say that the story was flat would be an understatement . There was no character development . There was no plot development . The one `` mystery '' of the whole movie was incredibly obvious and also scientifically incorrect -LRB- as was the solution -RRB- and Lowell 's motivation was never investigated , explained or developed.To those who would claim that this is the `` best science fiction movie ever '' are you judging the movie by its message or its execution ?
 this has to be the absolute worst scifi movie with a wide following . not sure , really , what other people see in it and why it makes `` top sci fi '' lists . makes me wonder if there are better drugs than what i 'm taking . ; - -RRB- has value as a `` save the planet '' movie . not sure what else . and before i forget , baez shoulda never sung for this -LRB- any ? -RRB- scifi movie . big mismatch with her talent and this amateurish flick.no comment on dern . i do n't think his acting has ever changed once in his entire career . even when directed by hitch ... . oh ! the superb robots ! the only redeeming aspect of the entire movie . actually use real double amputees to fit in there ! lucas clearly got his r2 personality ideas from sr. .
 After reading many of the review 's that people have given , I come to one conclusion ! Sometimes a 5 cent cigar is just a 5 cent cigar . I have seen this movie several times , it was never meant to be a ` classic ' or anything other then what it is -LRB- was -RRB- , a movie to entertain for that time . I had more than a passing interest in seeing the movie . The set used to make it was a old U.S. Navy ship by the name of the USS Valley Forge . In 1969 , while traveling in convoy to Hawaii with many other ships , mine included , it ran into another ship , mine . So , I do remember it well.Being a Sci-Fi fan -LRB- nut -RRB- , I really enjoyed this film , as I do many others , but please , when you watch this movie , DO NOT compare it by today 's standards . It was a good movie for it 's time , yes , flawed and dated , but still fun to watch and remember .
 An excellent transfer , but USA buyers beware unless you have a region free blu ray player all you can do is read the booklet .
 Do n't expect this film about one night of sexual relationship between a count 's daughter and her footman to be a light-hearted French-style romp . It is , instead , a highly depressing film about a deeply self-destructive woman and a ruthless , heartless man . Throughout the film , each relentlessly attempts to dominate and ultimately destroy the other . True , there 's some well-worded dialog about class and gender relations , that 's highly radical for the 1880s , when I believe the original play was written . The strong overtones of sadism are probably original . Although I suspect the four-letter words and other explicit references were inserted in the modern film script.But the characters-particularly Miss Julie-are so utterly irrational , that I could n't help spending the film saying `` Geez , guys , just quit drinking , get some sleep , and things will look better in the morning . '' At one point , when Miss Julie proposes a suicide pact , the footman replies , `` I 'd rather open a hotel . `` No kidding .
 I was very disappointed by this movie -LRB- nothing against the seller ; the DVD is perfect quality -RRB- . I saw the play a few years ago and enjoyed it very much but this adaptation is not at all what I was expecting . A real shame .
 This was a TOTAL WASTE for me . It took forever for it to download ; in fact it NEVER FINISHED DOWNLOADING . Sixty minutes after I purchased the viodeo the little circle was still showing that it was downloading . I gave up in frustration . I WILL NEVER ORDER A VIDEO FROM AMAZON AGAIN !!
 This attempt at an adaption of Strindberg 's play is another ambitious failure for Mike Figgis . It 's biggest flaw is that , while focusing on the class issues between the characters -LRB- a product of the social structure of past centuries -RRB- , the film never convinces the audience that these are anything but 21st people . Given that flaw , all the other elements of this film are just bleak and silly .
 I am an intelligent person who enjoys good period pieces , but this was not at all a good movie . I think part of the problem was that it was adapted from a play , and I prefer films that develop character like in novels . It was very slow and completely devoid of character development . Explanations of the characters ' motivations were practically nonexistent and seemed rather arbitrary.While highly literary people might like this movie , I think anyone who enjoys a real story should avoid it . To be fair , though , the acting was good ; my problem with the movie is entirely due to the material . If in doubt , rent it first to make sure you want to own it . Also do n't buy it just for the alleged sex scene ; you do n't see anything exciting , and it made me cringe because it was essentially rape .
 The original drama `` Miss Julie '' -LRB- sometimes spelled `` Miss Julia '' -RRB- is written by Swedish writer August Strindberg in 1888 . Because of its contents , it had been banned in his native country for 25 years , but looking back from now , the sexual nature looks nothing special now . But somehow director Mike Figgis thought of pretty faithfiul adaptation of this one-act drama.There are three characters -- Jean , Julie , Chiristine -- but basically the drama belongs to the servant Jean -LRB- Peter Mullan -RRB- and Miss Julie , rich count 's rather spolied daughter , played by director 's muse Saffron Burrows . On Midsummer 's Eve , uninhibited by class consciousness , Miss Julie taunts Jean , who at first endures the insult . Then , slowly the fierce battle of will leads them into seduction and contemplation of living together , or the rigid mores of society they live in.The talky nature of the film is regrettable , but understandable . It is a filmed stage drama , and that 's not to be blamed . The problem is this ; one , many of us today no longer feel bound by the same sexual codes as they experience . The values they talk about are , if not totally , almost dead . The film fails to answer this question -- they suffer , but why should we care?But the bigger trouble is this ; director Figgis is so intent on denying that the original material is made for stage , that he uses too many irritatingly flashy cameraworks like split screen . And by showing too many of them , and the sexual nature of the drama more explicitly , the film is deprived of the subtle nuance which the original drama has . What is the point of blantantly showing the poor dead bird itself anyway when what the drama wants to show lies in different place?Acting is good , I admit , but I can not help thinking that Peter Mullan is miscast . The original drama clearly says Jean is 30 year-old -LRB- while Miss Julie is 25 -RRB- . They act well , trying to generate the intensity between the sex , which I find sadly missing . What if Daniel Day-Lewis did the same role -- I was thinking about that all through this extremely depressing film .
 Boring , boring , boring . Set piece of a flawed , and overindulgent strindberg play , could have been more bearable had this been a play , but in the movies , too sub par actors , no real plot ... no way man . Alright , strindberg was known for his sadist relationships with women , as well as his little , oh shall we call it inferiority complex , with upper classes . -LRB- Dad an aspiring aristocrat , but a failed bussiness man , mom proletarian and dies very young -RRB- He married a baroness , then deserted her , then never , according to his own admission , managed a loving relationship , without the power , submission , et al. with a woman . Now imagine all that transcribed into endless dialogs between countess -LRB- mike figes girlfriend managing a huge fiasco of wooden -LRB- over -RRB- - acting and stunned grimaces -RRB- and her dad 's servant
 This is dubed over in places like where his father sings old world tunes , and other places . It is very obviouse when you have seen and heard the original , and everywhere that it is dubed with what sometimes doesnt even come close to his voice and no where near as funny because its like listening to someone else try to tell his jokes . and where the music is changed it ruins those scits . I love the originalso much ... , half way through , It was riuned for me out of anticipation that the next skit I knew was so haliriously funny was going to be dubed over and ruined as well . This was such a great performance , why did they have to mess it up !!!!!!!!!! I would be willing to pay three times what this DVD cost if they would make it like it was originally , this Is a great disappointment !!!!!!!!!!! 2 stars because they have murdered his performance , and the world must see the original exceptional fabulouse performance !!! Some one please produce the original performanc with his original VOICE MOST IMPROTANTLY !!!!!!!!!
 Let me start by saying I love , love , LOVE this amazing performance by John Leguizamo . When I first saw it on HBO , it absolutely blew me away . I agree with all the other 4 and 5-star reviews here that do nothing but sing Leguizamo praises for his acting , storytelling , impressions , dancing , etc , etc etc.However , I hate , hate , HATE this DVD version of Freak . First off , the video quality of this DVD is terrible . It is not clear or sharp , and when there is even the slightest bit of motion on the screen , everything looks blurry and has scan-lines running through it . If you 've seen Freak , you know that John 's performance is pretty animated , to say the least . He moves very quickly , break-dances at times , and in general is like a fireball of energy as he moves about the stage -- which means the DVD looks like CRAP about 70 % of the time.But by far and away my # 1 complaint about this DVD is that it does NOT contain all of the original audio from John 's performance . Some of John 's speaking parts have been completely over-dubbed with re-recorded audio . It is particularly noticeable during his impressions . I ca n't be sure if they patched the audio with OTHER performances of Freak and it actually is John 's own voice , or if they used a sound-alike voice actor . But either way , it totally sucks.Also , all of the music that made his original performance so memorable -LRB- songs like Queen 's `` Another One Bites the Dust '' , Freestyle 's `` Do n't Stop the Rock , '' and Al Green 's `` So In Love , '' among others -RRB- has all been replaced by generic-sounding stock music that resembles nothing of the original songs.Freak came out in 1998 , and this DVD was not released until 2011 . That is a LONG time to wait for something on DVD , which I did , for years and years . Before I purchased this DVD , my only copy was the one I had recorded on VHS off HBO back when I was in high school . I have watched my VHS tape of Freak dozens of times , so obviously I 'm very familiar with what it SHOULD sound like . But when I eventually treated myself to this DVD copy , I was filled with nothing but disappointment .
 This is good for young teens . Even though everyone acts well , and it 's full of people we like the intricacies of the story lack surprise as was the deft hand that could weave this more artfully . It was predictable and plodding .
 Between the clunky and implausible set-up at the beginning and the mawkish and implausible wrap-up at the end , the moments in between were implausibly charming enough to keep me interested . Or maybe I just have a crush on Rachel Griffiths .
 I can not watch this dvd on my dvd player not happy it did not state unsuitable for australian dvds
 The item description for this DVD says WIDESCREEN . But only `` The Gumball Rally '' is in WS . `` Cannonball Run II '' is presented in full screen . BUMMER . Why do they even bother?Buyer beware !
 It was a very slow movie . Was expecting alot more like Cannon Ball Run . Not even close . Get Cannon Ball Run a much more entertaining movie and more laughs .
 Movie was okay for an older movie . Not as much action as I had hoped for .
 Frankly , I was expecting `` The Gumball Rally '' to be like its poster . Gayfree and funny story . It shows Brannon as lovable goofball , juggling the gumballs in the air , Alice -LRB- Susan Flanney plays her , I bet it was shock to see she was portrayed as Marilyn Monroe in the poster -RRB- in orange car behind Franco 's pink car , as Marilyn Monroe-like sitting on the car door , wearing a low cut green dress and putting on her makeup . And then in Roll Royce car , a Daddy 's spoiled rich woman humorously strangling a man on the motorcycle to get a leg up the competition at any cost . Sadly , the film has no humor as the poster promises . Brannon is cold filthy rich who has no feelings for anyone . His pal , Smith is too cold to root for , too . As for the women , they have few scenes . Susan and Joanne barely put their emotions in it . So I ca n't root for them . It seems that Susan does n't have a driver license . They had a questionable scene . The boys chase them . One of says `` Do n't do something that will get us arrested like you did last year '' . Susan says `` If you can catch us , you can have us '' which Alice glares at her pal , `` That was dumb ! '' because she did n't want to have anything with the boys . Their car breaks down . The next day , Alice is so upset about having a forced sex with the boys . Then they encounter two cops checking them out . They are distraugh . I ca n't laugh at rape story . It is questionable act on director to think it is funny ????? There is no spoiled rich woman in the movie . It is Angie and her boyfriend in Roll Royce . Jose kidnaps his girlfriend , Angie . They meet a motorcycle gang who liked her bikini top too much which Angie did n't have the time to change her clothes . Jose runs over one of the motorcyles , enraging them . Joe screams they are going to kill me and rape you . Angie screams they are going to kill me and rape you . Again , it is nothing funny about murder and rape . The fake cops are in it . The writer used an old joke , borrowed from `` Candid Camera '' , `` Smile you are on candid camera and you are going to be a big movie star '' punch line . The fake cops pull on the real cop and I see the punch line coming up before it starts . I heard a million jokes about it so much on TV and movies . And finally , Kapchick has probably humorous scenes in it even though not of one of them made me laugh . Seen them before . He looks insane , hapless , and accident prone , crashing into stuff . He did n't say one word until the famous scene . He utters a foul word . There were foul words , `` S '' , `` A '' , `` J '' and obscene gestures . There is no topless women in it . One woman scrubbed her -LSB- ... -RSB- on the window and one woman mooning out the car window , inserts her fingers between her legs . Because imdb is family friendly , her act goes unmentionable.The only way to make this movie and every movies funny to have wacky lovable characters , not cars . We ca n't laugh at cars or rape story.Overall , I am greatly disappointed !!! I really thought it would be out-The Gumball Rallyloud laugh funny like the poster promises .
 If you 're a fan of fast cars and cross-country auto racing then you 'll probably like `` The Gumball Rally . '' I do n't care for either so it 's not surprising I did n't like this movie . In fact , I HATED it ! But even if I did , it would still be hard for me to say anything good about this film because `` Gumball '' has a rather thin `` plot '' -LRB- to say the least -RRB- and the acting is pitiful . Michael Sarrazin is one of those 70 's B-movie actors who has n't done anything noteworthy before or since and this film only proves that he -- along with everyone else in this film -- has no talent . Having seen this sorry excuse of a movie a couple of times since its original release , I must say my opinion of it has n't changed . `` Gumball '' is a stupid , one-dimensional farce that lacks any real action and its attempt at slapstick humor is sorely lacking , at best . If I could , I 'd give `` Gumball '' a zero because it stinks ! This movie is so bad , it makes `` Attack of the Killer Tomatoes '' look like `` Citizen Kane '' .
 I bought this thinking it could be interesting & educational , because it dealt with things that I am interested in . However , it turned out to be a disappointment . The plot & storyline are horrible . The quality is worse than a VHS , everything is amateurish . Go look somewhere else please .
 This was really bad . I had to turn it off before getting to the end . It is a home video quality production showing many stupid business decisions . I ca n't believe that myself or anyone else would be willing to pay to watch this .
 I could n't wait to see this movie , and was I ever disappointed , as I yawned my way through most of it . The movie covers more than a year in the rise and fall of an internet startup , and does so with the assumption that the audience has a short attention span and wo n't be interested in the details . And so , there were complex interactions in several areas that were central to the story but which were dealt with superficially . First , the dealings between the company and the venture capitalists . A lot of screen time was devoted to the search for money , but I ca n't say it shed any light , for me , on how they actually got the money . Next , there was the buyout of one of the founders , with negotiations that got pretty ugly . Never did I get what precipitated the buyout or why things got so ugly . Then , there was a pivotal confrontation between the two remaining founders . I sat staring at the screen wondering , what are the issues here ? What is happening to this company ? Do I even care ? No , the filmmakers gave me no reason to care about either the company or the people . There were a lot of people treating each other badly while saying to the camera how relationships are the most important thing in their life.There was no narration , little explanation , quick edits that left with me with more questions and no answers . There were captions showing the growth of the company . 20 employees . 75 employees . 200 employees . And suddenly , near the end , empty cubicles and a caption that said 50 employees . What caused the sudden dropoff ? Was it the beginning of the bubble bursting for internet stocks ? Or was it that their competitors had , technically , better websites ? I really could n't tell . Maybe the point of the movie was merely to entertain , and not to elucidate what happened to one company during the internet mania . But I was n't even entertained .
 Two jackasses are funded for an otherwise brilliant idea . Problem is , the two chuckleheads , Kaleil -LRB- this guy is self-inflated throughout the whole movie -RRB- and Tom could n't run a toaster let alone a business . Not surprisingly , the whole 'em pire ' comes crashing down on the both of them . The most work I think they ever did in the movie was film themselves and show everyone how important they thought they were.This is a typical case study of how not to run a business . It is a great behind the scenes of who was running the `` new economy '' . It will be no surprise to you after watching this movie why the bubble burst .
 This movie caused me to lose 2 hours of my life , and I want them back ! After seeing this movie , it is obvious that the reason for govWorks.com 's failure is not due to unfortunate stock market circumstances but because the owners just could n't get along ! From the start of the film , it is easy to see that the characters starting this company lack the discipline and true customer dedication to make this company a success . Throughout the movie , Mr. Kaleil tries to impress the viewers with his use of foul language , angry tones , and cell phones.These two obviously do not have a concrete business plan . As can be seen in the scenes negotiating with venture capital firms , Mr. Herman deviates from their original ` vision ' , spontaneously talking about giving people directions to government buildings . They apparently did not have any focus on why people would pay money for their service . Their lack of customer interaction sticks out like a sore thumb - nowhere in the development of govWorks.com do the founders actually perform any market research . They obtain large sums of venture capital , and celebrate without considering what they will use their funds for . They pile on the millions , but make no reference to their NEEDs in their cash flow statements -LRB- if they even had one -RRB- . Overall the video is poorly directed - even for a documentary . There is no narration and the movie is acted out in a series of `` scenes '' taken by a home video . It is very much like `` reality TV '' . All of the steps in building -LRB- and destroying -RRB- their company are implicit through dialog , rather than explained.If you like reality TV or just like watching 2 dimwits trying to start a company , then buy this . But if you are serious about seeing a motivational story or learning something about starting a company , do n't waste your time on this movie . This movie was so bad I sent my DVD on a one-way trip through the microwave .
 I was a big fan of `` War Room '' from the same creative team , but this effort is not a worthy sequel . The guys that start the company -LRB- govworks.com -RRB- seem to be a couple of dopes out of their element from the word go , and all the `` we are n't a business , we are a family '' BS was just flat out stupid - no wonder they failed . That aside , what is really lacking in the movie is a narrative that gives the viewer more info on how the company is really doing when the spaghetti hits the fan at various points . We know the business is running into problems , but no real details are provided - just the two guys screaming into their cell phones . Too bad - better organization and background narrative to go along with the human element would have made this a much better documentary .
 After `` The War Room '' , this documentary is especially disappointing . It suffers from a lack of distance between subject and film maker , and bestows affection on two immature posers who deserve little more than contempt . It focuses almost entirely on these two annoying people for no reason except that they are young and temporarily in control of big bucks.This is a bogus depiction of a dot-com , unless you believe that people flying around and grubbing money is the entire story . In fact , the internet phenomenon was a vast , complex drama , one which is shortchanged in this unfortunate mistake.Anyone familiar with the internals of the dot-com world knows that these `` pioneers '' never were the heroes portrayed in the popular media ; they 're simply jerks . The hambone buddy love scenes provide first class examples of myopic documentarians buying into the hocus-pocus of a couple of phonies . Their audience deserved an honest depiction of their empty souls and their pointless company . Instead , we got `` gee whiz , they 're young and going to be rich ! ''
 The biggest problem with this movie is that after five minutes of viewing , you pretty much were n't rooting for anyone to succeed . I mean , out of the gazillions of dot coms with exactly the same story to tell as govworks.com -LRB- a couple of moderately-bright and over-ambitious young guys with a lukewarm idea hit up their family and friends up for money , get a round of financing , and fall on their faces as soon as it 's clear that the whole thing was rushed into and had a flimsy foundation -RRB- , it is a shame that this movie followed the travels of the two ... in charge . Furthermore , this documentary somehow took footage from a spot on the front line of one of the most bombastic , hectic , and electrifying times in this nation 's economy , and distilled it into a drab and boring story . Trust me , this felt every bit like a documentary -LRB- you know , the bad kind - the kind which every good documentary clearly distances itself from -RRB- . Kaleil Isaza Tuzman was OK but had too big of an ego -LRB- he 'd make a better cheerleader than businessman , use of corporate buzzwords and catchphrases notwithstanding -RRB- , Tom Herman was a creep with a wet-blanket liberal personality , and the prevailing quality that comes to mind for everyone involved in the project is `` spoiled . '' Plus , the movie 's editing job is such that it never really conveys that these guys had to work too hard to achieve any measure of success ; they should have been thrilled to make it as far as they did , given the flimsiness of their game plan , their lack of preparedness for key interviews and opportunities , and the grave errors still in existence at the time they launched . This movie was a barely-watchable dot bomb .
 I really did n't learn why this company failed or even exactly what they were trying to sell , but with over five scenes of him working out in the gym , I sure got to know how really buff Kaleil is . Excellent !
 Startup.com has to be the worst documentary that I have ever watched . I thought that the DVD might be interesting to a web geek who enjoys documentaries , like myself . The documentary is poorly shot and poorly edited . I wanted the documentary to be over much sooner than later . Whoever funded the duplication and distribution of this DVD was probably one of the venture capitalists who funded any stupid idea in the dot com bubble .
 Okay , I was excited to see this movie . I read a few non fiction books on the dot.com bust and thought I knew a thing or two , but when I watched this movie focus on petty relationships and nothing more , I found myself wondering what planet these film makers were from . I mean , WHO cares about these people 's relationships ?? NOT ANYONE WHO IS WATCHING THIS MOVIE ! We care about why and how businesses succeed and fail . This movie sucked !
 I originally was quite interested in seeing this film after reading a lot of good press about it . When I finally did see the film theatrically I mainly saw little more than the failed possibilities.In my opinion the greatest weakness is in focus . The two founders are not particularly interesting characters and the choice to focus on them to the exclusion of the company itself brought the film down . As well there are significant time gaps in the growth of govWorks.com while other sections -LRB- most notably the rather boring part about securing venture capital -RRB- are given a disproportionate share of the time . In the end I never was able to care about the characters or gain any real feeling for the company they founded . It could have been about any other business that failed with very little that was specific to the time , place , or culture that surrounded the Dot-Com Boom and why it went bust .
 I was very interested in seeing the decline and fall of a dotcom from the inside . Unfortunately , that was n't what the filmakers thought they were filming . They thought it was going to be an inside look at a buff , young entreprenuer who makes an empire worth billions during the dotcom boom . They did n't seem to care much about showing how the company operated and what it 's plan to make money was . It 's almost as if during filming they viewed the company 's success as a guarantee and what they really just wanted to do a personality piece on Kaleil so in the future others could look back at the life of an industrial giant . In the process , they squandered the opportunity for the real story -LRB- which was the fall of the company and why -RRB- . That makes watching the documentary very frustrating , to be so close to the real story but miss it all . -LRB- but they manage to capture some stuff suitable for a Kaleil fitness workout video ... how fascinating -RRB- . I give it 2 stars because there are a few interesting bits in there . And the personality of the CEO -LRB- or , `` co-CEOs '' -RRB- is part of the story I wanted to see , but I was looking for something more . Who were they hiring and why ? How were they choosing to spend the VC money ? What milestones had they set and did they reach any of them ? How were they going to stave off competition ? Maybe they just did n't have executive staff meetings , or maybe the camera was n't interested/invited . My poor rating speaks more about the filmakers than the subject matter itself . As for Kaleil and Tom , I found both of them loathesome and fake , even worse than I expected . They seemed genuinely clueless about what to do after raising VC money . Almost as if rasing the money was the real success and the rest would just fall into place after that . In all honesty , Kaleil seemed to do his job ... raise money and be a face guy . But who 's responsibility was it to make the company work ? We never get to see.In the end , you will laugh remembering the early co-founder who was `` bought out '' -LRB- driven out -RRB- for $ 700,000 . Was this the guy who was going to make it all work ? What skills did they lose when they played their hand against him ? -LRB- unfortunately , that is not answered -RRB- . The other founders thought they were cutting him out , but as it turns out he got the only parachute . Ironic .
 Although it is not a good movie it is a lot of fun to watch the whole artificial thing fail . Vanity and greed are the orders of the day , culminating in the moment when KIT has his `` best friend from college '' -LRB- read
 First off , this is a horrid `` documentary '' . A little narration would have gone a LONG way.I gave it two stars because I thought it made a good dark comedy . These guys are living characatures.Let 's be honest about this
 As far as documentaries go , this one is n't very good . I was expecting to see a film on the rise and fall of an internet company . Instead , I got CEO and buddy yell into a phone . I was very disappointed not to find out about the day-to-day operations of the company , what the 200 + employees did all day while Kaleil was meeting with VC 's , or why they waited until the night before the launch to first test their site -LRB- sheesh , no wonder the business failed -RRB- . Even knowing WHO the employees were would have been nice . Otherwise , it makes Kaleil and Tom 's talk of being a family , not a company , sound hollow.Even for what it was trying to do , by focusing on the two founders and their relationship , it did n't do very well . There was so much I did n't know about Tom and Kaleil , no background information was given other than they had known each other since high school . Where did they go to college ? We find out Kaleil left his investment banking job to work on govworks.com but what did Tom do before ? How did Kaleil come up with the idea of a website to pay parking tickets ? Who were the other founders and what were their roles in the company and relationship with Kaleil and Tom ? Why should we care about these guys ? I quickly found myself not caring about them , their company , or thier dog.This could have been a good documentary if the directors had been more focused . So much was left unexplained , I was more confused at the end then enlightened - not a good sign for a documentary . I give it 2 stars , one for Tom 's daughter -LRB- very cute little girl -RRB- and one for giving me a chance to laugh at two of the fools who ruined our previously healthy economy .
 At the outset , I should note there is very likely a subset of the movie watching market that will enjoy this film , I just do n't fit into it . The movie is a comic/horror type , with unabashedly over the top jokes and infantile humor . Everything is exaggerated ; the characters are ridiculous modifications of normal people . For example , one of the actresses is a 20ish female who plays the role of a 45 y/o jewish woman ; she speaks with a painfully overemphasized nasal annoyance , goes on about her bunyons , etc. . Its not funny , its annoying . Then there 's the girl who urinates on everything . Let 's not forget the sophomoric sexual jokes ; every scene has some absurd sexual component that again , is just so over the top that its annoying . If you 're a fan of slap stick humor , you may enjoy this . Of note , this was shot partly at the Bloodview haunted house in Broadview Heights , OH -LRB- and , I 'm a bit ashamed to admit I recognize anything in Cleveland , OH -RRB- . Despite the song , Cleveland most certainly does n't rock .
 This is bad . Your typical no-budget video installation from hell project featuring bad lighting , sound that came from the mic on the camera most likely , a script -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- written on the back of a gum wrapper , and acting that goes from bad to even worse over the course of the movie.For all newcomers to the Chris Seaver -LRB- his fanbase probably only registers double-digits -RRB- he 's the bad Troma wannabe filmmaker who think that all there is to Troma is blood , gore and boobies . And maybe he 's right . But Troma does it better than anyone else and apparently they 've rejected Chris Seaver 's work ranging from his `` Heather & Puggly Drops A Deuce '' deal to his proposed `` Sgt.Kabukiman sequel '' to his now delayed `` Dolphin Man '' movie . Troma clearly does n't want to work with this guy * hint * hint * So now Seaver is distributing his work through a company even poorer than Troma , Tempe Entertainment , which deals in soft porn.And that is what this film is ... bad splatter gore soft porn that does n't have enough T&A ; to satisfy the porn crowd and does n't have enough ` horror ' to truly qualify as a scary movie . So why are you watching this movie ? Hopefully , the answer is
 For years I heard all about this film and how it was so `` scary & disturbing '' . Not long ago I actually saw it and was so BORED by it I fell asleep and did n't even bother to finish this garbage.This is perhaps the Most overrated movie of all time , full of cheesy special effects and a typcial hollywood ending . I find NOTHING compelling about the storyline and demonic posession in general . In fact , its one of the most rediculous surviving medieval superstitions that was used to explain mental illness and psychosis.The fact that people were actually scared by it and just go 's to show how gullible the masses are .
 other parts were just stupid . very lame and tedious movie .
 I saw this movie last night for the very first time and i must say that it is not anything special . It is okay , but it is not the best . The Exorcism of Emily Rose -LRB- 2005 -RRB- has much more feel than this Exorcist . Oh , in the end , both Preachers die but the young girl lives , and her demons leave her body due to the exorcism that is performed on her.If you want to see a really scary film ; the only one i recommend which i think is very nice and highly worth it is a movie titled , `` Carrie '' with actress Sissy Spacek . That is a Classic ! A beautiful story with a Tragic ending . The final parts are sad but what a movie . Even the flute music is beautiful , very touching to the soul . Carrie is a film that i would watch again and again .
 Both the case and the disc , as well as the listing of this DVD on Amazon 's description , read that the film is presented in Wide-Screen and Dual-Layer , NEITHER ARE TRUE ! The exact same misrepresentation on both the case and the disc also goes for All the other releases on DVD . WARNER BROTHERS ARE DISTRIBUTION FAILURES . There has YET to be a Wide-Screen presentation of `` The Exorcist '' , hell even `` Harold and Maude '' -LRB- a truly awful film -RRB- is presented in Wide-Screen format and better remastering , so why not the classic of classics ? because Warner Brothers is GARBAGE
 when i heard of the exorcist movie , i was expecting a scary movie like my friends told me , but they were exaggerating a lot!this movie was n't scary at all.i heard people were so disgusted with it , probably because of how horrible the movie actually was!i would n't be surprised if people back in the 70 's thought this movie was gross because of the effects , that 's why many people liked it.now in days , this movie looks like nothing special.scariest movie ever made , huh , yeah right .
 ` The Exorcist ' is a really silly movie . Who in the 21st century believes in devils and demons , and who would actually be scared by such nonsense ? Why has the devil decided to possess this little girl ? Why does n't the devil possess somebody powerful so he can influence other people and take over the world ? What is the devil trying to achieve by taking over the little girl ? The movie does n't answer such important questions.A lot of the movie is just shock value . There is no substance underneath . In 1973 this may have been scary , but now it looks ridiculous . Hopefully , trash like this can disappear and be forgotten over time .
 Horror movies have many purpopes the directer of this film must of thought it is just to gross and disturb you it actually is sopposed to scare entertain excite you and let you have fun i really do not like movies that disturb you . this movie is not a classic at all the specail effects are out dated the whole movie was basicly a cheezy but disturbing movie that is not a horror movie .
 OK , I would say this is the worst movie ever , but Blade Runner , A Clockwork Orange and In The Name of the King have those titles . There is no background for the old guy in the beginning . We do n't know why the demon selected this particular child . The younger priest that first meets the possessed chick does n't even try to do it himself first before bringing in the other guy -LRB- again , no real explanation -RRB- . The self sacrifice at the end is empty and really did n't have any value -LRB- they left nothing behind as far as we know -RRB- . The detective is a joke , provides absolutely no value to the story . Only watch if you enjoy movies that provide absolutely no entertainment value .
 When I first saw this film by director William Friedkin as a child in 1980 , I could n't help but laugh at the absurdity of its plot and theme . The notion that psychiatrically deranged peoples are somehow possessed by evil spirits and need the blessings of a witch doctor to be healed seemed ridiculous even then.Apart from its preposterous theme , the film 's plot is a nonsensical sequence of outdated shock images and little else . First of all , Pazuzu is a Babylonian diety that has nothing to do with biblical lore other than the Christian Church demonizing it to make itself look saintly and paganism evil . Even if Pazuzu were a demon , why did he choose to incarnate himself into Linda Blair
 I 've always found this unwatchable , really . One of the big films of that decade , it has two elements , one social realist and the other fantastical , neither complimentary in this case . The scene where Burnstyn begs the priest for help is powerful and I would have been up for a straight drama about his life . It would have meant zero bucks at the box office , but a clearer conscience for everyone . Instead , we get supernatural scenes that are camp and curiously uninvolving , even uninteresting despite the extremities . While I appreciate the theme of Christian sacrifice , I just do n't think horror is Friedkin 's forte - see ` The Guardian ' . His hokey attempts to unsettle the audience with interjected glimpses of the demon betrays his lack of touch with this sort of material . For me , it is too silly.I would swear Friedkin 's voiceover was some sort of post modern joke if I had not been reliably informed by those in the know that Americans have no sense of irony . I also base this on the final conversation between the priest and the detective . Naively , I thought the film reference was a re-assuring nod to the audience and a sly reminder of what used to pass for cinema before more jaded palates prevailed . Friedkin offers a more pedestrian reason for it 's inclusion . I think the sleaziest moment in his commentary is his obvious glee at Burnstyn 's ascent up the stairs for the crucifix scene . He showed his true colours and the lack of integrity inherent in this sordid commercial enterprise . Surprisingly , for all the boorish , long winded banality of his personality , Bill is a sure hand with actors ; although I ca n't see the point of the priest 's conversation on the stairs superceding the original 's silence , especially as he had given perfectly reasonable aesthetic reasons for it 's exclusion in the first place . I 'm being disingenuous , of course . Two versions mean more money . It 's still dispiriting that an artist is so willing to disavow his judgement at the drop of a hat , or in this case , cheque book.Max Von Sydow takes a well earned holiday from the existential bleakness of Bergman by getting vomited on by the devil . At least I thought it was the devil . The voice over tells me that it was in fact a demon which I 'm unable to spell , offhand . Suffice to say , it is a cross between the act of urination and two trips to a place they keep animals.A parting thought . Why is it that film characters always seem to have out of body experiences during dream sequences ?
 When Exorcist hit the big screen in the seventies , audiences around the nation waited in lines around the block to get into theatres everywhere . This movie revolted , facsinated , and flat out scared the hell out of them , and most of them loved it ! The rest either fled the theatre in sheer terror , or became sick , and went home to turn on all the lights , and head straight for church the next AM . Wow . What a movie , and a stroke of brilliant filmmaking , to get an audience to behave as such . There are many subtle scenes that may escape those who only want to see head spinning and green pea soup . Such as the young priest 's disturbing dreams about his mother . Young Regan fooling around with an Ouija Board , or the nasty demonic visage that keeps popping it 's face throughout the possessed house . Regan eventually transforms into one of the most terrifying monsters in cinematic history . Her possessed 12 yr . old girl character is demonic , vile and pure evil . One can almost feel the chill in her room , or smell her repulsiveness . Dr. Billy Graham himself admitted that the film had a sense of real evil to it . The reason it scares us is fear of the unknown . If one is strictly an atheist , then it is sheer nonsense . But if one has faith in God , or any gods , then possession is a VERY real reality . The fact that the film 's screenplay was based on a real story that happened in the Midwest in the fifties , only adds to the sense of dread and terror that one feels alone at night after viewing this movie . Throughout history , and in the Bible there are many mentions of demonic possession . If these instances werent mere seizures , or mental illness , then perhaps the horror that Linda Blair portrays is chillingly real .
 The idea that demons might possess an innocent or seemingly innocent soul and cause them to do all sorts of terrible things might be a chilling premise , but such a portrayal itself does not a scary movie make . Most movies that purport to be scary are often not as bad as their reputation , and this movie is one of them.I found myself mostly annoyed at this movie and hoping that they would get it over with in regard to the exorcism . I ca n't understand how it would make one afraid of going into a dark place , for example , as good scary movies often do . There 's nothing in the plot that suggests that darkness itself is a refuge for evil or danger . If anything , it suggests that you are not in danger unless you are alone with someone possessed -LRB- which would be obviously visible from their illness -RRB- , and the possessed person has already warned you that you shall die . Nor does it give things from the perspective of the possessed person herself.The greatest emotion I felt was not fear but frustration -- mostly at the slow moving pace of things . The title of film in this case gives away the plot more completely than usual .
 O.K. Folks heads up!We all know your buying this versionfor the famous spider walk scene , do n't blame you it is agreat scene but you can see that scene also in the 25thanniv . edit.The 25th addition has that scene and everyother scene that was not shown in the theatrical versionon the flip side of the disc.Also like to point out that it has scenes not shown in the version you never seen.Also the 25thanniv . edit.Has interviews with the writer , director specialfx dept.and most of all the actors over 75 min.of it!Alsoyou get a whole lot more trailers too!This version is outbecause Blatty really did not like the ending of the orig.He thought the ending was a downer -LRB- hello ! it 's a horror movie -RRB- and wanted this more upbeat ending with the detective and thepriest -LRB- no thank you this is not the 30 's where you always hadto have a happy ending-I do n't like happy endings in horrorfilms , just like I do n't like horror endings in comedies -RRB- So ifyou really love this movie , or are a horror fanatic like me , andalways have to slide your fingers across your perfect titleslike me , have your fingers hit the 25th annv.and not this.Itshould be called the version you do n't need to see.Amazonhas the 25th ANNIV.FOR SALE STILL -LRB- THANK GOD ! YOU GUYS ROCK -RRB- Butwho knows for how long.So please buy it now and stay away from this!NOTE THE ONE STAR IS FOR BLATTY 'S VERSION!I GIVE 5 STARSFOR THE DIRECTOR FRIEDKEN 'S VERSION THE 1973 EXORCIST IS ONEOF THE BEST OF ALL TIME NO HORROR COLL.IS COMPLETE WITHOUTIT.REMEMBER THE 25th addition , you have been warned !
 I do n't think that I ever saw the Exorcist fully until I saw this version in the theaters and now I wonder what 's the point ? I do n't know what scenes were re-added , but I 'm betting that the one with the mother being committed to the mental ward was there as it completely CONTRADICTS the next scene where the priest 's mother is supposed to have died in her apartment and no one questions when they released her from the hospital.Besides that this is a movie that 's supposed to be menacing but falls flat . A 12-year old girl swears and pukes . Now I 'm not a fifth grade teacher but I do n't see what 's so scary about that . By the time the wacky Jesuits come a-calling the movies been going on for almost 2 hours and you just want it to end.That 's not to say that this movie is worthless . It did inspire a really cool Angel episode . But it 's dated . You can almost get out your pen and start writing an essay about working parents worried that their kids are going to turn out to be bums/hippies on a scene-by-scene basis.By the way , I know I am committing horror movie blasphemy here but I really liked the sequel with George C. Scott and Brad Douriff as the demon-possessed priest . That was Exorcist III . It was just great to see Scott and Douriff face off against each other although I do n't remember a thing about the plot except it had something to do with the demon-possessed priest and a serial killer and George C. Scott was way scarier than any demon from hell .
 A modestly entertaining , well-made thriller that has somehow managed to tap into the collective unconscious in a way that few movies ever have.I found the film to be occasionally disturbing -LRB- never once actually frightening -RRB- and generally convinced that it had something serious to say about GOOD and EVIL . What exactly it is that the film has to say about GOOD and EVIL is never exactly made clear . The anniversary edition of the DVD features interviews with William Friedkin and William Peter Blatty , who speak in hushed tones about the conception/execution of the film , as if they were discussing the creation of some deep and profound work of art . However , all of their best intentions/pretensions can not disguise the fact that The Exorcist is , in the final analysis , a deeply silly little horror movie , with nothing really important or especially very interesting to say.Still , there are a couple of good jolts , though ...
 I bought this `` classic '' expecting to be at least mildly frightened.What a let down , it was REALLY boring and the `` scary '' parts were anything but .
 Why the fifth power you ask ? Because that 's how many times I threw up after watching it . This is the only movie that 's ever made me physically ill , and quite frankly , I did n't mind at all . It 's totally awesome .
 This movie is extremely overrated . It moves tooslowly . Regan -LRB- who 's scared of a 12 year old ? -RRB- is more funny than scarywith her outbursts . For those of you who find it so scary , you obviously have n't seen many horror movies . Amityville 2
 Undoubtedly one of the most horrifying films ever made , but one of the most terrifying ? Nah !!! Almost everything that could be said about this cinematic milestone has long come to pass . I 've just dropped by to impress upon all the prospective buyers of this masterpiece to stick with the original . For the lucky ones out there who have yet to experience this film , STICK WITH THE ORIGINAL . The New Director 's Cut , while having a superior sound mix , falters in comparison . With the exception of the now famous SPIDER WALK , the re-edit takes away the mystique . For the uninitiated , Mr. Friedkin does n't let the experience creep up on you , instead -LRB- & I would guess it 's aimed at the ever-shortening attention span of the younger film-going public -RRB- he bashes you over the head with it . Dommage ...
 I love this movie and was very disappointed at the way they had to mettle with the movie . When will Hollywood not fix something that was great ? Thank God they could not colorize `` Casablanca ''
 Frankly , I think this movie is overrated . I did n't think it was horrible , but I thought it was really slow , and totally based around shock , vulgarity , and disgust , and not around an interesting plot . To each their own I guess , but I do n't see what all of the hype is about . I personally think The Omen is a much better movie than this , but hey , just my opinion .
 For decades , I avoided watching `` the scariest movie ever made '' because of all the hype promoting this film as such . Obviously , for me and everyone else who WAS N'T scared to death , this was an enormous letdown . I really expected to be traumatized to the point of needing therapy based on the reviews ; at the least , cover my face while screaming or forever sleep with the lights on . While this movie had plenty of graphic language and visuals , it was n't scary as much as gross and profane . Of course , one does n't expect Satan to play nice and whisper sweet nothings , but the focus on excessive vulgarity rather than truly frightening elements was ridiculous and gratuitous . Satan manifests as a perverse sadist with a filthy mouth more than a horrifying entity . The script was weak and the acting poor . I actually laughed when the possessed Regan grabbed the priest 's crotch during the exorcism . While the transformation of a young girl into an ugly & evil being was bizarre , a horror movie has to be more than extreme makeup and gore to freak me out . Unknown and unseen evil trumps over-the-top special effects . In fifty years , I 've yet to experience a single spinning head , blood-thirsty vampire , zombie invasion , demon possession or paranormal activity . But I 've heard odd noises , driven down desolate roads , passed creepy abandoned buildings and seen strange people , all of which were eerie . I know , it 's only entertainment and opinions/tastes can be highly subjective . While many think this movie is the # 1 ultimate horror film , for me it did n't live up to it 's reputation . Vulgar and gross , yes . Utterly terrifying ? A resounding NO !
 This is one of the most overrated horror films -LRB- beside Night Of The Living Dead -RRB- . It 's dull and silly , and not scary at all.If you want to see real essential horror films , then watch The Evil Dead , Phantasm , Basket Case or The Thing , they are MUCH BETTER than this junk .
 I THOUGHT THIS MOVIE WAS VERY STUPID I EVEN SAW THE DIRECTORS CUT I SAW IT LAST YEAR IT WASNT EVEN SCARY COMPARED TO ALL THE OTHER HORROR MOVIES I HAVE SEEN PEOPLE WHO HAVE NOT SEEN THIS MOVIE DONT WATCH IT DONT WAYSTE YOUR MONEY AND I WAS ONLY 12 WHEN I SAW IT
 I brought the special edition on video just because it might scare me and I thought half of the movie was n't scary . There were just a bit few scenes that were scary and those scenes are the Spiderwalk scene and the scene were the girl 's head is twisting . I thought this horror movie was dumb and it did n't even scare me . I thought it was kind of funny actually because in the movie Scary Movie 2 they make fun of this movie and that 's why it did n't scare me . It does have good acting , best special effects . But the whole movie was n't scary and it did n't give me nightmares . So if you plan on seeing this movie you wo n't get scared . I guess back in the old days in the late 70 's everybody was scared when they saw this movie but it did n't scare me . If you want to see a good horror flick go see The Others .
 I 've never seen the original Exorcist movie . But I am into scary movies . So hubby bought this movie for me . It is interesting to watch in the beginning . But it goes on for ever with the boring talking . Hubby said that 's all add on . They have , suppose to be , scare faces popping out in some scenes . It makes the movie look stupid . I wish I got the chance to watch the original version . This version of the movie was too boring and stupid .
 Ifn this is the scariest movie , then people are scared really , really easy . Disney 's `` Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad '' is scarier than this . This is a long movie , that could be shortened to half an hour and be sufficient . Only scary if you 're highly catholic .
 THE EXORCIST , the saddest and most disgustingly bad movie of all time , is the classic story of a young girl , Regan , whom through a Squeegy Board , becomes posessed by Satan . The film is supposedly based on a True Story about a young boy , whom in 1949 , became posessed . That is unconfirmed.MY REVIEW : `` I hate this movie with a passion because it is so evil , and only a devil worshiper would love this movie and want to watch again and again . It is the ultimate evil you can find in this world . The scary thing about it is , is that this movie is based on a true story . NOW DO N'T GET ME WRONG
 Stupid!Stupid!Stupid ! Dumb , pointless hard to watch without falling asleep . Bad acting.This has to be the worst movie ever !!
 I was astounded / offended when I heard this idiot refer to Gonzalo Gavira - the sound effects creator - as a `` Mexican peasant with no shoes '' in the accompanying documentary ` The Fear of God ' . Mr. Gavira - to whom much of the film 's success is owned - worked in more than 100 films both in Mexico and abroad up until 2004 , less than a year before his untimely death , and ` The Exorcist ' is just one more example of his brilliant talents as an artist -LRB- in fact , sound effects are known in the Mexican trade as `` Gaviras '' , in honor of his creativity -RRB- . And FYI Friedkin
 When i saw this movie i thouhgt it would scare me to death but when i saw it it didnt scare me it was so stupid i dont like the part when she barfed on him and when she put her tounge out it is nasty wou should not get this movie .
 I think when I was really young , I remember a few snippets from this film as my parents and I went to the drive-in to see this film . Because I was so young , I could probably be easily scared . So , most of my life , I hear people saying that this is the scariest horror film ever made . So , I 've avoided watching this film ever again because I do n't really like horror films anyway.But , I did watch it again today , 38 years later , and all I can say is that , it 's not so scary . If anything , if I could keep myself from being bored , I found it laughable , at best.It really dragged more than I could stand . Heck , of the first 50 minutes of this film , I find that over 95 percent of that time , the build-up scenes were scarcely irrelevant . And of the whole film , a good half of the film could have been cut because so much of this story was so vaguely irrelevant ! My wife never seen or heard of this film in her country when she was young , so she went to bed about an hour into the film because she got bored . I told her that I was going to tough it out , because I do remember something frightening about this film , so I was going to wait for it . Well , when it was all over , I took the DVD out , turned off the DVD player , and then walked away with a mild smirk and chuckle.I think the original `` Stepford Wives '' -LRB- 1975 -RRB- was scarier than this film .
 Being an Exorcist fan for over 20 years , I had waited anxiously for The Exorcist 25th Anniversary Edition . Unfortunately upon watching the tape , I found myself angered that Warner Home Video did n't care enough to place a knowledgable team who completely knows this film in charge of the video 's production.First of all , the `` 3 original trailers '' boasted on the video 's packaging is incorrect . The very first trailer -LRB- which yours truly saw in 1973 -RRB- is n't on the tape ! Furthermore , one of two -LRB- yes `` two '' not `` three '' -RRB- trailers is actually a trailer from the 1978/79 rerelease ! Additionally , there were television spots from 1973/74 which were different than the theatre trailers that Warner could have used -LRB- I suspect they do n't even know these TV spots exist -RRB- , but did not.Secondly , when the film was rereleased in 1978/79 -LRB- I saw this rerelease the day Dawn of the Dead was also released -RRB- it deleted what I feel to be a crucial few seconds from the movie
 In the not so distant past Linda Blair indicated that a certain addition of The Exorcist also had a special feature regarding how they did some of the scenes . I mistakenly thought this was that addition . It is not .
 I 've heard it thousands of times , The Exorcist is the scariest movie of all time . I can tell you right now that I watched it until 2 o ' clock in the morning last night and I could sleep as soon as it was over , even during it at some parts . I saw the new version of it , which I believe had some deleted parts even though it has a few new parts . The spider walk down the stairs followed by blood coming out of her mouth was ok , but not that great . The scariest part was the devil face flashing on the screen when she was becoming possessed , but other than that , I did not think this flick was scary . You guys need to rent a real horror flick , such as the original Evil Dead , now there is a sweet movie .
 I heard this movie was the ultimate of scary but I beg to differ . My mother and my friend told me that it was really scary and I was like ok lets see how it goes . It was completely pathetic . I did n't find one shred of scary in that movie at all . There were some cool parts like the spider thing down the stairs but not scary . It was probably one of the most disappointing scary movies . It may have been scary back then but frankly its as childish as a Disney film now .
 Since I was a kid , I have heard people all over say time and time again that THE EXORCIST is `` one of the scariest movies of all time . '' Well , I 've never been a huge fan of horror , but in order to improve my cinematic horizons , I have been watching a lot of schlock and horror lately and finally viewed THE EXORCIST . My impression
 This is one of those rare instances where I actually read the book before I saw the movie . Blatty 's novel is plenty scary but it is especially great because its uncomplicated and not very long , so impatient hotheads such as myself can actually enjoy reading it . All of the scenes from the book are in the movie , but they 're a lot weaker in comparison . My girlfriend told me it was really long , and I totally agree . just too many long streches . This is yet another horror movie that actually looks worse on dvd . The transfer is to crystal clear . These movies look so much better when there being shown in dark , murky , worn out TV transfers . I thought that part 3 was a lot scarier .
 Fat too many people slow down for a car wreck . What is it that they want to see ? Mangled bodies and blood ? Here we have a young girl masturbating with a crucifix and shouting , `` F *** me ! F *** me ! '' to a priest . Now if that 's your cup of tea , you 'll love this movie . Great performances , excellent atmosphere , and technically proficient , but very sickening . After watching `` The Exorcist '' you may have a desire to take a shower to get clean again .
 Is there anything to be gained from this genre ? As Bishop Sam Aquila wrote in a foreward to Father Jose Antonio Fortea ` sInterview With an Exorcist , * `` Although all Catholics should have a basic understanding of the reality of evil , we should also avoid being overly preoccupied with the topic of the devil . The Evil One is capable of using such a fascination as a means to ensnare us - with despair , fear , or discouragement '' -LRB- p. 3 -RRB- . Right on ! We can be absolutely assured that only God is All Powerful , and He is absolutely victorious over the devil ! In surrendering to God , who loves each and every one of us limitlessly , we find absolute fulfillment and untold happiness.Four decades ago , it appears that the green stuff -LRB- i.e. , the money , not the pea soup -RRB- got the better of the author : * `` while I was working on ` The Exorcist , ' what I thought I was writing was a novel of faith in the popular dress of a thrilling and suspenseful detective story - in other words , a sermon that no one could possibly sleep through -- and to this day I have n't the faintest recollection of any intention to frighten the reader , which many will take , I suppose , as an admission of failure on an almost stupefying , scale ... I do keep wishing ... that ` The Exorcist ' be remembered at this time of the year for being not about shivers but rather about souls , for then it would indeed be in the real and true spirit of Halloween , which is short for the eve of All Hallows or All Saints Day '' -LRB- William Peter Blatty , FoxNews.com < -LSB- ... -RSB- > , 10/28/11 -RRB- That 's great Bill , but what about all that money for the crap which was actually put on film?The simple reality is this
 Beware ! `` The Version You 've Never Seen '' is either a joke or somebody 's colossal mistake . There appear to be scenes left out , at least compared to my memory of the original , which makes the plot frustratingly hard to follow in places . By the end my head was spinning and I was vomiting pea soup . The Exorcist is a great film , definitely five stars , but spend your money on one of the other versions . This turkey is going in the trash instead of to Goodwill ; I 'm not a sadist .
 i previously reviewed this movie , but many fans of the film complained about it . just so you know , i 'm not changing my point of veiw . i 'm just going to write it with more intellegence , or whatever . so this is what i think
 Let 's not get carried away with the 5 star ratings here . I saw this movie when I was about 12 and it did n't scare me then . The re-release bored me to tears . The movie was a bunch of talking and when it was supposed to be scary , it was more funny than anything . As a horror movie , it was decent , but , not the scariest movie of all time . Reading some of the reviews , I wonder who 's getting paid to sell this drivel .
 I must admit that I was intimidated by this film 's reputation and walking in to the cinema I was actually nervous . `` The Excorcist '' came up on the screen in gothic blood red letters and I was frightened . When the film started I was so laughably disappointed that I felt I wasted my money . The whole film is spent thinking ... is this going to be the scary part , is this going to be the scary part etc. . In several parts of this film I found myself in tears laughing , especially whenthe kid is doing some sit-ups on the bed even Big Arnie would be proud of . Inbetween fits of laughter I found time to snigger at the hilariously outdated special effects and the acting ... enough said on that part . After being genuinely frightened by variuos other horror films I found this supposed scariest film ever a total f *** up .
 Okay so we 've been through all this before , the Exorcist is one of the scariest films ever . That much and the fact that Friedkin 's direction was impeccable adds to the charm of this timeless masterpiece.What I 'm really here to talk about is the delays of this so called 25th anniversary edition . I do n't know what 's wrong with it , but it says , first , that it ships 2 to 4 weeks after buying and that it is shipped from and sold by Amazon ... now how could it be that I 've bought it on september 9th 2006 and now , it 's september 27th and they sent me an email telling me I would have to wait until november 26th 2006 to get it ??? They have the stocks so it should be pretty easy . I bought many items from them for well over five years and this situation has never happened before . EVER.It was also mentionned in the email that I would have to confirm the dates by approving them ... but when I decide not to do so , leaving a blank square , I 'm returned to the page so I do n't have any choice but to wait until the October 26th date is passed so that they can cancel it themselves.Amazon executives , I deeply trusted you until now . And this incident did n't happen at the best time , so if you even read this before the first hald of October , delete my order.I do n't want to wait for another three months .
 Ok so I went and saw the Excorcist in the theatre . So someone wan na tell me what the big deal is ? The devil takes over Linda Blairs body and then proceeds to make her puke up green stuff and yell childish insults at priests . So what ? I pissed on my parents carpet when I was a little kid to . The actors seem a little casual about having Satan in the next room . They hang out and sip coffee . Theres even a scene where we see Ellen Burstyn ironing something . `` Gee we have the embodiment of all evil upstairs , so do you take cream in that ? '' . Normally I would let forth a huge string of obscenities but this is the amazon.com page so I will relax on that . I 'm glad I only paid matinee instead the bloated evening show cost . Like I was saying I think that the characters were a little to hoky for their own good . How do you even keep your sanity knowing that the very devil himself is in the next room much less talk on the phone . It would have been more interesting to see the mother tear her house apart and turn it into some sort of holy sanctuary in a fit of insanity . The characters just do n't react the way they should in the face of pure evil . The rest of this hackjob does n't even matter because when you have shoddy characters not a single other element can save it . Maybe the devil convinced people this movie was good ...
 i rented this movie because I heard its scary . At the end of the movie i started laughing because it was not scary at all . it has a good plot , but it has corny graphics and no scary aspects . Bambi made me more scared .
 Being an admirer of `` The Exorcist '' I did n't like `` the version you 've never seen '' at all . They did a great job remastering the picture and sound . But I think the film lost something , something small but very important . It 's like coloring black-and-white pictures , a kind of sacrilege . And the segments they added , added nothing new to the movie . So I will keep the old tape , the original release .
 I was surprised when Warner Bros. actually re-released this movie . I 'd already seen it , but thought I would see it again to find out what was so different . Big deal , there we 're a few different scenes in the movie that the original did not have . This should tell you how outdated this movie is-when I saw it in the theater , There we 're only two other people In there with me . In my opinion , Warner Bros. should have thought twice before re-releasing this one , cause It obviously did n't make any money , the second time around . If you have never seen this movie , it will probably scare you . If you have seen this movie already , do n't bother seeing it again .
 Thought I was buying the DVD instead I was buying it digitally . I realized this immediately , but Amazon does not give you a way to cancel , even though I tried to immediately .
 I just saw this at the theatre -LRB- not sure why -RRB- and it was just as bad as it was the first time I saw it . The only reason this film has any notoriety is because old ladies fainted upon seeing it in 1973 . First of all , the pacing will put you to sleep . I do n't need action every 2 minutes to keep my attention , but why is it that every time there would be any action in this film , the camera is somewhere else ? Example 1
 All my life I have heard about `` The Exorcist '' and how terrifying it was . I recently bought it on dvd and was very disappointed . There were only a couple of interesting scenes involving Linda Blair . The rest was very boring . This movie was probably seen as scary when it first came out , but anyone my age who is 18-24 and grew up watching `` A Nightmare on Elm Street '' , `` Hellraiser '' , `` Phantasm '' , etc , will not like this movie . Im not saying that a horror movie has to be very graphic , because I do like the lesss graphic movies like Bram Stoker 's Dracula and the original Frankenstein , but The Exorcist is not worth your money if you are looking for a good scare . The Exorcist is honestly the most boring movie I have ever seen . If you really want to be scared , check out the Phantasm series - particularly part 3 .
 I bought this movie thinking this must be hella scary since i 've read so many people ranting about it . When it was done i 've never wanted my money back so quickly . Not only did it plod along at a snail 's pace , but the visual 's were NOT scary . `` The Shining '' and `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' were both 10 times better then this sorry excuse for a movie . the story was barely there and the conflict with the priest and his mother was just a worthless side story . in fact this movie feels like just a bunch of side stories without any link or merit . Avoid at ALL costs .
 Being a TRUE horror fan this piece of crap always rubs me the wrong way . What do you sad saps find so scary . Is it the little wan na be devil voices or Pea soup being spewed . Go see a real horror film with real atmosphere . What is there to be scared of anyways a demonic possessed little girl . That 's a pathetic vilian at best . Not only that but She is n't even convincing there is no suspension of disblief . I wanted to like this movie I really did but I ca n't forget all I know about horror and just Conform . For real Scares see a Dario Argento directed movie or just see Henry
 Classic ? Horror ? I do n't think so . I consider myself to be a film buff but I could hardly pay attention to this movie . The effects were comical , I would have laughed if I would n't had been so bored to tears . The plot was ridiculous and the characters were anemic . The most disappointing aspect was its failure to meet the hype . Every time the music began playing and practically nothing would happen , I 'd get angry at the director for wasting the music , which could have been this movie 's only saving grace . I was sorely disappointed . Do n't believe the hype .
 I know that everyone thinks that the exorcist is the best film ever made , but now I have seen it , I think that it is complete & utter CRAP !!! I was really looking forward to seeing it because of what I had heard about it , but when I finally saw it , I found it disappointing & not scary at all , and I saw the uncut version and I am only 13 !!!
 I just do n't understand the avid adoration of this film ! It 's right up there with the over-rated `` Amityville Horror '' ... neither one of these films is scary or even necessarily watchable . Yes I watched it alone . And at night . I was bored out of my mind.It 's graphic . It 's necessarily rated R. It 's about a little girl who gets posessed for some reason that no one wants to share with us . And um ... that 's about it.The makeup and special effects are laughably bad and have n't stood up well to time -- maybe people think this was good for the 70 's ? I 've seen better from back then . I 'm old!Why is a fake rotating head scary ? I know this film is from the 70 's . I know it 's a `` classic '' . I know Avacado was a really popular color back then , but PLEASE people , vomit is rarely -- if ever -- bright green . And I 'm still trying to figure out why a demon would make a kid pee on the floor . What does that have to do with ANYTHING ? Why is that scary ?!! I do n't feel anything for these characters . What did this kid do to get posessed in the first place ? I 'm pretty sure it does n't happen like that ... do n't you have to invite that sort of thing on yourself ? Why do people always assume that demons care what religion you are ? That demons would care about religious stuff at all for that matter ? I think 99 % of this film was done for shock value which is the ONLY reason it 's a cult classic.Please , for the love of God , watch the original 1960 's version of `` Psycho '' or `` The Changeling '' or `` Jaws '' ... just watch something else ! There are so many other good movies that are worth watching.As for me , I want my two hours back .
 `` The Exorcist '' scared me so mucht that it was hard to sleep at night . The movie was too scary to be enjoyable . It is fun to watch movies that are scary , but have some comical or entertaining moments . This movie was just plain horrific violence . What was the point of this film ? To prove that devils can get inside peoples ' bodies and turn them into evil , dispicable , deplorable , and gory half human half demon beings ? I 'm a Catholic , and I have read in the Bible that this has happened . But , what is the point of watching this movie , just to make you sleepless at night and worrying if the devil will enter your body ? I did n't watch the whole film . Maybe there was something in there that explained more detail about it . If so , then I apologize for being so critical of the movie . But if not , I say stick with films that are scary , but still have meaning , like `` Cape Fear '' or `` The Hand That Rocks the Cradle '' or `` Misery '' . Or , if you 're a horror fan , stick with `` The Shining '' .
 I do n't see what 's so scary about this movie . Maybe it 's because I 'm an athiest that this does n't scare me like I was assured it would . Everyone I know and countless reviews have said that this was the scariest movie ever , and I was really letdown when it was just a long , boring , and frankly silly Christian flick . I also read that it might offend you if it did n't scare you . This movie did n't bother me in any way , aside from making me sleepy . It was the same story with Rosemary 's Baby , another big letdown for me . I almost do n't want to see The Omen for fear of another dissappointment . Once again , I 'm an athiest , so this might be scarier for a religous person . That 's all I have to say about that .
 `` The Exorcist '' was the scariest thing I 've ever seen , and I 've seen quite a bit . Now , I love to watch fun horror films , the kind that scare you but also give you quite a bit of entertainment , and even some humor . But , `` The Exorcist '' did no such thing . The film was way too scary to even entertain . All of the disgusting blood and the nonsensical devil spirit made the movie far too gross and horrific . Plus , the story did n't seem to be going anywhere . I admit I could be wrong . Maybe the story begins to get better . I only saw a little bit of it . Alas , the little bit I saw left me so frightened and disgusted that I did n't want to see anymore . For those of you who love scary movies , even if they are n't intellectually stimulating and entertaining , see this movie . But , for those of you who enjoy fun , suspenseful , intellectually stimulating and yet still horrific films , see something like `` Cape Fear '' instead .
 2 of 5 stars for the action-adventure movie Sharpshooter . Sigh , I had high expectations for this movie based on the trailer and the opening scenes . In the opening , a former CIA hitman is doing a hostage rescue from two high speed cars rolling thru a desert somewhere in the middle-east . Starting with only a high-power rifle , he starts the ambush . A very impressive setup and execution . From there it all went wrong . The hitman character is toally flat and 2-dimensional . Trying to achieve a rigid army-like character , the actor achieves a total boring , do n't care , uninteresting character . Our hitman is talked into taking one more job before he retires . As he starts to plan the hit we get the feeling all is not right . Yep , after he hits the target , `` they '' will hit him . Frankly , the action ai n't so good ; the characters are bland and do n't care . For a movie with potential , this turned out badly . Do n't waste your time .
 hi , it has n't been sent yet . still waiting for dvd . must be VERY SLOW .
 I honestly believe this is one of the worst movie that I have ever seen . It is not worth seeing or renting . Colin Firth was great !!!! But I did n't find this movie humerously romantic like his other previous films `` What a girl wants '' .
 Do not waste your money in this movie . The story is flawless , there is no chemistry between the main characters and their acting is terrible . There are gaps in the story and the viewer just can not find any interest in any character main or secondary . Minnie Driver 's acting is decent but she can not save the movie by her own .
 Boring . Yawnfest . Fist-crashingly bad writing.I could go on.I think I will ... Lame characters . Terrible use of music . -LRB- WHO decided to use that terrible remake of `` I 'm Not in Love '' ? -RRB- Waste of Firth . Small thank you to Oliver Platt for -LRB- once again -RRB- being the only good thing in a veddy bad movie.The . Plot . Barely . Moves.I dare anyone to give a rat 's patoot which of the two boring females boring British protagonist chooses.Hackneyed use of `` charming , oafish , quirky East-coast Americans . `` Skip it .
 I recently rented this DVD , assuming that with Colin Firth and Minnie Driver , it must be good . I wondered why I had never heard of it , and now , after watching it , I know why
 I like Colin Firth and Minnie Driver ... . in other movies . They are both wasted in this movie , which asks us to suspend rational thought to such an extreme extent that when something actually happens in the plot , the viewer could care less.Skip this one . Watch something else .
 Like many others who have reviewed this movie , I can say that I am a huge fan of Colin Firth and Minnie Driver . Why they are in this poorly written , poorly edited movie is beyond me . Heather Graham is perfectly cast for this B movie ; her acting abilities are on a par with the rest of what is going on here.The characters are flat , many of them are just poor characterizations -LRB- Mary Steenburgen is just embarassing as the hotel manager with the fake Maine accent ... painful to watch . -RRB- and they are all unbelievable.I watched it all the way through and wished I had n't . Save your money and get this one out of the library if you have to try it out .
 This film was incredibly painful to watch . Boring , boring , boring . The storyline was ridiculous and the acting was contrived and terrible . What a waste !
 This film is unwatchable -- and the only question is what talented actors like Colin Firth and Minnie Driver are doing in this insipid hack job.When it comes to dialogue , not a single word rings true . None of the characters make any sense at all . They are reading lines and getting into situations that are so dull , and so ridiculously unbelievable , that one wonders if the film were written by a group of typing monkeys who happened to hit letters that formed words , rather than a cognizant human being.We could n't get through it , as it was clearly outside the realm of possibility that the clueless writer-director could ever have his characters do anything that anyone else on the planet would care about . I see that view validated by the other reviewers with more persistence who watched this thing until the end.It 's amazing he ever got funding for this ultimate turkey !
 I idiotilcy got this DVD because of Colin Firth , and , as you can see , it sucks . BTW , this is not `` Prasadjonnalagadda '' but rather his daughter , he just comes to buy crap , but NEVER reads the reviwes . Anyways , I had better time watching a syndicated Simpsons ' episode than watching this bomb . At first , I thought that this movie might 've had some potential because of the suberb stars
 I am an unapologetic Colin fan -LRB- much to my husband 's chagrin -RRB- but even I feel the need to apologize for this one . If you can not wait for Love Actually or Girl w/a Pearl Earring -LRB- the DVD is gon na be cooler than the movie with the ` lost ' scenes from the book that a lot of us `` firth-ites '' were looking for ! but I digress ! -RRB- you would be much better served by purchasing some of the lesser-known films of Firth ! Go get Fever Pitch -LRB- order from amazon.canada to get the more tastefull cover -RRB- or A Month in the Country w/Ken Brannaugh -LRB- bonus ! -RRB- or if you are intrepid , obtain an Hour of the Pig/Advocate -LRB- both titles are the same movie . Even the absurd fantastical Mike Binder film Londinium/Fourplay is better.The problem is the book is quirky and a great deal of changes were made from book to screenplay . Things get muddled and the principle explanation for why he chose America is lost . Plus , to make the town in to Hope they lost the New Cardiff-old Cardiff Vera connection that explains out a lot more of the ridiculous points.Let 's all hope that Richard Curtis does a better translation of BJ2 Edge of Reason ... since missing from BJD was the whole rescue/Pride & Prejudice parallel with Darcy saving the family from disgrace . It would have been awesome ! -LRB- Colin quite literally going around the world for you ending up with a chase where he 's all unkempt and dishevelled ... mmm -RRB- Anyways ... I own this disc and have watched more than once . It really is very fluffy and silly . But since my collection also incudes Master of the Moor and Apartment Zero , I 'm going for the complete over quality thing . Bottom line is Colin is always awesome even when paired with Heather Graham.To sum up
 I watched this movie because it has Colin Firth , whom I fondly remember as being the first Mr. Darcy in a production of Jane Austen 's `` Pride and Prejudice '' who ever managed to make the transition from snob to heartthrob over the course of the story . Firth made a trio of pretty good movies in 2003 , from the cute `` What a Girl Wants , '' to the sublime `` Girl with a Pearl Earring , '' and the romantic `` Love Actually . '' That same year he made `` Hope Springs , '' and if you are wondering why you did not hear much about this film it is because most people who see it are not going to want to admit the fact.The story , such as it is , finds Colin Ware -LRB- Fifth -RRB- , an English artist who was jilted by his girlfriend deciding for reasons that passeth understanding to flee to the small town of Hope , Vermont . There he will draw charcoal portraits of the men and women there while he forgets her . Helping Colin with this quest is Mandy -LRB- Heather Graham -RRB- , who is a bit strange and is drawn to jump around naked in front of him . Just as Colin becomes comfortable with Mandy , his ex-girlfriend Vera -LRB- Minnie Driver -RRB- arrives in town . Apparently Colin was not really jilted , so now we have a love triangle where the only problem is that we have no real reason to have a voting interest in any of the characters.What makes this so remarkable is that `` Hope Springs '' is based on the novel `` New Cardiff '' by Charles Webb , who wrote the novel `` The Graduate . '' It has been over three decades since the celebrated film version of `` The Graduate '' was produced and the only other novel of Webb 's to make it to the screen was the 1971 bomb `` The Marriage of a Young Stockbroker . '' But then Hollywood is full of stories of people for whom lightning did not strike twice and with this film Webb threatens to be the poster boy for such unfortunate souls.The film is set in a Vermont town that has the most boring collection of New England eccentrics we have probably ever seen on screen . Both Mary Steenburgen and Oliver Platt are wasted in supporting roles , but then the same can be said for Firth , Graham and Driver . The only reason to like Colin the character is because we like Colin the actor , since there is nothing to warrant our attraction to the character in this film beyond his sense of befuddlement . When the best jokes in a film have to do with Catharine Zeta-Jones and smoking on a golf course , you know things are in bad shape . When you get to the point where you are supposed to get teary eyed and you yawn instead , you know this film can sink no lower . It is not so much that this is a bad film as it is that it is just not good.Will Colin choose Mandy or Vera ? I do not care and can not think of much reason for anybody else to care as well . Maybe this film would have done better if it had a cast of nobodies instead of recognizable names who squander the good will they have built up in other films . For example , I have seen Graham do a nude scene in another film , so when she does one in which we never really see anything it just seems strange , which does set the town for the rest of this disjointed film . When Driver shows up it is impossible to believe that she and Firth ever had any chemistry . It is a good thing that Firth had those other films in the can by the time this one was released . If you have three pretty good films in one year that is pretty good , even if there is a bomb like this in the mix.The bottom line is that I saw this movie so that you do not have to . If you like Colin Firth then I would tell you to go check out `` Girl with a Pearl Earring , '' because that is probably the one you missed given its box office receipts and it is a gem of a film . This one is just a disappointing , boring mess .
 You may not know the original writer Charles Webb , or his book ` New Cardiff ' on which this romantic comedy is based . Actually , he wrote the original book of ` The Graduate ' which made one Dustin Hoffman many years ago . But the wit and irony found in the classic is not to be found here . It 's just lamentably ... dull.Dull is the word . Well , things happen , but not credible way . Talented -LRB- and often underrated -RRB- Colin Firth is artist Colin , Englishman flying from his home to a small New England town un USA , after the break-up with his long-standing girlfriend Vera . He rents a room in this quiet , sleeping town of Hope -LRB- with Oliver Platt at Town Hall -RRB- , and starts drawing again.And a new girl knocks on the door ; Mandy -LRB- Heather Graham -RRB- , a ` carer ' who , with her all good intentions , tries to ` heal ' him . Not bad for Colin , especially when she is winsome Heather Graham , even when she drinks a bottle of some brown liquid in car , and starts to act differently.Then , as you know , ex-love Vera shows up again , to form a love-triangle in which Colin thinks he is trapped . -LRB- But when vera is Minnie Driver , how could he complain of that ? -RRB- I do n't know why , but the film never loses the unnatural feeling . The characters are meant for laugh , or smile , but they never make me so . One example
 It could be me but I was thinking I was going to watch the Hope Springs movie with Meryl Strep . At first I thought it was the introduction to movie I wanted but then found out it was the wrong movie with the same name . I think it 's a bad idea to name 2 very different movies the same .
 No plot . Meaningless . Silly . Embarrassing to watch . I have no idea why these actors wanted to be in this movie .
 This movie is slow and boring considering the star power of the actors . This movie has few funny parts and is a more serious drama that does n't go anywhere fast or comfortably .
 This movie is very poorly written and the result is not distressing , just lame . The actors do their best but from very early on it is obvious that the material gives them nothing to work with . Fans of Colin Firth will experience a certain dim level of enjoyment . Minnie Driver is a treat but her character is no better written than the others . Vermont locations are worth something . With one or two moments of exception it 's neither comedic nor romantic .
 Be careful . I thought I had ordered `` Hope Springs '' with Meryl Streep . Same title . Well , my daugher did . Anyway , I did n't watch it so I ca n't review it .
 Bad movie . It really does n't have a story . Too bad because I like Colin Firth he is great actor , not this one .
 movie starts out with him having pangs of pain in a store making you think he has some terminal disease and 1/2 way through , having the blond get naked and in bed with this guy . no sense at all and even though i absolutely love Colin Firth , this sucked
 I needed a `` feel good '' film tonight . This one triggered a number of emotions but `` good '' was not among them . Embarrassment . Impatience . Frustration . Disappointment . Anger . Boredom . Yes ! This farcical romantic comedy was neither romantic nor comical . I never cracked a smile . Nevertheless , I was determined to endure it to the end - all the while hoping against `` Hope '' that the dashing Mr. Darcy would eventually make an appearance . He did not . Instead , this impostor develops a midlife mismatched infatuation with a ditz no where near his equal in gravitas . Even the conclusion is ponderously tedious . The next time I notice that 30 percent of the reviewers give a film just a single star , I 'll save my time and my money .
 The seller failed to mention that the dvd 's he sells are British and can only be viewed on dvd players set to Region Two . American dvd players are set to Region One and it is not always possible to change the region . My computer allows you to change regions but only a few times before it stays on possibly the wrong region .
 How could Colin and Minnie been coereced to do such garbage ? & szlig ; And to be cast along Heather graham -LRB- Boy , she really ca n't act !! -RRB- Such a dumb character . A pathetic attempt , if the director was aiming to come up with a british sort of comedy or whatever kind of comedy , it was not funny at all , just plain ridiculous !! Even Colin 's gorgeousness and good acting could not make up for it.Colin Firth , please stop doing hollywood chick films , it lowers you , it ruins you !
 Going into the movie , I expected more than I received . I like Colin Firth and Minnie Driver , but they seemed miscast along side Heather Graham . Nothing really fit with this movie . The storyline was lame ; Heather 's character did not make sense , nor was she any good ; there were too many holes in the storyline . Those are only a few of the problems . This movie was just plain awful . One of the worst I have ever seen . Save yourself the anguish .
 My Gosh ! the movie is bad - I mean really bad ! The lead female role is someone you would want to run from . All through the film she jumps up and down like five year olds . She reminds me of the heroins of badly written , cheap romantic paperbacks . Ugh ! And , what were those innocent - non-innocent clothes shedding ?! She is an ideal example of `` how to loose a guy in 10 -LRB- read one -RRB- day '' . The less said about the second lead - Minnie Driver the better.Colin Firth - I implore you to choose better next time - you are worth better .
 Massive Colin fan but he needs to stop doing american films . They are ruining him as an actor and he deserves better than the junk they throw out . The movie was horrible . I was so bored . Do n't waste $ 4 on rental - do n't waste 50 cents at a yeard sale . it 's garbage . He looked hot as usually but I ca n't sit through a bad movie even if it stars Colin . Colin please stick to real cinema , to smart cinema , to british cinema ... or anything not american . Same with Minnie Driver , she 's too good for them as well .
 Oh dear Lord this is bad . Everyone but Heather Graham is mediocre , and she 's terrible . I am fully able to suspend my disbelief in order to enjoy a movie but this train wreck did n't let me . It was ominously awkward from minute one . I 'd recommend another film instead but thinking about this one has left me tired . I must lie down .
 Another Colin Firth fan here to warn you away from this movie . This is one of the most cliched and predictable romantic comedies to come down the pike in quite a while . But it 's worst than that
 Would n't it be great if Hollywood had a great idea and then made a movie from it instead of making a movie to force what they feel is a great idea ? This movie is yet another movie that attempted to tell the same love story we have seen many times by now in a fresh , unique , campy way but failed . It was just the same love story told in a weird way . I do n't know if the attempt was trying to give VT some culture . It reminded me of Runaway Bride where the folks of the setting -- a MD town -- were all shown to have unique personalities -- quirky . It reminded me of Sweet Home , Alabama , where the Alabama town folk were all shown to be to have unique personalities -- quirky . It reminded me of ... well you get the idea . In the end all these people in VT , MD , and AL seem just like each other and like they are from the same town -- Hollywood . The love story part just wondered into oblivion . I mean the ending was kinda cute that the `` cousin '' came back and why . But what was the British chick still doing in town ? What was that about ? What was the deal with the family tree ? That fell flat . It was like it had many false starts at trying to wrap itself up and find its way to an ending . But , it ended and I 'm glad .
 I got this video , because Colin Firth and Mary Steenburgen are good actors . I 've never seen Heather Graham in a movie and Minnie Driver has been good in other movies I 've seen her in . Well , I kept watching it hoping it would improve , but it never did . It 's your typical , `` boy gets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets girl back '' script but poorly written . It 's slow moving and then towards the end it speeds up as if they 've run out of time and they have to end the movie quickly so they come up with some really stupid events to get there . When Colin was carrying Heather towards the movie I kept thinking `` What is the purpose of this ? '' Do n't waste your money on this movie . See if your local library has it or borrow it from a friend .
 I have really enjoyed all of Colin Firth 's movies , until this one . Very blah and did not seem to have a good story line . Thank You
 A good cast was not presented in their best roles , perhaps , the worst performance of the 3 leading actors , I 've seen .
 NOt a great movie . Waste of time and a waste of money for everyine involved . I am bummed that i bothered
 terrible , terrible.It wasm ' t worth the money or the time to watch it . we turned it off in the middle of it
 I turned this movie off after maybe 15 minutes . Please do not waste your hard earned money like I did !
 This movie seems to be written by a committee , which held too few meetings and got not enough catering . The directing is non-existent . The writing should have been tossed into a corner in the first place . The editing is lame ; sudden quick cutting , splicing in scenes which have no introduction . It is bewildering how really good actors could have signed onto this project . The Heather Graham character is miscast -- her accent and bearing are all southern California , not Maine , not to mention her straight blond hair . -LRB- Another hackneyed blond ! When will they learn ? Just seeing long-straight-haired blonds these days where they do n't belong is to experience being patronized -- do they think we do n't recognize a mind-flattening cliche ? -RRB- Her ` fun ' naked scene with Firth -LRB- with her back to the camera -RRB- has no chemistry or elan or reason for being there . -- Though her acting ability shows through at times , through no fault of the film-makers ' , and I almost had ` hope ' for the movie when it did show.No one in this film seems to understand his or her own character.Firth comes to a small Maine town from England to forget his fiance who had -- inexplicably -- sent him an invitation to her wedding to another man . He is a portrait artist and spends his time -LRB- without explanation or preamble -RRB- doing portraits of all the town 's main characters . There is a mayor whose role is unclear ; I cut-and-ran 3/4 of the way through -- the ending would not have saved it and my mind was being too blunted as it was.It is bewildering that Firth 's character would fall into bed with a young woman -LRB- brought in by the motel owner as a ` healer ' -RRB- who has taken him to a ` garden ' to cheer him up but who fast-downs about a quart of booze when she gets there ; we do n't know anything about why she would do that ; how could someone drink even cold tea that fast ? Why does n't he stop her , or leave her as fast as he can ? -- She just changes character on him ; he has virtually no reaction . and makes him drive home although we subsequently see no signs of drunkeness on her part , just strange , inexplicable choices . Her behavior is not winsome enough to be called ` quirky ' or ` cute ' . We do n't have a sense of why anybody is doing anything they do . Why does the fiance -LRB- Minnie Driver ' -RRB- show up and tell Firth she was only trying to make him take some action when she sent him the -LRB- now bogus -RRB- wedding invitation ? Why is she so completely unlikable , even more than the other characters ? Why would the artist even be with her in the first place ? Who is this guy ? Neither the actor , the director , nor the writer gives us any clue . Why does the Firth character fall into a ` comfortable ' relationship with the fast-drinking blond when we have n't even seen it begin?The motel owner -LRB- Mary Steenburgen -RRB- is the only person who has some -LRB- few -RRB- reasonable lines and delivers them well -- indeed I -LRB- again -RRB- had ` Hopes ' for the film when she first came on screen ; her Maine accent may be accurate , who knows from here in California , and shows up the Graham accent for what it is
 I very rarely do not finish watching a movie once started . This was the exception . The contrived affectations of the `` free spirit '' local girl were too painful to behold . I stopped the movie with a sigh of relief that I would no longer have to be tortured by her guzzling of alcohol -LRB- was that supposed to be cute ? sexy ? -RRB- and the rest of that awkward positively revolting scene . I could only feel sorry for the poor actors having to act such pure drivel . Big disappointment but I should have looked at more reviews rather than at the average of 3 stars and the belief that anything Colin Firth would appear in must be worth watching . Not .
 Colin Firth . Minnie Driver . Mary Steenburgen . Heather Graham . With a cast like that it has got to be entertaining , right ? The answer is no . Even this lovely cast could not pull this awful movie up from the dregs . The story was slow and predictable . If you think you know the next thing that will happen , it will . There are no really sweet moments . There is nothing believable at all . No build up to anything . There is only one word to describe this movie
 `` Work with what you 've got '' I guess was the mantra during this one . I really expected this to be better . -LRB- Colin Firth ? Minnie Driver ? Mary Steenburgen ? Please . -RRB- It 's never a good indication of `` good '' when I can stop a movie umpteen times and do whatever I just thought of because `` now seems like a good time . '' What a shame . I would n't say this was a complete waste of time . It was interesting . Somewhat unbelievable , definitely , but interesting . And it got a little better as it went on . But not much . One very sweet 3 seconds and an actual moment warranting genuine laughter . I guess you ca n't expect everything to be stellar . This was quirky and a bit weird . But watch-able . If you 're patient .
 This movie was quite honestly one of the worst movies I have ever seen . As a huge Colin Firth fan originally from a small town in Vermont , I thought that no matter what I had heard about the film I would enjoy it . Unfortunately , I was wrong.The main problem of the film was characterization . There were oftentimes no motivations or explanations whatsoever for the character 's actions . One minute , the small town girl played by Heather Graham is working at a nursing home , then she 's downing alcohol , then she 's jumping around naked for absolutely no apparent reason -LRB- in fact , she does n't even seem drunk -RRB- , and all this entices the character Colin Firth to jump into bed with her . I think the Heather Graham character is supposed to be quirky , but because of the script and the way the film is cut , she comes off as schitsophrenic and unlikable . Then suddenly they are in a serious relationship which Colin dives into wholeheartedly even though he is supposed to be recovering from a breakup with his fiance -LRB- and this is no rebound relationship -RRB- . Basically , the movie continues along this vein , with Minnie Driver showing up as the dark-haired British ex-fiance who you ca n't see ever having had a relationship with Colin -LRB- both actors are better in the much superior movie Circle of Friends -RRB- . In any case , there are many more unexplained actions and wierd breakups/get back togethers before the movie thankfully ends.Additionally , the setting is completely misused , beginning with the sign that says more than 18,000 people live in Hope . In New England , that does not classify as a small town . They could have used the autumn setting and American-ness of the people as restorative to the Colin character . The suggestion of that is there , but it is never demonstrated - instead , they go to a spot that is supposed to be nice and the Heather Graham character downs a bottle of booze , and Colin Firth 's character has no real explanation or feeling in his portraits of the town 's people . Although the hotel owners are fun , if unrealistic , the mayor has been written as if he were a cartoon character.Finally , I do n't neccessarily blame the actors for this awful movie , with the wierd cutting , it may have seemed like a good idea at the time . I think Colin Firth does his best at being an ambigious , but still likeable guy . Heather Graham , aside from not coming off as a small town girl at all , has absolutely nothing to work with , so you ca n't even blame her for the horrendous character she has . And everyone else , including Minnie Driver , is a complete caricature , although Minnie Driver incites some of the few amusing moments in the film.I feel bad to judge this movie so harshly , but it is unneccessarily bad , and I had been hoping for something at least fun . These actors all have much better movies out there .
 Generally , I think that actors can make a film worth watching even when the script is n't that good . A good performance can make an otherwise unremarkable script seem better than it is . But actors like Colin Firth , an actor with a quiet , almost passive acting style , can not hope to compete with this stultifying , cloying , saccharine screenplay . This movie goes back and forth on a linear timeline for virtually the entire 92 minutes , creating the feeling that there has been no passage of time at all . It 's suffocating , a static , energy-sapping , eyelid-drooping tour of duty through Mark Herman 's drifting career - as is the cinematography which frames every scene so tight and close that you feel like leaving the room yourself just to get some air.Besides a limp storyline , the dialogue is frightfully bad , barely a laugh anywhere . That the resolution of the film , Colin Firth carrying the usually bounteous Heather Graham - reduced here to some kind of carefully-wrapped , de-sexed , small-town butter queen - for an inordinate distance for no apparent reason other than to use up some of the movie 's endless-seeming running time , is pitiful . The payoff to this awkward forced march ? When the two begin stripping off their clothes , apparently as prelude to some even more tame lovemaking , guess what ? Firth 's character throws out his back . Gales of laughter do not ensue.An earlier scene , in which the also usually sexy Minnie Driver - whose body is arguably superior to that of Ms. Graham - strips to her negligee , is shot and lit so poorly that we never get the impact of the omnipresent sexuality that is supposed to be driving Mr. Firth throughout the film . Without this sexuality in the two women , Firth 's desire is muted , confused , and desultory , his performance has nothing to work off of . Firth is an actor who requires impetus from his surroundings , from other 's characters , and from the story itself . He receives none of this and so begins to appear an even more reluctant player than usual.There is usually one person to blame for something like this
 I was n't expecting much - I rented it simply because of Colin Firth.It 's nice , it 's what Disney/Touchstone are coming up with for their adult audience.But the idea that a broken-hearted man falls in love again , so quickly and almost without questioning his lost love bothers me -- can we go in and out of love that easily?Minnie Driver is very good in a catty diva type of character.Rent it but do n't buy it .
 I stumbled across this movie on my INDEMAND program from my satelite company . I was so excited to learn there was a Colin Firth romantic comedy that I had not seen . I have loved Colin since I first saw him in Pride and Prejudice in high school . -LRB- now my fav movie -RRB- . This movie was such a disspointment . Heahter Grahm is just insipid in this role , and absoulutly does not fit with Colin 's character . There were a few funny scenes , but in general the plot made no sense . Their was no explination for most of the events , and no reason for half of them . Skip this one and watch one of his better movies -LRB- I suggest a period peice
 Love Colin Firth , and the story preview sounded interesting , which is why I bought this . Disappointed , though in the acting and plot .
 Imagine you are trapped in the most boring day of your life , with Colin Firth and Minnie Driver and Heather Gram . This movie gives you a good idea what that day would be like . I got this because it looked good , but the story was pathetic . I could n't under stand 1/2 the motivations for the characters . For instance , the night after meeting firth for the first time , Gram 's character strips and jumps into bed with Firth . Um ok ? Is n't Firth in Hope because of devistation over Driver ? I guess men need only to go to the suburbs to find super easy women . Wow.Firth 's character , if you can call it that , is so boring I could n't imagine what any girl would see never mind 2 of them fighting over him.Stay clear of this clap trap .
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen ! Dont waste your money on this one .
 When I purchased A Turtle 's Tale
 It seems to be intended for children but children dont need to watch this junk . It is basically teaching children to be hippie environmentalist and to hate oil and love green . It has a bad view of marriage . Basically they exaggerated everything . All the bad things were done by humans who would hunt whales , throw trash in the ocean , and spill oil and the good done was all by environmentalists , literally hippies , and `` green '' people . I am not against preserving the ocean and things and not for dumping trash in the ocean or for oil spills . This movie has a huge green hippie liberal agenda . A boat crashes in the movie and oil spills and the dialogue between the turtles teaches that oil is bad period , and not that the boat was an accident . Then the latter half of the movie they are hunting a whale and the environmentalists are trying to stop them and the boat is called the `` green warrior '' . There is also the civil rights fist throughout the movie and peace signs . This is for everyones info .
 I accidentally picked this movie thinking it was the Dream House that was recently in the theatre , but this is an older release of the same name . Acting was n't great and the sound volume was up and down constantly . The story was n't too bad . There were a lot of `` gotcha '' moments that made you jump . But the quality of the acting and sound brought the rating down for me .
 This movie was not the movie I thought it was . It had scary parts but the movie was bad . I will never watch it again .
 Friends had said this was a good movie , I think there must be another movie with this name because I did n't see that it was very good .
 This movie did not have a trailer to watch and I thought I was purchasing the movie with Daniel Craig . i thought it was called Dream House . I was wrong . I watched about 20 min . of this movie trying to get into it , however I was unsuccessful at liking it ! : -LRB-
 The movie is informative of the country 's judicial system ... but that not what it was presented as . About 15 % is about the hot coffee story and the rest about congress and supreme court .
 A `` documentary '' that presents selective information , and manipulates the viewer . The world needs less `` documentaries '' like this one ; there 's no value in this .
 there is no need for a spoiler alert as this movie prevents facts and then leaves a case unanswered even though it has been resolved in the court systemthe movie is presented in 4 chapters showing 4 cases and 4 aspects of the civil system.chapter 1 explores the -LRB- in -RRB- famous McDonalds hot coffee case.chapter 2 explores caps on liability and differences between punitive and actual damages.chapter 3 presents a `` claim '' from an alleged victim of drugging and brutal gang rape and the relation of this claim to binding arbitration and alternate dispute resolution as she attempted to sue her employer ; due to employment contract the victim was unable to sue . The movie ends with a trial date set for an upcoming law suit . In court the `` victim '' was found to have made false claims . she had a civil trial and it was found there was no evidence she was raped or suffered any wounds ; her lawsuit was dismissed as baseless . Ergo , this entire section of the movie is untrue . The ironic part is this case is used as evidence of law against frivolous lawsuits hindering legitimate cases but this example was in and of itself frivolous . -LCB- amazon rules prevent links to other sources but search for Jamie Leigh Jones trial resolution -RCB- An example of how ridiculous this claim turned out to be . Ms. Jones claimed to need reconstructive surgery after her alleged rape . in trial it came out that she never underwent surgery . she was also found to have levied unfounded rape claims at other times in her life.chapter 4 explores judicial elections processchapters 1,2,4 are interesting but chapter 3 is so horrendously falsified that the entire work of the director should be discarded . you would n't read a newspaper in which 1/4 of the articles are untrue so why would you watch a move that was 25 % false .
 I love this movie . Being a Mr. Mom myself with 2 boys `` and a Job '' I relate to this movie very much . But I am dissapointed in the fact that MGM does not have a wide screen version of this movie . I am also disapointed in the special features or lack there of . I am a DVD lover and I look forward to the extras that DVD 's offer . But if you do n't have a widescreen TV and an elaborate sound system and you like the movie than go ahead an buy it . Otherwise get the VHS
 Michael Keaton races with flippers on . and makes grilled cheese with an iron . and gets jealous when he thinks Martin Mull has designs on -LRB- oh yes , it 's true ! -RRB- TERI GARR . do we have to say it 's written by John Hughes ? wait for it to just come on TV .
 8/16/03 VHS movie is `` sitcom worthy '' but not novel enough in my opinon for theatre goers . Actors are all good which helps to keep interest more in the actors and their ability to portray stereotypical roles in a stereotypical plot on middle class , jobs and joblessness
 This movie is about a guy named Jack that loses his job at a car factory . Jack thinks he will be able to get a job easy and he bets his wife a hundred dollars that he can get a job before her . She ends up getting a job at an advertising place . Which makes it so he has to stay home with the kids . Jack has no clue about anything that he has to do like grocery shopping , taking the kids to school , and doing laundry . Jack 's wife 's boss tries getting her to marry him . The movie was most likely extremely funny during the time it was made , but to watch it now it is very boring and definitely not funny . But this is also just my opinion . The stuff that is suppose to be funny is actually just plain stupid , like Jack cooking a cheese sandwich with a iron or having the TV repair person come see what 's wrong with his TV after he kicked his foot through the screen .
 I rented this movie at a local Blockbuster and it was the worst movie ever ! me and my friend managed to watch the whole thing without falling asleep.This movie gives its sponsers a bad name!this was terrible acting and a plot just thrown together from pieces . I say if you like this movie your crazy and a nutter !! also if you like this movie I reccomend you all the Barney the purple dinosaur movies .
 could a movie be more insulting to both sexes ? jack can hardly tell left from right ; caroline is promoted to her position because her boss is instantly obsessed with her . this movie encompasses all that is frightening about the 1980s . the only moment at which mr. mom captured any portion of truth is within the discussion jack and caroline have about their minds turning to oatmeal . if you watch too much of this movie , yours will too .
 The family man loses his job and swaps roles with Susie Homemaker in this base , straight-ahead '80s family comedy . Michael Keaton was just entering the thick of his early comedic career here , and plays the lead with enthusiasm despite an exceptionally thin script . Through physical humor and an overdose of energy he 's able to wring as much life as possible from several one-note scenes , but ca n't completely revive such a narrow concept . John Hughes gets the writing credit , but this effort is missing both the sharp wit of National Lampoon 's Vacation and the warm , beating heart of his brat pack classics . It 's telegraphed , generic and dated ; a few scenes still work but the rest are thoroughly flat and fake .
 I am confused why I can only rent Barney movies instead of buying them like every other kid TV show . This product makes me really consider becoming a prime member .
 *** Parent Annoyance Meter Rating
 I have waited for years for this movie to come out . I love it , ... but fullscreen ? Does Lionsgate seriously think that we 're that dumb that we 'll accept fullscreen ? Even if we do n't have a widescreen tv , we can still watch widescreen movies ... that is , those of us that have more than two brain cells watch widescreen and hate fullscreen . They only time that fullscreen is acceptable is if it 's an old tv show or pre-50s movie when widescreen was n't invented yet . * blows raspberry *
 this is an interesting story but it sorta blows out awhile in the run in . Robert Sean Leonard is a great pic as Jeremy Capello but the other supportees like his parents and Rene Auberjoinis -LRB- Star Treak DSN fame -RRB- , that fat guy and David Herman -LRB- Ninja Turtles
 Dont be fooled , Lionsgate is releasing several of these -LRB- The Lost Collection -RRB- of cheap quality , Full Screen versions of some of your old favorites that never made it to DVD , as INTENDED ! My friend has this movie of -LRB- The Lost Collection -RRB- version . When compared to my old VHS version , we found it was frame to frame exactly the same , and even visual quality , as my Full Screen VHS Version . No Digital Inhancement , no Quality Up Date . . Same movie just different Format
 First of all , if these were to have been new movies . It would of been cool . Just so you do n't get tricked , if you do n't know , these movies -LRB- except the one with the actress -LRB- duff , a prior full moon actress -RRB- were just exerpts from the subscies movies and vampire journals , which was also a full moon production . So , with anticipation I purchased it , and I was totally let down by it . But , if you do n't have the full moon compilacion of subspecies and the other story where -LRB- Duff , produced and co wrote -RRB- its a fair triology to watch . The advantage of having the full series of subspecies , is that it tells the whole story . As well as the other one in it . These are literally watered down short versions ...
 All of these shorts star Denise Duff , and feature actors from the Bloodstone/Vampire Journals films.Unfortunately the connection is even closer . The last of these films `` Undead Evil '' is in fact a heavily edited version of `` Vampire Journals '' - they 've shortened it to make it a ` new ' feature.Judging by this , I would guess that the first film `` Spawn of Hell '' is also one - I have n't seen all the `` Bloodstone '' films , though.So , if you 've seen the Bloodstone films , there 's no point buying these ` new ' films .
 The description is n't well , very descriptive of what the movie is . Its actually clips of 3 different movies with the same female actress . And they DO NOT fit at all . It actually gives you a glimpse of the actual movies but heck come on we can just have all three and watch them back to back . Defiantly not happy with this movie .
 This trilogy appears to have been almost randomly created from the Subspecies Bloodstone movies . It makes no sense unless one has seen prior films.Kudos to the editor for the more than a minute long scene in the bedroom with the microphone hanging between the two actors . Even Ed Wood would have caught that one .
 This was one of two seasons that I received that are not the original One Tree Hill sets . The cases were not the same as the other seasons and the dvd 's did not start at the beginning of the episode . They did not have the opening and closing credits and they did not have the opening and closing songs . It seems to me that these are copies of the originals . I have all the other seasons and the two that I received are not at all the same as the others that I purchased at a store . I can no longer trust ordering dvd 's in this way .
 After a solid 3 seasons , One Tree Hill took an awful dive in season 4 . What a rush job and just ridiculous plots . I thought I was watching General Hospital after awhile . They totally went away from the first 3 seasons . They kind of caved in and tried all this `` shock '' and rated `` R '' stuff just to be noticed . SO DISAPPOINTING !!!!! I pray season 5 is better .
 I 've been watching this show since season 1 and I have all previous seasons on DVD , but I will not be buying season 4 due to the fact that it was by far the worst season . What made it so bad ? Well 1 . -RRB- A lot of characters did n't interact for a large portion of the season -LRB- i.e. - Lucas and Brooke -RRB- , 2 . -RRB- the addition of unnecessary new characters , 3 . -RRB- so many bad plot lines were dragged out way too long while the good ones were either ruined by crappy writing , or cut short too soon ... I could go on and on . All in all , a BIG disappointment for me . Season 5 better make up for this mess of a past season !
 I ordered this item as a Christmas gift for my daughter and she was really happy when she opened it until we found out that one disk was missing . It was a series of 6 DVD 's and the number 6 DVD was missing . In its place was season 2 , disk one . If there is anyway to get the correct disk , I would be happy to return the wrong one . Thanks for your time .
 Product was in fine working condition , and I brought it directly from Amazon . But the case itself was damaged and broken and I will never order any Box set like items from Amazon again .
 The East Side Kids are practicing singing for a wedding . The couple plan to move to a house in the suburbs . The previous owners say the house next door is haunted . Emil gives orders to the real estate agent to buy back the house on Elm Street . We see the young bride -LRB- Ava Gardner -RRB- . The old couple call the police to report strange events at 322 Elm Street . The boys show up to clean up for the new couple , but pick the wrong house . They `` borrow '' the furnishings.Mr . & Mrs. John Gibson show up at a hotel , and get a message . They get a warning about their house . Then Emil shows up and becomes upset by the presence of the boys . There are jokes about portraits . The boys find a printing press in the cellar with Nazi pamphlets . The policemen upstairs hear nothing ! Then the Gibsons show up to live in their new home . The furnishings are gone . Jack Gibson calls the police to report what the boys found . But the printing press has disappeared . Next the press is found in Jack Gibson 's house . But the boys direct the police to the right place for a happy ending . -LSB- Note Bela Lugosi 's sneeze . -RSB-
 Bought this at at Half Price Books for $ 4.99 . Not a bargin . With the reviews from Amazon I expected a little more . `` Hold That Ghost '' is basically the same movie with more laughs and mystery .
 Do n't be fooled by the title . Ghosts have nothing to do with this movie . This is another encounter of our hapless heroes with the dark master of the poverty row horror film . This time the East Side Kids find Bela and his gang of Nazi spies occupying a local `` haunted '' house . These little low budget comedies do n't pretend to be any more than they are . This film has the added attraction of a very young Ava Gardner in the unlikely role of Huntz Hall 's sister . Bela Lugosi had become a low-budget standby at this point in his career . The East Side Kids , if not lovable , are tolerable in small doses . Due to a misunderstanding that is worthy of the Three Stooges , the boys mistake the deserted house for a honeymoon cottage that needs a good cleaning and decorating . The spooky manse has secret panels , revolving bookcases , paintings with moving eyes , and mysterious people creeping around . The mild thrills and chills are suitable for family viewing . There are a few low brow chuckles , but The East Side Kids and Bela Lugosi had better luck with the earlier `` Spooks Run Wild , '' reviewed elsewhere in Amazon.com . Adjust your expectations accordingly . ; - -RRB-
 This is not the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical of the same name . Just thought I 'd let you know so you did n't make the same mistake I did .
 I sent one message which I do n't know if it got through or not but I was very displeased about SLIT FACED WOMAN . There are no subtitles and I do n't understand Japanese . Also where is ZOMBIE DEAD ?
 I rented this movie because it was billed as a great kid 's story of triumph over adversity and that sort of thing . I thought my son -LRB- 4-year-old -RRB- would like it , because he loves to read and thinks words are pretty cool.The actual story of the movie was awesome and truly inspirational , but I was dismayed by the use of foul language in it . Now , I realize that in reality people often do n't know better than to use cuss words every other word , but was it needed in a kid 's movie ? I would n't let him finish watching it , because I did n't want him cussing me out over dinner and thinking it was the normal way to speak.Can you imagine , `` Hey dad , pass the f ____ ing peas ? '' `` Do n't use language like that at the table . '' `` But I learned it on the kid 's movie . `` So what was the moral of the movie for me ? Teach your kid a few big words to make him smart , but teach him a few dozen cuss words to make him cool to the other kids ? Not for my family .
 I would have enjoyed this movie much more if I had n't had to remind my children that the curse words used in this movie were not appropriate . I was shocked at the frequency of the four letter words used in this PG movie . Who cares that the story line was to be inspiring ??? I was too busy explaining to my boys that we do not approve of the language used in this movie.I do not care that this movie was set to depict a rough family life ... that could have been done without the language . I thought this was a family movie . We had to stop the movie half way into it to explain to our 8 year old boys why this movie is not acceptable . We chose to watch the rest of the movie without the kids to decide if we were going to allow them to see the rest.Bottom line ... this is not an appropriate movie for 8 year olds . I am so disappointed in this movie for this reason .
 Akeelah and the Bee -LRB- Doug Atchison , 2006 -RRB- Why , Doug Atchison ? Why did you have to take what looked like it was going to be a really good little inspirational story and turn it into a piece of emotionally manipulative dreck ? You were doing so well there for a while , and then ... but I get ahead of myself.The story concerns Akeelah Anderson -LRB- Cleaner 's Keke Palmer -RRB- , a junior high student from South Central LA whose late father -LRB- Wolfgang Bodison , in flashback -RRB- instilled a love of words in her . Her teacher is trying to get her to enter the school 's inaugural spelling bee , but she is n't interested until she sees a snippet of the National Spelling Bee on ESPN . Then she starts thinking about it . Once she 's on her way to regionals , the school principal knows she 's going to need a coach , so he hooks Akeelah up with Larabee -LRB- Laurence Fishburne -RRB- , a retired professor with problems of his own . None of this is making Akeelah 's mother -LRB- Angela Bassett -RRB- terribly happy , especially when Akeelah starts hanging out with her new spelling-club friends , all of whom live in much swankier parts of the city.All well and good , and while there 's some obvious audience manipulation in the first two-thirds of the film , it 's tolerable ; there 's a kind of Real Women Have Curves feel to it for a while , the whole `` local girl makes good '' shtick that plays so well . But then comes the final third of the film , and it takes a wrong turn down a blind alley . Atchison , who also wrote the script , throws any pretense at subtlety out the window , coming up with the one ending that feels like a complete cop-out . Of all the things he could have done with it , wow . The ending is just brutally bad.The rest of the film , however , is well worth watching . Do yourself a favor and stop it about fifteen minutes before it actually ends . **
 This movie is basically a remake of a far superior film , `` Searching for Bobby Fischer '' . A spelling bee replaces the chess tournament but the character dynamics are similar . Laurence Fishburne was in both films , taking the role of the stern teacher from Ben Kingsley in this feature . It is not nearly as endearing , or as well-directed , as '' ... Bobby Fischer '' - see that one instead .
 Usually when a movie is rated PG , I preview it before I let my 7 and 9 year old daughters watch it , but unfortunately , I did n't do that with this one . If I had previewed it , I would n't have allowed my children to watch it . Yes , the rating says there is `` adult language '' in the movie , but with PG , that usually means just one or two words . That is n't what it meant with this one . There was foul language throughout the movie and not just from adults . Even the kids were cursing throughout the movie . Personally , if I was going to make a movie for families , I would n't have had so much foul language in it . It was not necessary for the advancement of the plot.On a positive note , this was a good story with a great -LRB- though predictable -RRB- ending , but if you do n't like your kids ' minds and ears being filled with ALOT of senseless cursing , do n't let them see it or at least preview it first .
 Okay , I realize that this is not intended to be Lawrence of Arabia . It 's a kids film . I get it.That said , this is as formulaic and corny a movie as I 've ever seen . Utilizing the mentor-apprentice , Karate Kid/Finding Forrester/Good Will Hunting / diamond in the rough model of schlock storytelling , capped off with the old teacher-becomes-the-student / we 're - all-winners twist.There is not a scene , line , or step in this movie that you ca n't see coming from all the way up Broadway . It is an exercise in predictability.Memo to Hollywood and the geniuses over at Starbucks Entertainment -LRB- Starbucks Entertainment ? -RRB-
 Cant believe this was a Linklater film . Boring , tacky writing , cloying performances all around . Zac Efron is terrible , and unbelievable .
 It is 1937 , and high school senior Richard -LRB- Zac Efron -RRB- dreams of being an actor . A chance meeting with 22-year old Orson Welles -LRB- Christian McKay -RRB- results in a bit part in Welles ' groundbreaking , modern-dress version of `` Julius Caesar '' soon to open on Broadway . During a week of rehearsals at the Mercury Theatre , Richard is befriended by the cast and crew including Welles ' assistant , Sonja -LRB- Claire Danes -RRB- while he tries to understand his flamboyant and temperamental boss.I think this movie was meant to bring Zac Efron out of teenage musicals and into more serious roles , but it does n't succeed . His character is bland and forgettable and he lacks charisma . His Mr. Cool-speech and smirky mannerisms are so contemporary that he looks out of place in the thirties . His love interest , played by Claire Danes , is also colorless and boring and more than a bit annoying . Nothing that happened to or between Richard and Sonja was interesting or memorable . On the other hand , Christian McKay looks and sounds so much like the larger-than-life Welles that one forgets he 's not the real thing . Showing Welles ' arrogance , theatricality , and brilliant wit , he 's a dazzling , shining star and he is the entire show.The plot is tedious and , with the exception of Welles , the characters are dreary , so I recommend this movie only to fans of Welles .
 While Christian McKay 's pantomime of Welles is excellent , and in many places the portrayal is accurate , nonetheless this movie merely propagates the Old Welles Myth ; that he was a downright egotist , with no consideration for his actors , no empathy -- viz. , that Orson Welles = Charles Foster Kane . In fact , I think McKay 's portrayal was really of Kane more than Welles.What is even worse is the portrayal of Joseph Cotten . I seriously doubt he was nearly as much of a womanizer as they made him out to be , especially considering his two long marriages . Similarly I do n't think Cotten would ever have made such remarks about Welles as this character made , e.g. , that he was a bastard and a `` coward . '' The real Jo Cotten in fact said that he could n't understand why people always said Orson was so `` hard to get along with , '' and that Welles was the `` easiest , most inspiring '' person he ever worked with.If you want an idea of what Welles was `` really like , '' read THIS IS ORSON WELLES , watch interviews and/or `` The Orson Welles Sketchbook '' on youtube , and watch F FOR FAKE.I think this movie is , overall , a very frustrating offense against a great man and one of the most brilliant artists of the twentieth century .
 The movie quality was fine , but the sound did n't match the actor 's mouth movements . Very disappointing , especially since my daughter was determined to watch the entire thing !!
 There is no chemistry between the leads and the whole film is missing a spark . Something is just missing .
 This price is wrong , right ? $ 969.00 . I understand that there are 2 unreleased versions of the movie . Perhaps this is one of them . In one version Welles eats the entire cast 40 minutes into the movie . The other , I understand , has Zac totally nude throughout the movies . Still not worth the price . I hope you all understand hyperbole .
 I watched this only because I liked the actors . If you like over the top acting and actors acting like actors then watch this . It 's got some cute parts , but for the most part it was boring . The characters were one dimensional and the story was so see through it was n't funny . I give this a star only because it 's got Claire Danes in it and I 'm a fan , other then that I would not have given it a star at all .
 After the first 15 minutes of this movie , you 're left wondering if there is a likable character in it . The low brow sex references are appallingly juvenile . If you are the type of person who ca n't stop watching until you know if the play opens on Thursday or not , you 'll love this movie . If , however , you demand substance and depth in a film , this is one to pass on . If you 're only going to watch this because you 're a Claire Danes fan , watch Temple Grandin instead .
 Told a good story , but realized at the end in the bonus materials that the white lion in the film is not in the wild situation , there is a lot of human manipulation during the filming . I love the African Cats more .
 White LionIt SucksNot a well made movie AT ALL . Lacks conviction . So many shots are unrelated.Specially the Cobra and the Cub , Two seperately shot scenes , merged with Dramatic MusicSorry Bud , I thought Hollywood movies were Crap , You proved you are worse than even HollywoodCommercial Campaign to make the So Called Lion Whisperer a RealityBetter Luck next time
 White Lion -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- White Lion -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- I am not happy at all and want to know if I can return product and get reimbursed as I can not view the film.It does not work.I was informed it was not the same system as we have in Europe and consider there should have been a word of warning that it can only be used in the US.So this was a big waste and very annoying and does not feel honest at al !!! I want to return product , but do not know where to send it to , please inform me of the correct procedure.However I would love to have the film in a version we can view in Europe in exchange or else if not possible be reimbursed .
 Are there subtitles on this program ?? MTV , all full-length streaming content require closed captions and I do n't see any indicated in the product description , so I can not watch this program as a hard of hearing person .
 Bring back the Lyricist Lounge Show and the original MTV Jams.I remember I was so excited when they had MTV Jams on and they played nothing but strait up banging hip hop from the 1990s . Then there was the Lyricist Lounge . for you people that only watch todays rap videos you missed it . It was just dudes having skits and just doing great rapping . Look at 106 Park and Freestyle Fridays and times that by a hundred and your close to the Lyricist Lounge . some of the members were Kweli-Mos-Words-Em-Big and even of tight people who are no names . and as plain white said bring back shows such as The Tom Green Show are atleast put out some DVDs . As for this junk I believe it is a step or two a head of the excellent show-Pimp my Ride . Tell MTV to start showing some PIMP rap from 1994 like Nas or Snoop are DJ Premier beats . I hate that punk Ashton Kutchar and all I have to say is Bruce will kick yo white Azz .
 OK , this is the most unfunny hidden camera show . If you want a very good one , chose jamie kennedy experiment . That is a good show . This is just not funny and annoying .
 Okay , okay , not really . I would never in a million years buy this DVD set . I already saw it on MTV , thank GAWD ! , and would never buy it . Here 's why!First of all the premise . If you analyze other Hidden Camera shows , the sucess factor is based on , not limiting yourself to your `` marks . '' That is , this show `` punk 's '' famous people . Well , that is limiting yourself from the start.Now , what happens if the taped segment is n't funny ? Well , if you 're Jamie Kennedy , you turn to another `` mark '' and tape another segment . You do this 3 or 4 times -LRB- or more , I suppose -RRB- until you get the superfunny segment.Well , herein lies the problem with Punk 'd . Since they only `` fool '' famous people , they are limited to that once -LRB- or twice -RRB- that they get a believeable take . And , as someone like me knows , -LRB- a long time fan of these `` prank , hidden camera/microphone/video camera shows -RRB- successful segments do n't necessarily happen the first take.That 's why shows like Jamie Kennedy , and other `` Candid Camera '' segments are successful , and why Punk 'd is n't . The other shows have the luxury of depending on more segments to capture a successful and FUNNY segment . Punk 'd is not successful , and NOT funny ! Anyone who thinks it is , is falling on the already established liking of Ashton Kutcher , the famous people , MTV , or have never been exposed to a funny program , such as Jamie Kennedy.A typical segment shows Ashton explaining , laughing , about the segment , in a fashion of somebody who is probably enjoying it , more than his audience . You know the type . Somebody who laughs half-way through telling you a joke ? You do n't laugh , and wonder why you are even listening ? Same thing for this show . The audience is wondering when they will laugh as hard as the host.Reading the other reviews , I was not surprised to see so many negative reviews . This show is not funny , and very un-deserving of even a second season . Please do not renew or even show re-runs of this show , MTV . A real stinker . Two `` W 's '' down !
 I am really not knocking the show . . but more questioning , Why would anyone feel the need to actually spend money on a show like this ? I mean come on . . just turn on MTV ?? Once you have seen an episode . . and the celebrity is punked ... why would you need to have it on DVD ? Is there people that really want to watch the same GAG twice ?? that would be boring . . save your money and just watch the NEW shows on MTV !
 Aston Kirchner is 30 , a lie , an act of disgrace . I his father he my dirty tissue . No buy . no buy . no buy . Watch johnny margera instea .
 DID YOU SEE THE ONE WHERE THEY SET UP THE CELEBRITY AND THE CELEBRITY WAS LIKE `` WTF ?????? '' AND THEN THAT STARBURSTS COMMERCIAL CAME ON ??? I LOVE THAT COMMERCIAL !!! HWAT A GOOD SHOW .
 A ripoff of The Jamie Kennedy Experiment . Honestly , who wants to see some bum trick celebrities ? If you want some hidden camera stuff that 's actually entertaining , get JKX season 1 .
 I love the show , but I was very disappointed when I found out there was n't another audio track with bleeped bad language . Now I 'm either going to have to only watch this by myself or return it . Poor move on MTV/Paramount 's part . Even the Osbournes got an edited track and they 're just as bad or worse ! Surely it would n't have been THAT difficult to add an edited track . Had they done this , it easily would 've gotten 5 stars from me . I personally do n't mind bad language much , but some of the people I would have been watching this with DO mind . Very , very lame . And something that could have been so easily corrected !
 I am really not knocking the show . . but more questioning , Why would anyone feel the need to actually spend money on a show like this ? I mean come on . . just turn on MTV ?? Once you have seen an episode . . and the celebrity is punked ... why would you need to have it on DVD ? Is there people that really want to watch the same GAG twice ?? that would be boring . . save your money and just watch the NEW shows on MTV !
 Ashton Kutcher , please go away . You are the posterchild for `` overexposed . `` MTV , get a clue . How about playing some music videos as opposed to crappy , filler type shows like this and 36 hour marathons of The Real World.The rest of the world could care less about a bunch of teenage losers scramming for their 15 minutes of fame .
 The Rich Playing games on the RICH HA HA HA HA !!!!!!!! Get the lotion !!!!!!!!!!!
 Okay , okay , not really . I would never in a million years buy this DVD set . I already saw it on MTV , thank GAWD ! , and would never buy it . Here 's why!First of all the premise . If you analyze other Hidden Camera shows , the sucess factor is based on , not limiting yourself to your `` marks . '' That is , this show `` punk 's '' famous people . Well , that is limiting yourself from the start.Now , what happens if the taped segment is n't funny ? Well , if you 're Jamie Kennedy , you turn to another `` mark '' and tape another segment . You do this 3 or 4 times -LRB- or more , I suppose -RRB- until you get the superfunny segment.Well , herein lies the problem with Punk 'd . Since they only `` fool '' famous people , they are limited to that once -LRB- or twice -RRB- that they get a believeable take . And , as someone like me knows , -LRB- a long time fan of these `` prank , hidden camera/microphone/video camera shows -RRB- successful segments do n't necessarily happen the first take.That 's why shows like Jamie Kennedy , and other `` Candid Camera '' segments are successful , and why Punk 'd is n't . The other shows have the luxury of depending on more segments to capture a successful and FUNNY segment . Punk 'd is not successful , and NOT funny ! Anyone who thinks it is , is falling on the already established liking of Ashton Kutcher , the famous people , MTV , or have never been exposed to a funny program , such as Jamie Kennedy.A typical segment shows Ashton explaining , laughing , about the segment , in a fashion of somebody who is probably enjoying it , more than his audience . You know the type . Somebody who laughs half-way through telling you a joke ? You do n't laugh , and wonder why you are even listening ? Same thing for this show . The audience is wondering when they will laugh as hard as the host.Reading the other reviews , I was not surprised to see so many negative reviews . This show is not funny , and very un-deserving of even a second season . Please do not renew or even show re-runs of this show , MTV . A real stinker . Two `` W 's '' down !
 I have no idea how it came to be stuck in my head that the the Groove Tube was a `` great , funny , '' movie . I saw it in 1974 at a drive in theatre and over the years had remembered it to be wonderful . Oh how wrong I was.I finally got a copy to show my wife this little `` gem '' of a movie from my youth . With the exception of about three mildly funny scenes , it was horrible . I do n't even want to give this away to anyone as I would feel bad for wasting their time should they watch it .
 First of all , in response to an earlier review , I grew up in the 70s so I get it and it is crap . I liked LOOSE SHOES , KENTUCKY FRIED MOVIE and AMAZON WOMEN ON THE MOON , but this film , from the man who brought us MODERN PROBLEMS and then faded from humanity 's recorded history , is utterly lame . I guess P.T. Barnum was right about a sucker being born every minute and they are posting the positive reviews here . I challenge anyone to tell me what is funny about Chevy Chase singing while someone plays air drums on his head . The hitchhiker scene sets the tone for this junk - naked flesh and toilet humor aplenty . I have got nothing against toilet humor ... when it 's funny . The clown sequence was mildly amusing for a fleeting moment and that is about it . The Dealers segment makes you appreciate Cheech & Chong all the more because , even stoned , this skit is a bummer , man . I could go on , but there is really no point .
 Incredibly crude , stupid and sophomoric send-up of movies and TV that would be done much better in Tunnelvision and Kentucky Fried Movie.GT is a series of unrelated skits , most of which are full of sex and drugs references which seem very dated . Probably the most offensive is a commerical from the Uranus Corporation and you can guess what that is about.One of the longer forms in this movie is a sketch called `` The Dealers '' which stars Richard Belzer , later famous for his role on `` Homicide '' . Chevy Chase also appears briefly -LRB- since he was in Tunnelvision , I suppose that his early career consisted of parts like this . -RRB- GT opens up funny enough , with a group of apes surrounding a strange object , as in `` 2001 '' . But the movie just degenerates into a never ending series of dumb skits , that are just gross , sick or stupid -LRB- a VD sketch featuring male genitalia is a good example -RRB- . Another sketch featuring Koko the Clown as a kiddie show host who reads porn to children is not only unfunny , but is in extremely bad taste.There are enough naked women in this film to interest a typical drunken college student -LRB- like I was when this came out -RRB- . Drunk or sober , I did n't find this movie to be particularly well done or particularly funny .
 I love these whacky kind of comedys , and when I heard about this one I tried to track it down for about 2 years . Finally after it 's release here for under $ 5 aus . I was highly disapointed by waiting in anticipation for what I was sure was going to be histerical 'cause of what other reviewers wrote about it . . It was a complete bore for about 30 minutes . I didnt think what they where doing was funny at all . The only funny bits where a couple of the sketches Chevy Chase was in and an amusing puppet . But the 4 or 5 laughs I had during this movie didnt save it.I 'd recomend you watch Kentucky Fried Movie instead of this snore fest . Even it 's attempt a stoner humour failed . Beleive me , i love these kind of movies , but this is by far one of the biggest piles of $ # ! % I have ever seen that so many have said is a classic . It doesnt compete with goof satire movies like ... - Kentucky Fried Movie - Airplane / Flying High 1 & 2 - Naked Gun 1 , 2 & 3 - Repossessed - Silence Of The Hams - Spaceballs - HotShots 1 & 2 - Loaded Weopen - Scary Movie - History Of The World - Young Frankinstein - Anything by Monty Pythoncheck out one of those instead .
 I 'm a great fan of all kinds of comedy , but this is incredibly amateurish and boring . Unfunny sketches that go on and on , completely unfunny . If you pay the postage , you can have my VHS copy for no extra charge . Otherwise I 'll just throw it away . Awful .
 If Amazon.com let me , I would have rated this dvd NEGATIVE 5 stars . Some actors really do some movies that stink , but this is one of the very , very , very few movies Chevy Chase acted in that smell like it had been floating in a sewer for centuries . The true indication that comedy is uncreative is when they resort to nudity as a crutch . One scene was really obscene . The scene was a children 's clown asking every non-kid to leave the room before he read sexually explicit passages from romance novels . If you are thinking of buying this , do this . Cash your paycheck . Pay your bills and with what is left , flush it directly down the toliet so you can cut out the middle man .
 Me and my girlfriend bought this movie one night and I was appauled.We turned it off after 30 minutes.And when the store did n't let me return it it went right into my fire place.I hated it .
 I bought `` The Groove Tube '' as a gift for my husband . We did the grind house / cult movie / midnite movie circuit when we started dating 30 years ago . Although it was fun to see Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer -LRB- among others -RRB- when they were just starting their careers , this movie has lost something over time . It is no longer shocking or rebelious , just kinda silly and a little gross.For those who want a `` blast from the past '' , Kentucky Fried Movie holds up much better !
 This Hong Kong kung fu film from 1979 offers a more complicated cross-generational plot than usual as a group of children seen in a prologue and flashbacks reunite , all grown up , to get revenge for crimes committed against their parents . Star Ti Lung plays both a father and his grown son in separate scenes . Although the English dubbing is terrible , there is a very nice score of original Chinese music . The photography and set design are above average , although the plot does get confusing . It all culminates in a big , gimmicky battle in a palace as the grown children take on evil master Wang Ching -LRB- a perennial villain in these films -RRB- . Other kung fu greats in the cast include female star Hsu Feng and high-kicker Tan Tao Liang .
 I bought this movie through Amazon because Arnold Vosloo was in it . For any Vosloo fan you should at least rent it . It 's nice to see Arnold in any movie , but he is only in it for about 15 min-the story line is n't bad . A sax player meets up with an old friend -LRB- Arnold -RRB- and unknowingly gets into his troubles and tries to get his life back .
 I bought this movie from Amazon because it had Arnold Vosloo in it . It 's about a man who meets up with a friend -LRB- Vosloo -RRB- and it changes his life . Unknown to the main character his long lost friend is up to his neck in trouble with a crooked man . He spend most of the movie trying to get his life back . Not a bad movie , but Arnold is only in it for about the first 15 minutes . A must have for die-hard Vosloo fans . It 's one of his first movies-89 .
 I do n't write many reviews here , but this film had none and I just watched it and wanted to help others avoid wasting their time and money.I watched two independent films in one weekend , Rain in the Mountains and Channels . The former suffered from bad acting and unskilled post-production , but had a charming story and acceptable writing . Channels was the exact opposite , with good acting/production but horrible writing . I found the former to be much more forgivable.The film is a mess . It is about a man who finally finds happiness with a fictional woman from a soap opera who is magically brought into his living room every so often due to a lightning strike . Unfortunately , we are given no reason to care about the man or the woman . We have little explanation as to why they are so unhappy at first , and no real feeling that fate was justified in putting them together . They share a couple of tame dates with each other and fall in love , but the middle of the story drags as all the writers could think of was to have them talk and talk about how great those dates were and how much in love they are.The beginning is bearable , the middle is long and torturous , and the end is once again bearable as he tries and save her from being written out of the soap so she can come back one last time forever . Overall , though , the sloppy writing , slow pacing , and bland editing make this a clunker to avoid at all costs . If you still want to see this movie , do n't buy it , I 'll give you my copy .
 This is a fantasy movie about a Hollywood moviemaker who falls in love with a woman from a TV Soap who magically appears from his TV.The move starts very slowly and confusing . The beginning and the ending were annoying.The most pleasant thing about the movie was the performance from the actress Kimberly Oja .
 I watched this mess last night , and I was extremely disappointed . This absolutely has to be the worse movie that I have watched in years . My only joy in this is that I only wasted $ 4 on it instead of $ 30 . The HD picture only enabled me to see how lame the special effects were , granted this was an indie film , but I 've seen better done with less . One particular sequence that stands out is a dream of someone riding a train , and it absolutely had to be the worst CGI that I have ever seen on a pressed disk . Not only was this scene awful , they kept showing it over and over and over again , like they did n't see how bad it was.The plot of the film is just as lame as the special effects . Black is a depressed producer has lightening strike his TV , and the female character that he admires from a crappy syndicated soap opera comes to life in his livingroom . When her show comes on , she disappears , and then returns . black then lets his life spiral down the tubes as he tries to hold on to this woman , which ultimately , he can not do . resulting in him ending up more depressed than he was at the beginning of the film .
 ... and that 's Nat Christian , who did the triple job of writing , directing , and acting . Apparently this stretched him too thin , because Channels suffers from a weak script and a lackluster performance by him as the male lead . In contrast , Kim Oja , the female lead , is a breath of fresh air.The story of `` Channels '' is a pretty straightforward fantasy . A Hollywood producer with professional success but a humdrum personal life falls in love with a TV character . Something inexplicable happens , and she suddenly pops into his life -- and the next day pops out again . When he tracks down the actress who plays the role , he discovers that she 's not the same sweet woman he met ; instead she 's a foul-mouthed shrew . Somehow the TV character has acquired a life in the real world -- except for the time when her show is airing.The two hit it off , with his work and her show forcing brief separations . But then the character is killed off her show , and he goes to great lengths to try to bring her back from TV limbo . I wo n't give away the ending , but that 's probably the weakest part of Christian 's script for this movie.In her dual roles as TV character and the greatly different actress , Kim Oja brings much-needed spirit to `` Channels '' . Taylor Negron , Ed Asner , Joan Van Ark , and John Kassir are quite good in supporting parts . The production values are good , considering this is clearly a low-budget picture . But overall I have to rate `` Channels '' a flop , because Nat Christian 's reach exceeded his grasp .
 just didnt do it for me . i thought it was something different . thought it was the whole documentary . but it wasnt
 I 'm a fan of ghost stories and of the original Amityville Horror movie . Thinking this was just the first sequel and made not long after that , I had higher expectations . First off , the name is confusing as you eventually figure out that this is the prequel to the first movie , not a sequel.Most of it is just plain ridiculous . I also found the incest to be a little disturbing , and not in a good horror movie kind of way . Like an I want my brain scrubbed out kind of way . Then somewhere towards the end , the author lifted the plot of The Exorcist making for predictability and disappointment . Do n't waste your time or money with this one and just watch the original if you get the urge .
 I 'm a big fan of horror and suspence movies , and this one really disappointed me . It did n't scare me at all , and the make up of the deads was poor . And it did n't kept me in suspence in any way.I didn ; t like it at all
 I must admit that I could n't bring myself to watch the last one . These STINK . The end of the first movie encapsulates the whole mess
 Not your usual surf film . If you are just looking for lots of waves , fun music and great maneuvers , this is not the film for you . The film goes through a daily routine of professional -LRB- yet unsponsored -RRB- surf champion Pauline Menczer with other female surfers , and makes a great point that it is completely wrong that a female surfer of this caliber has not received a sponsor . It demonstrates the lack of support for women 's as compared to mens surfing . Unfortunately , between the lengthy unnecessary off-beach scenes and the annoyingly feminine commentary , it was difficult for my husband and I to sit through , unlike the other 20 + quality surf films we own . I will most likely give it away , but at least it made a good point .
 While pretty to look at , it 's impossible to care about this dud . If you want some nice visuals on the wall but do n't care about story , characters , suspense , etc. then this is your film . I like Korean cinema , but this is a real low point . See Volcano High instead -LRB- subtitled , not dubbed ! -RRB- .
 This Blade Runner wannabe is a complete dud . The bloody fighting at the end is completely unnecessary . It is one of the worst Korean movies I have watched . What a waste of my life .
 First the good news
 My girlfriend and I just saw this turkey last night and all I can say is `` calling it a Korean Blade Runner is just SACRILEDGE ! There are only 4 things that this forgettable scifi flick even remotely has in common with Blade Runner
 This movie is a real disappointment.It is based on `` Blade Runner '' , but lacks all the deep ideas that made Blade Runner so good . Blade Runner is full with violence , true , but the violence is for the purpose of the movie . Here , the violence is just for `` action '' , and does not serve the movie at all.It is just bad another action movie that uses Blade Runner as a makeup .
 Love Vince Vaughn and the wife loves Reece . Do yourself a favor and rent this one do n't buy ...
 I have nothing to say concerning this movie 's plot , there was n't one . I will say that it 's not a movie intended for children . In fact , it 's not a movie intended for anyone that appreciates good humor , warmth , drama , or the Christmas spirit . The film takes talented actors and provides them a vehicle that must leave them shamefaced and embarrassed . My wife and I saw this in the theater , walked out after the `` third '' Christmas . If this movie does anything for your holiday spirit , it will destroy it . It 's sad to see what some actors will do to make a buck . If you receive this as a Christmas gift , please do n't watch it . Instead , include it with the wrapping and boxes intended for the fireplace .
 My Title says it all . My Wife and I sat down to watch a Christmas movie together and decided to rent this.I wish I could get my 1hr and 29 mins back . This movie is bad , only reason I gave it 2 stars was Reese Witherspoon.Vaughn still ca n't act his way out of a paper bag and the rest of the cast was painful to watch . If you want a funnyChristmas movie to rent on Amazon check out Surviving Christmas with Ben Affleck .
 Worst film I have seen in a long time , I wish I could give it zero stars.Not funny , badly acted and awful lack of story line . Sooo soo bad , please save yourself 90 minutes , watch soemthing else .
 predictable , and not all the funny . Reese as always , looks beautiful . I thought this movie would get us in the holiday spirit , but not really . Skip it .
 I 'm not sure how to explain all the things wrong with this movie . I agree with the reviewer who said this was a huge step back for Reese Witherspoon . This is a Christmas movie that starts out with a couple who live together but to spice up their love life , they cruise bars and pretend they do n't know each other . In the first five minutes there is a word I would n't want my kids to hear and I did n't care for it in a Christmas movie either . The big line in this movie is `` you ca n't spell families without lies . That nearly says it all . This couple plans a trip for the holidays telling their family they ca n't visit but are caught on a TV camera at the airport which blows their `` lie '' about why they ca n't visit . They have to visit four families as both their parents are divorced . There is not a redeeming quaility here . If you want a feel good , truly Chrismas movie , this is n't it . One person said she would put this as one of the 25 worst films she had seen . I would take that down to ten . To each their own , but we wo n't be watching this again .
 We love the actors in this movie , but the story really was n't that great and there was n't a redeeming factor at the end .
 It has a few funny moments , but overall just feels like a forced premise and Vince Vaughn 's stereotypical acting and fast talking humor gets old about 5 minutes in . Robert Duvall is hilarious though .
 Oh boy . Let me say I usually like Vince Vaughan and Reese Witherspoon and I love holiday movies . These three apparently do n't mix well , though . This movie has no real direction and poor editing . There is no real connections made between any of the characters , including Vince and Reese . Save your time and watch Elf again , for the hundredth time -- it will be much more enjoyable !
 There is absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie - the characters are unbelievably annoying , demanding and unlikeable . Christmas takes the back seat to petty arguments and drama . Nothing to recommend about this one .
 There were a few laughs to be had , but I had a lot of trouble feeling much for the characters , and it barely resembled Christmas in any form I have ever experienced . Who has a bounce house with all the kids in the neighborhood in it on Christmas day ?
 I chose this because it was Christmas and had Reese Witherspoon . It had a sort of good ending but overall tacky for a Christmas movie and for her caliber of acting .
 Do not see this horrible movie . this movie sux cuz baby pukes all over RW . thats why its bad . i hate vomitting jokes . buts it is fine when it get on an unanimated object but not on a person . especialy a blonde thats hot . or anyone its not funnie
 This movie had bad acting and writing . I could n't believe that this was actually funded ... and that I paid $ 4 so support movies like this . Throughout most of the show I thought this looked like a bad made for TV movie .
 This film did not impress me . I read some reviews beforehand , and figured that it was n't a masterpiece by any means.It feels like it was thrown together at the last minute , and both of the leads look totally bored most of the time . Do n't get me wrong , there were some really funny moments in the film , but unfortunately , most of the film was rather weak , even stupid . You can tell that Vince Vaughn tries to save the day through improvisation.See it if you have nothing else to do , or you could just wait for the DVD , which is what I wish that I had done .
 This film was a bitter disappointment . I would give it zero stars if that was an option . Not even the usually wonderful Reese Witherspoon could save this holiday turkey . To be fair , neither Vaughn nor Witherspoon had a lot to work with , script-wise . The opening scene is crude and strange , and seems very out of place in what is being marketed as a `` holiday movie '' . The closing scene just rehashes one of the main opening `` jokes '' . The remaining middle of the film is a mess of crude , Farrelly Brothers type `` humor '' mixed with hokey sentiment . I found the church scene particularly offensive and I 'm not especially religious . I 'd hate to think how offensive other viewers may have found it . Not even cameos by Jon Voight and Sissy Spacek could save this film . There are a wealth of really wonderful holiday movies - this is n't one of them . Please save your $ $ and purchase a tried and true holiday classic and stay away from this utter turkey .
 Waste of money , film , talent and time . I did n't even crack a smile let along laugh . The writers , producers and director should be shot .
 DO NOT LET CHILDREN SEE THIS MOVIE !!!!!! I heard it was a fun family movie so we rented it . In the first five minutes , there are cuss words , sexual references , and a steamy makeout scene . It is horrible . I told my daughter to close her eyes , and then we continued to watch once that scene was over . About halfway through , it says that Santa Claus is not real ! My daughter ran away crying !!!!!!!! Even I did not enjoy it . The `` humor '' was not funny , just ridiculous . Do yourself a favor and rent `` Elf '' for a fun family movie . `` Four Christmases '' is ABSOLUTELY AWFUL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This movie is stupid , pointless , boring , runs on and on , is not funny , gets annoying and is just a total mess . These type of movies sucks anyway but this is one of the worst I have had the displeasure of watching . Vince Vaughn & Reese play the same boring roles they play in every movie they are in ... lame .
 I was forced to watch this movie on a recent bus trip . Sure , I get the idea ... two yuppies whose families are so awful they lie to avoid getting together with them for the holidays -LRB- and instead treat themselves to selfish tropical vacations -RRB- only to realize in the end that love ca n't be controlled or categorized . OK , not a bad premise , but the main characters are unlikeable , self obsessed jerks . The movie is full of sterotyping , gratuitous violence and cursing , even by children . Is the acting good ? Who would even care . I wish I could erase the memory of this from my brain .
 This was stupid . I tried to watch it but could only take about 15 minutes of it before I turned it off . Two selfish people are forced to inflict themselves on their families for the holidays . Had good potential but it failed in the execution.If Robert Duval , Reese Witherspoon and the other quality actors could not save the story nothing could . Do n't believe in book burning but I might consider burning this movie to save some future innocent person from having it inflicted upon them .
 I love Reese Witherspoon and have found Vince Vaughn funny in other movies . This is not one of them . My husband made the comment , in watching this movie , that Christmas movies should be suitable for families . Considering that he is the least likely of us to like the season , it was quite an amazing comment.This movie is awful . It lacks substance , acting , a believeable plot ... well , ok , practically any plot . Why these two people whould ever get together in the first place makes no sense , because there is no chemistry between the two main characters , and that 's BEFORE we meet these horrendous families . You have to like something about people to find something in ourselves that we can attach ourselves to . If you find something in these people to attach yourself to , please do n't tell anyone else . There is nothing in these familes you 'd ever like ... and the only thing about Christmas is the title ... and by the way , if they visited those families for as long as they did , they 'd have to stay at least 36 hours.Disjointed ... fabricated ... poor acting ... just awful . This holiday season ... skip it !
 I am easy to please , but this has got to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen ! I do n't think I laughed once . It was disturbing , stupid and quite `` racy '' in spots , there is a lot of sexual talk . I would not want my 13 year old watching it.Don ' t waste your time .
 A lot of people told me that this was a terrible movie , but I really like Vince Vaughn and Reece Witherspoon , so I figured `` Four Christmases '' could n't be THAT bad . Well , I was wrong . It is downright awful . Vince and Reece do the best job they can with a terrible script that reads more like a horror movie than a holiday comedy . There are a few humorous moments , but for the most part , I shuddered throughout the entire film , wondering what horrible things would happen to these poor people next . The one good thing about the movie is that it 's super short , so if you do decide to be brave and watch it , you wo n't have to suffer for very long . However , I suggest steering clear of this one altogether .
 Vince Vaughn seems to be going down the same path of Will Ferrell . Two funny guys who apparently have a one dimensional ability to keep you laughing only within the spectrum of specific circumstances . Four Christmases was not that venue . While I admittedly did let a burst of chuckling escape now and again it was more of the slapstick comedy than anything the actor might have done . I am a little surprised that Reese Witherspoon participated in a movie of this nature . She always seemed more seasoned and above a swing and a complete miss such as this.Damn , now that sounds harsh does n't it ? Let me back up a little . It was a Sunday evening , my fantasy football team had lost , knocking out any glimmer that I had of the playoffs and I was tired from drinking a little too much the night before . It is surprising how a little wine can knock you for a loop when you do n't drink that much . You get dinged for drinking in excess and you get dinged when you do n't drink enough . You just ca n't win anymore can you?So we rented a movie to go with the theme of Thanksgiving since I had watched a total of four in the span of four days . I seem to go in spurts of movie watching and I am smack in the middle of an episode . My girlfriend and I do n't always agree with our first choices so we settled on Four Christmases as a compromise . It seemed light hearted and we always like a good laugh . My first choice was the GI Joe movie but she vetoed that immediately . I guess I will have to watch that one today while she is out and enjoy it in the quite solitude as I crank the volume on high.Four Christmases is about a man a woman who are living together and are so removed from family feelings they do n't even have the desire to get married . They spend their holidays on various beaches lying to their families so they do n't have to venture back home . Both sets of both parents are divorced so they have in total four houses for Christmas . As luck would have it their flight gets canceled and they are they get interviewed on TV at the airport . Their families ' view the nightly news and they find themselves stuck seeing all four parents for one Christmas holiday . Are you stressed yet ? It is difficult seeing one set of parents , it might kill you to see that much family all in one day.As you might expect everyone is the most dysfunctional insane people you might find anywhere on the planet . I wonder how these two turned out normal at all . The couple goes through the typical road bump that faces all couples in romantic comedies and they then figure out how to proceed in life . Ah , is n't it good that everything always works out in the end.It was a little short on common sense and the believability of almost anyone was stretched . Nobody has that many messed up people in one family . Somebody needs to be normal to keep the peace . Laughs were physical acts of babies puking and falling off of roofs . It just did n't have any depth at all . I do n't have to have much in a movie but give me something.It is not the worst movie I have ever seen and if you are in the mood for a couple of beers beforehand it might make it a little worthwhile . I ca n't imagine there not being something better on to watch but if you get stuck in a pinch it wo n't make you break out in hives . How is that for a resounding endorsement?Can ' t recommend this one but to each his own as they say .
 I believe this is my first one-star review . I was really looking forward to a new Christmas-themed movie when I saw this film last Christmas -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . I thought that with such a star-studded cast the film would be fantastic . What a huge disappointment ! The film was full of opportunities but failed to follow-up in any meaningful way . I 'm not against comedy -LRB- and comedy can be meaningful -RRB- , but for the most part the jokes and physical comedy were rather lame . If you saw the promotional trailer , you saw the best this film has to offer . Save your money . It 's not even worth watching on TV .
 We watched this hoping for a good laugh & ended up with an occasional smile . There are several Oscar winners in this film . But there were also four writers . Does n't matter how good the actors are if the material is poor , there 's only so much that can be done with it . Too bad .
 Not a movie I would watch a second time . A few funny moments but overall boring . Not a feel good holiday movie .
 Thought it would be a fun Christmas movie to watch . It turned out to be a bit raunchy from the onset for family viewing .
 I was attracted to the star line up and the story had promise but fell very flat . This could have been a classic holiday movie unfortunately this movie has too many crude moments to be funny . Makes fun of red necks , Cougars , and aging California hippies to an extreme I found tiring . For some context to this remark , I liked Billy Bob Thorton in Bad Santa but it had more depth than Four Christmas which does not have the heart one looks for in a holiday movie whether a comedy , romance , drama or action movie . I made it through once but , I will not watch this movie again .
 DVD stopped in middle and could not resume and only started over . Need work on the rentals . I do not feel obligated to pay rental .
 This movie was pretty sucky . It tried to be funny but I think Vince Vaughn has overplayed this type of character .
 Do n't buy this movie . It 's awful . My wife and I could n't even finish it . I love hokey Christmas movies , but this is just garbage .
 It was a slapstick comedy which was not anything like the warm christmas story I hoped for . It signified living together outside of marriage and broken families . It was n't even funny .
 This movie sets a new low for bad movies . It was totally unwatchable after about 10 minutes . I was stunned by how terrible it is in acting , story line , egos , etc. . I let a younger co-worker borrow it since she had not seen it yet . I hope she is still my friend after she watches it . OMG !!! It is soooo awful . Put your hard earned money in a shredder rather than buy this disc . It is toxic to the senses !
 Awful movie !!! Rented it last night and wished I had n't spent my dollar ! Great cast of characters but the director and producer obviously did n't know what to do or where to go with their ideas . Tried to be funny and tried to be serious but failed at all attempts . If you want to see some really Christmasy movies Elf and Polar Express are must-sees ! Leave Four Christmases on the shelf with the elf !
 I agree with the 1 star reviews . There are some great stars in this movie and I love Reese Witherspoon . This had all the makings of a Christmas classic , but it is certainly missing something . There are some humorous spots , but too few and I looked forward to the end of the movie . I am donating my copy to Goodwill !
 Five Oscar winning actors in the cast and nothing to show for it . I was hoping for a flick that evoked the spirit of Christmas and received the proverbial lump of coal in the stocking . The humor is mostly derivative and unfunny . The best gag involves Robert Duvall 's green shag carpetting in his living room . Shockingly Reese Witherspoon and Vince Vaughn are totally unappealing playing the worst kind of narcissistic yuppies imaginable . Vaughn should avoid holiday fare after this dreck and `` Fred Claus '' . What saves this flick from the absolute nadir is the all-too-brief appearances of the aforementioned Duvall and Jon Voight . Do yourself a favor if you want a flick that better captures the spirit of the season is to check out `` The Holiday '' ... or `` Bad Santa '' .
 It 's a horrible movie . I sat through the movie in utter shock and horror . Every second of the movie was appalling.The two of them were abused growing up , so now they avoid seeing their families , with good reasons . For some unknown reason they felt they had to put themselves back in their abusive homes for Christmas just because their families realized they were avoiding their abusive families all these years.So , they go home to visit their now-divorced parents , and no surprise , their childhood abuse resumed , and everyone laughed at their plight because it 's hilarious watching the two main characters tormented , beaten up , and placed in situations where they felt frightened or had their phobias triggered . Absolutely hilarious.The audience for some reason were expected to laugh at the main characters ' plights and not feel sympathetic at all to their situation . We were supposed to mock their suffering along with their abusive family members.Well , unless if you 're a horrible , abusive person , who enjoys watching people suffer , I do n't see any reason you would enjoy this film.Disclaimer
 Wanted to like this movie because I think Vince Vaughn is great and Reese is a beautiful actress ... but I was glad when it was over .
 Well i picked up Four Christmases and was excited to see Reese Witherspoon and Vince Vaughn together in a movie . I exspected to see a funny family comedy . Dont get me wrong , i already was prepared for some things my children shouldnt watch but people said it was a `` Great Family movie '' . Well they were wrong . In the first 3 minutes there are VERY sexual references , about 3 or 4 cuss words , and Reese and Vince went into the bathroom and it shows them kissing and her wrapping her legs around him and suggests some very innapropriate behavior . Also there are very innapropriate things like a six or seven year old boy streaking , a woman talking about the `` pains of breast feeding '' , and a thirty or so man having an affair with like a 60 year old woman , who often talk about what they do in bed.Trust me there are more than that but you get the picture . My kids were horrified at this movie . If were you i would steer clear of this bad apple .
 I love Romantic Comedies - this was n't either.I did not make it through the first 5 minutes of this film . I had to turn it off and warn everyone it was nasty . Within the first five minutes , you have a sleezy bar scene where the main characters have a less-than-wholesome discussion -LRB- full of vicious put downs -RRB- , the man Reese Witherspoon 's character is supposed to fall in love with calls her a B **** and the next thing you know , they are in the next room with her legs locked around his waist and he has her up against a wall.I guess Hollywood thought a fade scene consists of what happened above followed by the couple exiting the room adjusting their clothes . NO class . If I could give it a negative 20 I would .
 This will NOT be a Christmas tradition at our house . It was mean and ugly . Shows only the bad aspects of the holiday and families , none of the good things . They manage to make even the actors look bad .
 I really wanted to like this movie ; it has a great cast ; and I am a sucker for Christmas movies . Witherspoon is someone I know and like from other films ; I am not a fan Vaughn but he did n't actually annoy me -LRB- at least not much -RRB- . The supporting cast includes people I would watch read the phone book which , come to think of it , would probably have been more entertaining . How any group of people , let alone people as talented as the cast of this film , would decided this script was worth doing , and why any studio would finance it is beyond me . There are at least 6 dozen Christmas comedies that are better written and funnier ; find one of them instead !
 This movie will never become a holiday classic that everyone must see . Disappointing in story , delivery , content , etc. . Even for a PG-13 movie , the language and sexual implications were over the top . It weighs in at the bottom of the barrel and personally , I 'd recommend you avoid it at all costs . There are simply more delightful ways to get in the spirit . Try Love Actually or for romantic comedy , While You Were Sleeping for your holiday viewing .
 an okay movie for Christmas-crazy viewers . Reese Witherspoon is always so lovely , and even though you know where the movie will end up , it 's kinda fun to watch ! For renting , not for buying .
 Dreadful disappointment . Great idea , pathetic script and use of ` comic ' violence . Cast andaudience poorly served . There are many alternatives and life is finite .
 I bought this for a friend and watched it with him . I knew it would be bad and it was . I guess if you like this kind of thing then it would be good for you . I on the other hand have taste .
 Do not waste your time ! This movie is a terrible waste of Reese Witherspoon 's talent ... disappointing in every way including violence .
 Ick . what an odd bunch . Too much ! I got this on recommendation of a co-worker but the families in this are sooo odd !
 I did not enjoy this movie for one moment . I love Christmas movies and this one is not to add to my collection .
 This film has the perfect setup to be a big hit ... it comes out on DVD over the holidays when -LRB- many -RRB- people are , after a day or two , trying to get away from the relatives for awhile , and the plot even centers on that same subject matter ! Yet , through a multitude of problems , first and foremost being the continued dumbing down of what people must think is funny , it fails to resonate on any level.Basically , the story sees a couple -LRB- played by Reece Witherspoon and Vince Vaughn -RRB- trying to escape their holiday family get-togethers due to tension from both sets of parents . However , when their flight to Fiji is cancelled due to fog , they are forced to spend the day at four different homes -LRB- both sets of their parents are divorced -RRB- celebrating Christmas . They meet a wide variety of odd characters and even begin to drift away from each other once past secrets begin to be revealed.While that may sound like an interesting concept , it just does n't get off the group . First , the lead couple , though played by the very competent Witherspoon and Vaughn , are so unlikable that you really ca n't get drawn into their relationship . In fact , you may actually root AGAINST them as they are so annoying . Secondly , the auxiliary family members that should bring the comedy to the film are , in actually , quite annoying themselves also . Not until the last home do you get a touch of interesting character development , but by then you really do n't care anymore.However , the biggest problem with the entire film is that it relies on far too many sight gags and an over abundance of crude humor . The scenes in the film that should get the biggest laughs involve `` Vaughn '' falling off a roof , a breast pump , and a baby vomiting . Now I suppose that when it comes to humor it 's sort of `` to each his own '' , but personally I feel that resorting to that type of humor is a cheap way to get a chuckle -LRB- if that -RRB- and does n't really endear itself to viewers.Thus , here is the real test of whether or not I found this to be enjoyable whatsoever
 with all the great actors cast in this movie I just expected more from it . The concept was good and I think they could have done a lot more with it . There were a few funny parts but not a lot , I fell asleep near the end of the movie so that tells you how interesting and captivating it was to the viewer .
 I think that my title says it all . This movie had real potential with an interesting concept and two bankable stars , but somehow the writers totally missed the boat . The two main characters are live-in lovers who plan to spend Christmas in Fiji , as far away from family as possible . When their flight is fogged in , they feel obligated to visit all four households in their fractured families . The households could have been amusing , but instead they are tasteless and over-the-top . Somehow projectile vomiting by a baby and wrestling matches between grown men did not seem amusing to me . My advice is to rent `` White Christmas '' or `` It 's a Wonderful Life '' instead .
 I was so disappointed in this movie . It was very predictable and parts were plain old annoying . I would not recommend this at all . I love Reese Witherspoon , but she should have thought twice before doing this movie . I bought it is blu ray too because I assumed it would be good . I was wrong .
 Vince Vaughn and Reese Witherspoon `` who could do much better than this movie '' play an unmarried couple looking to spend their Christmas vacation on an exotic island . Things do n't go as planned when their flight is canceled and they wind up visiting relatives which they wanted to avoid doing the most.I found the movie a bit un-involving and even boring at times . Vince Vaughn seems to just do movies if they are a comedy and Jon Favereau is co-starring in it with him . I do n't think he even reads the scripts to his films any more . Fred Claus was n't fantastic , yet this movie makes that look like a Christmas classic . Plus that at least had some charm and heart-warming moments . I 'd honesty even watch Christmas with the Kranks again over ever viewing this again . The film has mild laughs but it lacks fun or joy even .
 While this movie effectively alienates or offends married couples , homosexuals , seniors , adult children , mothers , and Christians , it surely has one redeeming quality . Alas , I was not able to endure the film long enough to determine if there was anything that redeemed this film . Indeed , half way through the film , I decided that the ratio of moments of humor to moments of awkwardness , inappropriate sexual situation/double-entendre , or offensiveness did not warrant my time .
 What a waste of money and now I see it 's only $ 6.99 . What a shame I spent $ 15.99 on it because the trailer looked funny . This money is a chore to sit thru . Reese is as darling as usual , but the script is lacking . I would not recommend it . My copy has been given away already to someone who wanted to see this movie because she likes the actors in it .
 This movie is not intertaining at all . Very crude and disgusting scenes add nothing to the movie . The actors involved in this movie are certainly too good for this `` let down '' movie . I was very disappointed in it .
 The other one-star reviews say almost everything that needs to be said . 4C 's is an absolute stinker of a film.The only thing that has n't been mentioned by other insightful reviewers is that Vince Vaughn is not really funny at all . He 's sarcastic in a rapid-fire but predictable manner . To paraphrase John Knowles ' `` A Separate Peace , '' Sarcasm is the weapon of the weak .
 Like the other 1 star reviews on here , I was hopeful for this movie . I have enjoyed past comedies from Vince , Reese , Robert Duvall and others in this movie . However , it was a total disappointment . It starts off with some crude humor at Robert Duvall 's house . I can deal with that . However , when it gets to the point of them visiting Reese 's mom in the movie , it quickly travels down the toilet . There is a scene of total ridicule of the Nativity . If you are of the Christian or Catholic faith , you will find this extremely insulting to your faith . If you are an atheist liberal , you will most likely find this funny.It was at this point , we turned off the movie . Thankfully , I will be returning this to RedBox where I rented it . I am glad that we did NOT buy it . I agree with others who recommend Christmas Vacation for good humor about the effects of family at Christmas . There are plenty of other good Christmas movies - Unaccompanied Minors , Polar Express , The Santa Clause movies , etc. that are more suitable family viewing . This movie was a total disappointment and insult those who believe in the real reason for CHIRSTmas - the birth of Jesus Christ . Steer clear of this one if you tired of liberal Hollywood bashing anything Christian / Catholic .
 Synopsis
 How did some producer get Reece Witherspoon and Robert Duval to play in this gross film that insults the values of everything decent about families , relationships , kids , adults , pregnancy , ... . and more and more . Nothing in the movie was funny . Just a gross waste of time and money . We quit after about 40 minutes but can not imagine any way this film could ever redeem itself .
 Absolutely dreadful movie . This film with five Oscar winners - Reese Witherspoon , Robert Duvall , Sissy Spacek , Mary Steenburgen , and Jon Voight - has to be a low point in all their careers . Not a laugh or even a smile to be had throughout the entire film . You can add a star if you 're a fan of Vince Vaughn 's motor-mouth delivery and antics -LRB- obviously I 'm not -RRB- . Predictable from the opening scene to the requisite happy ending . Vaughn and Witherspoon are a couple -LRB- unmarried -RRB- , both with divorced parents . Stranded when their vacation flight is fogged in , Vaughn and Witherspoon find it necessary to visit all four parents and their families on Christmas day . Duvall , Steenburgen , Spacek and Voight -LRB- as the parents -RRB- are pretty much wasted -LRB- Duvall seems to just phone in his now-familiar `` old Codger '' routine -RRB- , with the first three downright embarrassing . Three of the four visits result in humiliation and unbelievable absurdity , while for some reason Voight -LRB- Witherspoon 's father -RRB- escapes the caricatures scripted for the other three . The only thing good about the film is its relatively short running time .
 I really like Reese Witherspoon and had seen a lot of positive promotion for this movie . What a major disappointment . In all honesty I would rank this film among the top 25 worst films I have ever seen . I found very little humor in it . Many of the attempted gags are ripoffs of other successful Christmas movies , including Christmas Vacation . In this film they fall flat . The adult characters all act like back woods idiots . The kids are ill mannered brats . The movie was so annoying I had to turn it off after an hour . Nobody has a perfect family , but Four Christmas paints such a cynical and negative view of families it 's actually offensive to watch . I 'm really surprised that Reese Witherspoon would agree to this script after her critically acclaimed performance in Walk the Line . This is a major step back for her .
 WHY was the movie made ? Really - what was the point ? Absolutely pointless and tasteless . There was n't ONE laugh in the entire movie . There were a lot of good actors in this - they ca n't be that hard up for movie roles ! It 's even worse than `` The Ugly Truth '' -LRB- and that movie was beyond bad -RRB- . .
 Bored me to the point that I walked away . A shame as I love Vaughn and find he and Witherspoon both to be good actors . I was just bored with the storyline .
 Four Christmases is the least endearing Christmas movie I 've ever seen . It has a poor story with characters that you are supposed to like but only end up hating . Unlike , say , National Lampoon 's Christmas Vacation , where the family was crazy but we ended up loving them anyway , the four families in Four Christmases are all without any redeeming qualities whatsoever . Whereas Christmas Vacation showed how important family was even when everything around them went wrong , Four Christmases basically supports the notion of the two main characters that they 're better off avoiding them.Basically , all their parents -LRB- except maybe her dad -RRB- have no parental qualities at all . There is no reconciliation between anybody . What exactly was supposed to be so funny about all the over-the-top things that happen , if there is nobody to like ? There are no family qualities to any of them , to the point when it was just downright offensive . I did n't feel the least bit like laughing . I just hated their families - and eventually Brad , too , a loudmouthed and ultimately selfish man . Reese Witherspoon 's character was the only character I felt for , but eventually I lost my respect for her too for choosing to be with that man.The message is extremely heavyhanded and clumsy . How are families as awful as theirs important when they do n't care for them in return ? In NP 's Christmas Vacation , you came to care for the family . Not so much here , I just hated the lot of them . Me and my parents made a mental note to keep this film on the shelf in the future .
 It 's just my personal opinion . I am not a fan of juvenile humor and this movie is full of it . Yes , it made me laugh a few times , but I was more often mildly disgusted than anything else .
 Waiting for it to be funny . everything was typical &#34; redneck brother &#34; jokes , range rover couple dealing with the world humor . boring .
 If you are looking for an anti-religous movie in general , and an anti-Catholic one in particualr , this is the one . It is a pro-gay treatise that is insulting in both premise and dialogue . A comedy it is not .
 A appreciate the fact that Kathleen Turner is trying to get back into acting , after all her health issues , but this film was a real stinker . Amazon offered as a pre-release , so I spent the $ 10 to watch it.Bad acting , slow moving , predictable . Maybe for free , but I would not waste my time if I had it to do over again .
 When I rated the low score , it was not for the movie itself , as I was never able to watch it when I first loaded it . Have n't attempted to load it again . It would not load to the device as expected .
 This movie feels as though it was written for a high school curriculum in health and family explorations . It lacks depth and insight . Kathleen Turner is a great actor and does her best to pull along a dull and predictable storyline ; but the film seems shallow . Her performances in Serial Mom and War of the Roses as well as the great The Accidental Tourist show her ability to play a complex character and intriguing mom . She continues to be a great and accomplished role model for all those in the arts . This movie is simply a misstep . It happens every now and then even to the really great ones .
 I was not able to watch this movie , even though I purchased ... for some reason the movie would not start on my kindle fire .
 With a script that includes lines like , `` I do n't have to think , I 'm Catholic ! '' , this film is another example of how anti-Catholicism is one of the last acceptable forms of bigotry in America . If you enjoy films that misrepresent a faith tradition while supporting the redefinition of marriage , you will enjoy this film .
 Not the best movie I have seen lately . The acting was average , at best . Not great filming quality or music .
 Same old , same old ... Catholic bad , progressive good ... Just a poorly written film with tired old lines.It was tough to watch with all the cliches . Hard to see why it had four stars and that 's why my wife and I rented it .
 A few laughs but I need more than a few to give a good rating . Loosely written and KT ca n't carry the whole thing . She misses her mark . Maybe my expectations were too much since her early movies . Watchable but not too much of a movie .
 A well-meaning but rather trite treatment of Catholicism , homosexuality and abortion . I would have thought it quite meaningful when I was still in Catholic school . Now , it seems like more sophisticated insights abound .
 Save your time and money and stay away from this horrible excuse of a sequel to the 1973 classic . How in the world can ANY actor fill the shoes -LRB- in the same roles -RRB- of Robert Redford and Paul Newman ??? That alone is enough warning .
 The plot for this stinker looked promising
 What do you do when you 've made one of the biggest hits of all time but no amount of money can tempt your cast or director back ? You pay the writer whatever he asks -LRB- then pay him even more not to direct after his directorial debut , Cannery Row , flops -RRB- , hope that no-one will notice that Paul Newman and Robert Redford have turned into Jackie Gleason -LRB- well , if you ca n't get The Hustler , hire Minnesota Fats -RRB- and Mac Davis and put a II after the title . Or at least that 's what Universal did in 1983 with The Sting II -LRB- aka The Next Sting -RRB- , having learned nothing from the box-office failure of Butch and Sundance
 This movie might have been ok if it was a story on its own , rather than trying to be a sequel to `` The Sting '' . First off , how can you possibly replace Redford and Newman ? Second and critical , which is really a non-negotiable fact from the first movie - Doyle Lonnegan did NOT KNOW he was stung by Gondorf and Hooker . How could he possibly be out for revenge if he did n't know ? Plus , he saw them `` die '' just before he was pulled out of the club . Even if he realized that he was set up and taken , who would he go after - the dead guys ? Changing critical facts from the first movie creates a sequel which makes no sense and does not deserve to associate itself with the original . If you pretend it 's a totally unrelated movie with different character names , it 's ok - but that 's about it .
 I am sorry to say that this production of a follow up to a wonderful piece of cinema does not even come close to Sting 1 .
 This is not anything like the original Sting . I thought it would be a worthy follow up but it was just strained . I would not recommend it .
 I am not a car-chase and explosion guy . I like intelligent movies that provoke thought , so I came to this movie based on what I read about it here on Amazon . I thought it would be perfect for me . I was wrong . This movie is well-acted . There are moments of freshness , and I very much liked the scene in which Auggie and Paul are looking through Auggie 's photo albums . I thought then this would be a special movie , but I was disappointed . Three-quarters of the way through , I was still waiting for another scene like the early one that really hooked me . I did n't find one , and I had no idea why I was watching the film . I understand this is a `` slice of life film , '' and I understand the metaphor of the title , `` Smoke , '' but this movie dissipates too rapidly , is a little too insubstantial . I was never really engaged by the characters ; I never really was able to get behind the facade , so to speak . Throughout the film , I did n't really care whether I saw it through to the end or not , though I will say the ending was nice as a stand-alone . It was not enough to make the movie worthwhile .
 i was hoping to see the roots of derby . this movie showed all the parts of derby i like to avoid , squabbles , politics , fakeness . i was n't impressed .
 I am extremely disappointed with my DVD purchase on the amazon.com website.Firstly , it took two months to ship from the States to South-Africa -LRB- yes , the correct address in South-Africa but the delay can be excused -RRB- . When I invited friends to watch the DVD with our family , I was shocked to find out that the DVD would n't even insert into the player . The message was short and simple
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE ... IT DOES NOT GET BORRING . BEFORE I SAW THIS MOVIE I DID NOT KNOW THE STORY OF RITCHIE , ALL I KNEW WAS HE SANG `` lA BAMBA '' , AND `` DONNA '' , AND WAS KILLED IN A PLANE CRASH WITH -LRB- JP RICHARDSONG -RRB- - THE BIG BOPPER , AND MY PERSANOL FAVORITE 50 'S ARTIST BUDDY -LRB- CHARLES HARDIN HOLLEY -RRB- HOLLY . THIS MOVIE IS WORTH SEING OVER , AND OVER AGAIN . LOU D. PHILLIPS DOES A GREAT JOB . I ALSO RECOMEND THE FABULOUS FILM `` THE BUDDY HOLLY STOORY '' STARRING GARY BUSEY .
 I was really excited to see that La Bamba was available on here , so I ordered it right away . I sang the songs at work everyday until my package came in . As soon as I picked it up I could hear the DVD rattling around in the case , sure enough when I opened the case it the DVD was scratched .
 Very poor quality dvd . Audio is lousy , video is not much better . They must have made this dvd from a poor quality vhs tape . Not worth the price .
 Unless you are interested in the challenges posed by introducing a number of displaced youth who have grown up in an extremely deprived and disjointed society to the United States , this movie will not `` do it '' for you.If you take any child -LRB- or adult for that matter -RRB- out of ANY of the most deprived regions of this world -LRB- including some parts of the USA -RRB- & transplant them to an environment with modern conveniences and societal norms , they would have the same challenges faced by the Sudanese kids . They do n't need to be refugees first.The most intriguing phenomenon in the entire film is the obvious mistrust and lack of connection between poor African-Americans and poor Africans , beyond the color of their skin.For the most part , the situation exists between most working-class Africans and the African-Americans with whom they are lumped up with and have to coexist with at work and home -LRB- if they live in predominantly black neighborhoods -RRB- and is therefore nothing new , unless you are of a different race .
 I wanted to like John Cassavetes , I really did . I love the idea of total disregard for the system , complete focus on the actors -LRB- sloppy technicalities be damned -RRB- , & being as intimate & realistic as possible . However , this requires realistic acting and likable characters . The acting , especially in the opening drinking scene , is HORRIBLE . No one acts like this when they 're drunk ; it 's way too overdone , even for theater it would be overdone , & it 's embarrassing to watch . These characters just talk & talk , going in circles
 This film is difficult to watch for many reasons . It is below average both artistically and technically . The film is a classic of its genre but for me HUSBANDS and WOMAN UNDER THE INFLUENCE are much better as films . -LSB- Note how the excessive laughter in FACES is annoying and unrealistic whilst in HUSBANDS it is natural and enjoyable . -RSB-
 I thought Cassavetes ' `` A Woman Under the Influence '' was brilliant , but I 'm sorry to say I only lasted 20 minutes into Faces before turning it off . I know it is supposed to be ground-breaking , influential , a masterpiece , etcetera , but I just could not take the annoying characters any longer . The first 20 minutes appeared to be some improvisational piece that had over-stayed its welcome.I respect what Cassavetes did for American independent film , but I think you really have to love experimental film to enjoy Faces .
 I just rented this movie and would like to give a small review to any interested in this zombie film . I 'm a huge zombie fan and I must see any movie relating to the undead . I 've seen just about all of them and I 'll say that this one is mediocre at best . The idea is great and I would love to see someone else make a sequel along the same idea as this movie -LRB- but done better of course -RRB- . It 's a great concept but executed poorly by the actors/production . The movie does have a good quality to it , but I have to be honest and say it 's the actor/director/producers fault at ruining the vision . This film will show a hint of promise , but then suddenly will leave you utterly dissapointed . I was especially dissapointed by the lack of zombies in the film being replaced by useless dialogue and some totally confusing scenes I think the director may have wrote on the spot . Seeing movies such as this makes me realize just what a talent and a genuis George A. Romero is with what he did with his films . I would not recommend this film , even though it has a some decent gore moments . I feel that this could have been a really good movie , despite what resources the production had , it totally missed the mark : -LRB-
 This has got to be the worst movie that I have seen in a year . Lame story . Horrible acting and dialogue . Over the top gross out attempts . Stupid , all the way down to the Clint Eastwood wanna-be sneer.Just plain bad .
 Biological warfare leads to the creation of a landscape littered with zombies roaming the land . An unidentified man gives himself an experimental injection with the hope of virus immunity . Bounties are paid to hunters for killing zombies ; payments are based upon appendages collected at the kill site . Sounds like a great premise , right ? Too bad the movie ruined it.This movie is from A to Z bad , here are a few examples : Acting - Not a single cast member utters a convincing line ; they 're horrible.Blood - B should have been for budget , because neither ketchup nor koolaid is a convincing alternative for blood.Cast - They 're atrociously untalented , with preposterous accents and absolutely no tangible emotion whatsoever.Direction - It 's all over the map and disorganized.Filming - Aside from one or two decent scenes , the whole thing gives off the feel of a high level high school AV club production.Lighting - Dark and amateur at best , there are scenes in which some color scheme is attempted , but it never accomplishes what the director wants . And I think they fell in love with the color blue for some reason.Makeup - Put on by a blind transvestite.Protagonist - A cross between a weather-beaten desperado who carries his gun in a guitar case , and a poor man 's Hugh Jackman from Van HelsingSettings - The settings are essentially someone 's backyard and one or two low rent properties.Zombies - Aside from the soundtrack , the zombies were the only redeemable aspect of the movie.Pass on this one unless you want to become a zombie in the little over an hour this movie will sap from your life .
 cool idea terrible movie . I swear the main character wanted to make love to his gun a few times , he wanted to cram it up his cheeks , and I could n't understand if this movie took place in the old west or present day . I mean why would all the bounty hunters dress like the old west when basically all the zombies wore clothes of today , its stupid .
 I am pretty sure , that , even tho I own this movie I will never watch it again - unless we have a really long extended cable , satelitte , antenna and video store blackout somehow
 Firstly , I would like to say that I would rather be EATEN by zombies than EVER watch this again!If it were the last film on Earth I would personally burn it and go read a book.As stated before by others , the concept is quite interesting . But the overall execution of the story simply fell flat on its decaying face.It felt as if the acting was being done by high school students . High school students with no talent that is . The actors were wooden and lacked any interest in their characters.I did n't care much for the special effects , but I did like the concept of the dead moving at varying rates of speed depending on their stage of decay.If they had taken this good concept and , instead of placing it in a retro-future western shoot 'em up , placed it in the actual wild west of the 1800 's than maybe they could have pulled it off ... MAYBE .
 First off , i think the other review is written by the director , or at least one of his friends . How can he know about Flesh Keeper , when the film is n't listed on IMDb or any of that . But whatever . As i said in my review title , the story here was pretty interesting , and the concept of combining an old style western with a zombie movie is intriguing . Unfortunately , the lead actor exudes the charisma of most socks . If you 're going to make your lead this sort of iconic , Man With No Name/Snake Plissken type guy , make sure the lead has the ability to be as interesting as Eastwood or Russell . They should have tried to get Nick Chinlund -LRB- who the actor resembled a bit anyway -RRB- - HE could have pulled this off . Also , the last third or so of the film is shot with that blue filter Michael Bay liked to use on Armageddon , except here it made no sense other than -LRB- I suspect -RRB- to cover up the fact that it was shot during the day . It looked ridiculous and was very distracting . All in all , I hope that the supposed Flesh Keeper is given to those more capable of pulling it off , as its a shame such a great concept was buried by such a mediocre film.p.s . the makeup effects were quite good , i will give it that .
 First a word about ` gray market ' DVDs -- Often , transfers are not of the highest quality . The movies themselves are unrestored and rarely pristine -LRB- but still watchable -RRB- , extras are non-existent and inclusion of artwork or liner notes varies by manufacturer.THE FOUR DEUCES is the last film story from Don Martin , scripter of many forgettable ` B ' pictures . This one 's no different than his others , quality-wise . Imaginative opening credits that feature comic book panels dissolving to live action are the highlight of this color-boosted Prohibition Era bomb . Jack Palance was by 1975 well into the tough guy parody phase of his career . When not lampooning himself Jack does what he can with a weak script . Co-star Carol Lynley looks good but seems to phone-in her performance from Jersey.A deadly street feud between two rival gangs , one headed by Palance and his four capos -LRB- the deuces -RRB- , plus tit-for-tat attacks on their competing speakeasys are main elements here . There 's also more than a half-dozen neo-20s vocals to slow things down . Note that Jack 's rotund crime boss rival has an equally weight-challenged ` songbird ' at his club while Palance 's girl singer is svelte in her bobbed hair and shimmy skirt . Frankly , I thought the big gal the better vocalist.Saloon bust-ups and night time tommy gun raids get quickly monotonous . The largest of these bullet-riddled assaults -LRB- and the last of them -RRB- is spoiled by intentional camera undercranking that turns violence into unamusing cartoon movement.Ultimately , `` Four Deuces '' is a waste of time . It 's ONLY for Jack Palance fans with a high tolerance for cinematic mediocrities .
 Except for brief appearances by Carol Lynley , it was a bore from first to last minute.Actors did n't seem to interact . Nothing could be taken seriously but neither could anything be taken lightly.I watched it through to the end only because I like Ms. Lynley unconditionally.Lynley 's short closing speech was authentic , but so much so that it should have been in another movie . Likewise , Palance burned with inner intensity . All , however , to little effect.Nothing clicked .
 Steely Palance and luscious Lynley are wasted in this shoot 'em up `` spoof '' of gangster flicks .
 The good reviews about this movie are written by hacks who will make money if you buy it . Do n't . It 's a piece of garbage .
 The movie was very slow to get going . I started cleaning the living room for the first half of it . Then all of a sudden alot of things happen in the span of about 20 minutes . The things that happen are a series of one person betraying the other and who to trust and not to trust . The remaining portion of the movie is a chase seen that has a bleak unsatisfying ending.The acting was pretty lame especially the blonde girl . For some reason the writer/director decided to make her character stupid ... extremely stupid . A stupid character ontop of bad acting makes a viewer not care what happens to them . The other actors were n't much better . The only plus I can even thing of in this movie is the brunette female lead . Her character at least shows some throught in the actions and the actress does try to work with the sad script.I would n't recommend this movie to anyone . Infact , the only reason for the two stars was the brunette female lead 's character does attempt to fight back and figure things out ... as opposed to the other characters .
 I 've watched slow-starters before , but this movie dragged for the full 10 minutes that I gave it to draw me in . The scenery & the players were dismal and the script was juvenile
 A trip to the English countryside ends terribly for four travelers after they mistakingly take in a hurt stranger , who may turn out to be the notorious serial killer of local legend ! Kelly Smith 's slow-boiling thriller throws back to classic genre entries like WHEN A STRANGER CALLS , but there is something severely lacking from the very start . We are immediately introduced to four terribly unlikeable characters
 Well , the cover art certainly lets you know what you 're in for with this film , or does it ? `` Do n't Let Him In '' sounds like a great movie . I was expecting some movie about an escaped mental patient on the prowl or something along those lines ... I know it 's been done a million times , but you can always be imaginative with that type of plot . Alas , `` Do n't Let Him In '' attempted to put its own slant on the slasher sub-genre with an English flavor , and the result was not good . `` Do n't Let Him In '' is about three people who decide to take off and spend some time out in the country , but at the last minute they decide to take on a stranger and then they meet another stranger while off in the woods and not all goes well . Sounds decent , but the plot execution leaves more than a lot to be desired . The acting is atrocious , the script is lousy , the scenes are grossly uneven and the movie fails to draw the viewer in with even a rudimentary sense of suspense or atmosphere notwithstanding the decent setting . The acting is really wooden , and there is just no emotion in the acting at all . Thus , the movie really suffers , and it just can not help but elicit apathy in the audience not only for the characters but for the entire movie itself . The bottom line is that this movie was very boring , lifeless and the twist ending did not even come close to saving it . `` Do n't Let Him In '' is a very poor excuse for a horror movie ... I could barely finish this thing . It sucks .
 This movie seemed like a compilation of every slasher movie cliche ever made . You have your requisite rich guy jerk who treats everyone like they 're beneath him , your requisite whore , your requisite strong , plucky heroine who finally faces the killer alone , and the killer was one of the worst slasher villains I 've ever seen . He went from being a seemingly sane , normal person to a drooling , gigglinggeek in a single scene.Like my title says , the cover made me pick it up , but the movie was a total waste .
 Did n't like it . I found it boring . I 'm going to say this , and I do n't care who likes it ... but this is MY opinion . It 's not up for a discussion or debate . If I do n't call you stupid for loving the movie , please keep all negative comments to yourself about me not liking the movie . I ended up falling asleep on it . Nothing exciting ; quite predicatable ; boring characters , and just an overall mess . Do n't bother . It 's garbarge ! I knew I was in for `` garbage '' when I saw the girl taking a pee in the woods and a dark haired girl walks up on her and scares her . Sure , she meant no harm , but why the pointless jump scares ? Not to mention , that scene was rather predicatable , and not even scary .
 nto too much to say about this ... Footage was wack looks very low budget and was very weak in it contents I do not recommend ...
 its one of the worst movies ive ever seen ... bad plot and acting ... i saw in a theatre years ago ... my friend fell asleep during the movie . . very amateurish overall .
 A `` summer stock '' vision of mexican boys brought to the USA to hustle under the guise of selling maps to the stars homes in Hollywood . Some good performances but mostly the dialog is stilted and it sounds like the screenwriters first attempt . Too many sub-plots and intrigues muddy up what could be an interesting film a la JOHNS and My Own Private Idaho from an ethnic perspective . Worth watching when the price drops .
 The story could have been good , the way it spilled to many other pointless stories is a waste of film and time.The actors are very good , and seem to be caught in a story line that was made to be too complicated and over dramatized , just like a soap opera with endless plots that go no where.The writer/director failed to clearly represent the `` chicano '' -LRB- mexican-american -RRB- culture , failed to show us Carlos transition from living in mexico -LRB- which is extremly conservative -RRB- with his grandparents to LA , to a hispanic community in a different country.The focus is on the exploitation of the stereotypical `` mexican '' , the poor uneducated unsophisticated mexican boy `` abused '' by his own family , by the american starand prejudice and everyone elses priorities , which unable him to reach his dreams.This movie tried to shake the audience being aggressive , crude , cliche and with no substance , it is a very poor and unispiring image on the mexican - americans and the americans themselves.The use of the comedian `` cantinflas '' to link the characters to their mexican roots is poorly done , and has no relevance to the film nor the characters and what they purue for themselves which is the `` american dream '' . Poor use of very good actors , whos american dream will not be reached through this movie .
 Musze przyznac ze nie jestem zbytnio zaangazowany we wspolczesna filmoteke polska . Jednakze po przeczytaniu -LRB- bardzo urozmaiconego -RRB- artystycznego zyciorysu Lecha Majewskiego , postanowilem obejrzes jego film z 2007 roku ` Glass Lips ' -LRB- Director
 dvd would n't work in my dvd player . . dvd player screen read . . will not play this format , returned to amazon . . refund was prompt and without question . . i thank amazon for their good customer service . . tom
 ` In The Name of the Father ' played a dangerous game in changing some of the facts of the Guildford Four case for ` artistic ' reasons , but it still made dramatic sense . This story of a boxer returning to republican Belfast as a ceasefire is being brokered -LRB- and simultaneously undermined -RRB- fails to make sense either politically or dramatically.The tired cliches of the released prisoner trying to go straight , and IRA godfathers struggling with young hot-heads for control of their organisation , are all in there . Surprisingly , the acting was no better than fair , with dodgy accents from Brian Cox and Emily Watson . I wanted to like the film , but I just could n't believe in its story.For a far better working of similar material try Michael Winterbottom 's BBC TV play ` Love Lies Bleeding ' , starring Mark Rylance.CJF
 I saw this film , with high expectations , in the theater . I thought Sheridan had done a good , though not great , job on `` In the Name of the Father , '' capturing some of the reality of the Irish situation . `` The Boxer '' has no appealing characters . Brian Cox comes closest . The British are portrayed in the age-old , inaccurate role of `` honest brokers '' among the irrational , bloodthirsty Irish stereeotypes . The IRA man trying to mess up Cox 's peace initiative seems to represent Sheridan 's attempt to wrap up a goofy and unwieldy plot.As the choppy plot unfolded , I expected that at least the Day-Lewis character would resist adultery with his friend 's wife . This struggle , though nearly lost in the unlikely political plot , was the most compelling thing in the movie . Unfortunately , the film dashed even that minimal expectation . Day-Lewis rekindles his romance with a woman who is married to his imprisoned friend . So why should the audience empathize with these characters ?
 The product I received would not play . There was nothing appearance wise wrong with the disc that I could see , however if it does n't play it must be defective . I would not order from this source again .
 I am surpirsed that an Irish director would make a film that , to many inhabitants of Belfast -LRB- like myself -RRB- looks like a typically niave American view of the city . To me , the film lacks crucial realism , particularly in some of the `` cross-community '' scenes/comments and in the depiction of a Belfast segregated and laden with checkpoints -LRB- they disappeared from the city years ago , although the peace walls are still there -RRB- . Even though these are small points , I found that they took away from the realism of the situation , pandering to mass-media cliches of the situation in Northern Ireland . This was grossly offensive in rubbish like the Devil 's Own and Blown Away , and while The Boxer is certainly not in their awful league that fact that it was directed by an Irishman is disappointing . Otherwise , considering what they are given to work with , the acting is very good , particulalry the Belfast accents -LRB- well , by and large ! -RRB- . Disappointing film that could - and should - have been a good reference point in time .
 I got this dvd for Christmas because I like to smoke a little weed sometimes.I must say , straight or stoned , this movie sucked.It almost looks like someone with a little bit of experience with a camera `` tried '' to make a movie . If you liked this movie and want it and the other one too , I got five on it too , send $ 5.00 to Donnie Presley Jr P O Box 1950 Muldrow , Okla 74948 and I will mail both to you.But hurry before they go in the trash.The second one still in the shrink wrap . . I am not even going to waste my time.I would almost bet Todd Bridges gave that first review
 The video here is of unbelievably bad quality . It seems to have been a transfer from a video tape , and it is just awful . Even worse , the dubbing is laughable . Do n't rent this unless you want to re-live the old days of bad movie theaters with prints that are falling apart and the dialogue that just does n't make sense .
 was i the only one who thought falling sky was a sad but good movie ? I liked that Brittany murphy was in it but also cuz it was one the movies of hers i had n't seen yet.Her acting was great as a young woman dealing with mature subjects in her own life like alcoholism and young love.It was a different character than in `` Clueless '' , the happy go lucky high schooler tring to fit in , but , in a way , she was still trying to fit in into life , in `` falling sky . `` Also , I liked that Jeremy Jordan , former pop singer in the 90 's , was in it , too as a guy she meets and likes.In life , Brit was gone too soon.She had much more to do still.The movie had to do with young people and love and family crises like an alcoholic mother and later a tragedy that made the daughter question her place in life , while dealing with death and abandonement.Good movie , but sad that Brit 's gone : -RRB- R.I.P WAtch it and byu it from amazon for a great deal . Try it.You might like it.Peace . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000062XJ0 Falling Sky -LRB- 1998 -RRB- -LSB- VHS -RSB-
 This movie will probably zonk you right out , as it did to me several nights in a row as I tried to reach the end.Please , do n't get me wrong , this is n't a bad movie . As some of the other reviewers have said , the acting is actually pretty good , with `` the Dawson '' James Vanderbeek leading the way as a scientist brought in to discover what 's causing all those pesky deaths and disappearances . While the scruffy look he wears does nothing to make his character look more legit -LRB- and it looks like he stole Richard Dreyfuss ' beanie hat from the original Jaws -RRB- he does a fine job of acting the part . The woman who plays the sheriff in these parts also does a good job . Apparently she already believes in the lake monster , as it snatched up her daddy years ago and she now must convince the local fishermen . There is even a fairly interesting little sub-plot involving said fishermen , with the white locals and the aborigines -LRB- did I spell that right ? Probably not -RRB- not liking or trusting each other.Still awake ? There in lies the problem for me . Out of everything I just wrote I mentioned the monster only once.What you get of the monster is the occasional rubber tentacle -LRB- and sometimes a CGI one -RRB- snatching someone off of a pier or a boat , and that is it until the very end . For the finale , the head of the beast actually rises up in all of it 's plastic and latex glory , the eye of the beast fully visible -LRB- hence the title -RRB- , and then it just sinks away.The thing I have never understood with a movie like this is why the creature gets such scant screen time . It was n't a CGI creation , it was a prop actually produced and paid for with no limit on how much the filmakers used it . I realize that would have taken away from the final reveal of the creature , perhaps lessening the climax to a degree , but what good is a climax if no one is awake to see it.Well , enough ranting . In conclusion , what I look for most in a movie about a giant creature is entertainment , not plot or character development . And while the two sides can certainly work well together -LRB- as it did in Jaws -RRB- , the pacing and lack of action here brought me to snores . If a slow-building creature feature is your thing , then you will enjoy this . However , if your like me and are buying this hoping to see lots of good giant octo action , then steer way clear .
 Eye of the Beast takes place on Fells Island , where investigative scientist Dan Leland -LRB- James Van Der Beek -RRB- meets cute with sheriff Katrina Tomas -LRB- Alexandra Castillo -RRB- . The two try to figure out what caused all the fish to disappear around the island . If only they had looked at the cover art.Look ... if there 's a giant tentacle crushing someone in half on the cover art , the only mystery is whether the monster is a giant squid or Cthulhu . And since I have yet to see a decent modern update of Call of Cthulhu , it 's got to be Architeuthis . This is not a mystery . It 's fact . The name of this film series is `` Maneater '' for crying out loud . It 's not `` eel we mistakenly took for a giant freshwater squid . '' And yet Eye of the Beast strives mightily to turn its plot into a romantic mystery instead of the pedestrian monster bash it should be.Eye of the Beast is more preoccupied with Tomas ' love life -LRB- at 36 still she still lives with her mom , who nags her incessantly about finding a boyfriend -RRB- than it is about the squid . Never mind the dubious logic that one can electrocute an entire lake with a power cable ; you 've got to wonder if anybody even cares about fishing anymore since electrocuting the lake might , ya know , kill all the fish.Eye of the Beast is made up of far too many non-monster killing scenes
 Eye of the Beast -LRB- Gary Yates , 2007 -RRB- There are few things that guarantee the badness of a particular project like the presence of James Van Der Beek , who graduated quickly from being a mediocre TV actor in Dawson 's Creek to being a truly horrendous direct-to-video actor in such deathless cinematic classics as Varsity Blues . Well , it could have been worse ; they could have cast Casper van Dien instead.Van Der Beek , in yet another failed attempt at cinematic seriousness , plays Dan Leland , a scientist sent to the secluded island of Fells Point to research the gradual decline of the fishing industry there . Once he gets to Fells Point , he encounters all sorts of nasty monster movie stereotypes . There 's the divide between the Native American -LRB- Native Canadian ? -RRB- and white populations , and the mestizo deputy -LRB- 2gether 's Alexandra Castillo -RRB- trying to keep the peace between the two . -LRB- Each , of course , blames the other for the disappearance of the fish , and the first victim of the giant squid -- this is not a spoiler , for the title graphics tell you exactly what the beast is -- is a Native girl who 's making out with her white boyfriend . Horror movie stereotypes ? Not here ! -RRB- There 's the government agency -LRB- for which Leleand works -RRB- who refuses to believe anything he says about a giant squid because of his shadowy past and their fear of losing credibility if they were even to investigate the possibility of a giant squid . An , d of course , there 's the inevitable romantic subplot . Woohoo!Dumb , silly , and predictable , but what else do you expect from a Sci-Fi -LRB- excuse me , `` Syfy '' -RRB- Channel Original Movie ? An amusing way to kill an hour and a half , assuming you 've DVRed it to get rid of the commercials . You may not want to , though ; they 're often the best part of movies like this . *
 I 'm a big fan of sea monster movies , and this one does have its entertaining moments . However , it 's also a terrible film . Characters are , of course , two-dimensional , the dialogue is embarrassing , and it just never picks up any steam . We also get alternating shots of a rubbery tentacle flopping around on the decks of boats and the shabby-looking CGI monster the tentacles are attached to . I have the same problem with this movie that I have with all of the `` Maneater '' series movies I 've seen so far
 Had heard some hype about this movie , but the actual movie is nowhere as bad as this documentary . There really is n't any resolution , just a mad director and wierd actors telling various issues .
 Nobody except deaf/hearing impaired people know how disappointing it is to learn of a GREAT film only to find that the distributor choose not to caption/subtitle it for us.Since this product is completely useless to me , I have to rate it ZERO STARS ! Thanks for nothing , New World Video .
 I usually take a lot of pride in writing a thoughtful , insightful review . In the case of this film , I will be brief.I will never saw this entire film because I simply did n't have the patience to watch it . I bought it to replace a copy stolen from home before I had time to return it to the library . Joke 's on the thief ... I 'll bet he hated it too.How terribly ironic that he stole this terribly awful , terribly boring film from my home.He wo n't be back . He got the ` gift ' which he deserved . zzzzZZZZZzzzz .
 Positives : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- One , the music . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- Two , scenes of flat empty farm lands with single straight roads . That 's a highlight you ask ? Well , you have to see the rest of the slow moving , not believable , movie to know why those scenes might be the highlights . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- Three , it won some Danish awards which probably indicates more about the desperate condition Danish film is in.Negatives : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- The lead actor/marshall is so inept that Danish law enforcement must now be embarrassed to be seen . In fact the entire movie is about showing one really dumb , unbelievable , act followed by another . He does n't investigate , hits kids , has compromising encounter with a married woman that is beyond dumb , leaves evidence , hides evidence , shoots & strangles people , drinks heavily . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- How a town , composed of losers in life , actually is aware of everything and manipulates the whole charade just does n't fly . There is no thriller in the movie , in fact the thrillers are the numerous scenes of a little girl pointlessly pushing a buggy around town . Oh joy ! -LRB- 3 . -RRB- It 's not dark comedy . It was daylight dumb and incredulously - yeah , sure .
 After veiwing this movie I was ecstatic and raced to the phone to share the wonderful feeling I was left with during the credits . My Mother , who became a caretaker for my Father for 10 long years as he gradually succumed to the devastation of Alzheimers , is now anxious to veiw the movie as well.The time span of possibly 3 years -LRB- ??? -RRB- portrayed the stages so impeccably , it seemed to parallel the many years of my fathers illness.The touches of humor -LRB- so desperately clung to in the beginning stages of this disease -RRB- become downward spiral eventually replaces the person who was thought to be irreplaceable , and dares us to survive the challenge of coping , caring , and loving a stranger who , occasionally , says a phrase or hums a tune , one we thought was so long in the past , we 'd never get to hear it again . These are the best of moments , for their length is just that , a pleasurable reprieve , swept from our thoughts as suddendly as it arose and replaced with seemingly constant repetative rapore , as the days of the week are explained again , and then again to Martin by his ever-patient Love , Barbara . I was saddened to find the original book written by Ulla Isaksson , was in Swedish and was not translated into english.So much of the book , I 'm sure , was impossible to cover in this two hour drama and unfortunately I 'm unable to read the book on which `` A Song For Martin '' was based.If this is inncorrect please respond w/info on locating an english copy .
 This is a low-budget flick with a weak plot , bad acting , boring gun fights , and lots of phony dying.What annoyed me the most is all of the anachronisms . They have a man with dreadlocks in one scene . Has anybody ever seen a dreadlocked cowboy in authentic Old West photos !? The female member of the posse is wearing Destiny 's Child-esque midriff shirts . During the 1800s surely she would have been seen as being half-naked and in violation of public decency laws . One guy is wearing a leather jacket that you could imagine on a motorcyclist , but not a 19th-century cowboy.The most irritating anachronism was the sheriff and her deputy . Look , decades before the U.S. Amendment that gave women the right to vote and a century before Margaret Thatcher was PM of the UK , I highly doubt that two women led law enforcement in any town . Further , I highly doubt that during the Jim Crow era a black person , of either gender , was the mayor of a multiracial town . These two women looked more like cheerleaders than keepers of the peace . Worse , they were passive and static characters that barely spoke a word . Yes , the Old West may not have had the rigid gender and racial hierarchies that would have been scene in contemporary Boston . Still , this is just fantasy to have such diversity in leadership during a stringently oppressive time period.Plus this movie robs from soooooo many other films . Like `` New Jack City , '' a person kills a relative like Wesley Snipes ' character killed Allen Payne 's . Like `` Set It Off , '' some of the main characters proverbially `` go out in a blaze of smoke . '' Like `` Posse , '' there is a river washing scene , but it lacked all the hot nudity.There are only a few good things about this film . I loved seeing Raymond Cruz , who played DiStefano in `` Alien Resurrection , '' and Gabriel Casseus , who played Midget/Kyle in `` New Jersey Drive , '' again . I am glad that good male actors of color are still finding roles . The casting director did a great job hiring the son of David Carridine 's character . They looked so much like each other , I had to check the credits to see if they were related.It turns out that the director of `` Gang of Roses '' is also the director of this flick . Who is giving this man so much money to make bad Westerns with black characters ? This film went straight to DVD for a reason . Oh yeah , one more positive
 Only one scene of this movie is good . That is the scene where the bank robbers discussed if they should use the hostages to escape from the siege . Then one of the guys shot the girl who wanted to use a hostage as a shield . The music caught my interest . Bsisides these , the whole move was filled with bad directing . For example , in the last scene the gang leader was shot to pieces by tens of people but he still managed to kill the bad guy who bought the town!This movie is worth watching only once . `` Quigley down under '' and `` The good , the bad and the ugly '' are still the best Western movies of all time .
 I have seen my fair share of b rate movies , but this has to be by far the worse movie I have ever seen . I am actually upset that I have spent 2.99 to rent this . It was almost as if the director just put up a camera and told the crew to wear whatever and do whatever you want , just make sure it 's at least 11/2 hrs .
 After stealing a getaway car with a local crime boss in the trunk , Mickey -LRB- Gregory -RRB- is thrust into a world of human trafficking and ruthless killing . When the crime boss Don Barber is let go by Mickey he suddenly realizes that Mickey is a man he wants on his payroll . Mickey is tasked with trying to find out who attacked Don and to extract revenge . Since `` Snatch '' came out it seems like everyone is trying to make the next one , or be the next Guy Ritchie . Since `` Snatch '' I think that `` Layer Cake '' is the only one that can be compared to it . This movie is very violent and bloody , that 's where the similarities end . I just really could n't get in to this one . Some parts were pretty good , but they were few and far between . It did n't hold my attention . I give it a C - . Would I watch again ? - Nope
 People , have mercy ! How anyone could write anything positive about this tedious thing !? They must have been paid to do it.Some , like the author of this thing , should have been banned from making films . He does n't even use his real name . I am not suprised . If I created such crap , I would have done it anonymously too!There are not words to describe how stupid and unbelievable is the script . It reaches the lowest levels of the silliness bottom.Acting ... There is no such thing as acting here.After I saw `` Aaron ... albeit sex hero '' yesterday , I thought it ca n't get worse than that . Well , apparently it can and it got.LOSS OF TIME !!!
 For the life of me , I can not imagine that the positive reviews on this film were made by anyone other than cast members incognito and investors of this disasterous example of `` gay '' cinema . What an abysmal atrocity . It sets gay film back two dozen years.PLEASE , save your hard earned cash and avoid this joke of a film at all cost ! In fact , I 'll send you my copy -- jsut to get it out of my house!YIKES !!!
 I belive many of the previous reviews are from friends or people who knew this Film crew , cause I can barely says it deserves more than just one star , please dont waste You time and Money
 Please do take a look over the people who have sort of good reviews about this bad film , with very amateur acting , they usually just have a pair of reviews or even worst they only review this only film , check this out please , and dont buy this terrible film . renti it if you please .
 See how many more reviews they got , cause this particular movie only can have one star Im sorry , ir sucks
 This is without a doubt and by far the worst movie I have seen this year . The writing is idiotic , the acting non existent and the production value lousy . I could go on and on about why I think this movie is horrible but I think it would be pointless . The only thing I can say is this was a BAD movie and people should stay away from it . I really do n't understand how people can get money to put out this kind of crap .
 This is possibly the worse movie I have ever seen . I had read a brief summary of this film and the story seemed interesting . Talk about doing absolutely nothing with a potentially good idea . The acting is so bad ; especially the role of Damian , the geek/nerd . We have seen this type of character over and over in teen flicks but never before have I been subjected to such a bad performance , the stereotype times ten.How any of these characters would get together in the first place is beyond belief . The dialogue throughout the entire thing is unbearable.If you plan to watch this movie , you might want to consider a lobotomy first.Truly painful .
 There is nothing to recommend about this movie unless you want to make a drinking game out of it . Each time the dead boyfriend speaks to someone , take a drink . Trust me , it 's the only way to get through this wretchedly written , poorly performed piece of nonsense . I should have known that if they need to sex up the DVD cover , the insides are most likely bad . This is bad in every way -- actors who ca n't act , an awful script , and bad everything else . The description of this movie may make it sound high-minded and beautiful -- but it 's clearly none of the above . If only they had gotten the DVD copy writer to write the script ! Very , very , very bad .
 it was a very difficult movie to follow . They jump into the angle without any reason . Then the characters are not believeable at all , very high schoolish acting . The ending is also extremely unbelieveable . You expect and hope that the lead will wide up with the guy , but this was basically stupid .
 Nosferatu is the quintessential vampire film . Made in 1922 during the German Silent Film era by F.W. Murnau , it has become a shining example of what true horror films are about , and is often considered one of the best horror films ever made . It is definitely essential to the collection of anybody with an enthusiasm for the art of film-making . However , there are several versions of this classic , each at a different price point . This particular versionNosferatu , while claiming to be the `` original silent vampire classic , '' is actually slightly , yet vitally , edited . One can notice that all of the intertitles have been reworded , and the characters ' names have been restored to more accurately reflect this film 's relationship to the book by Bram Stoker . For example , Count Orlock is herein know as Count Dracula , Knock is renamed Renfield , etc. . Sadly , the editing of the intertitles , while conveying the same -LRB- or similar , at least -RRB- message as the original ones , removes a lot of the mood-setting and suspense-creating language that helped to make the original so great.That said , the price point for this particular version is rather lower than others , and is therefore a little bit more accessible . So , unless you do n't mind not having the actual original , go for a different version for sale on Amazon , such as this 2-disc versionNosferatu -LRB- The Ultimate Two-Disc Edition -RRB- .
 Everyone who writes about the lousy music on the DVD is way off base and missing the point . This DVD is n't even the REAL Noseratu !! In true Cleopatra -LRB- `` producers '' of this DVD -RRB- form , they changed the whole movie . They changed all the subtitles and words on the screen to make the movie more appealing to Cleopatra 's own fans . They even made up their own credits and everything . The vampire in this movie is Count Orlock , but Cleopatra went in and decided to rename him Dracula . How can anyone gripe about the music , when a bigger travesty has been done . Who cares about the music when they changed the whole film !! I do n't mean to sound pretentious just because I know the original movie , but I just want to warn people that if you want to see Nosferatu , then do not not not go anywhere near this re-creation . I feel so ripped off .
 This film was okay . I did not realize that it was not a talky , but that was okay . I should have realized that it was n't a talky , that was my fault . It will go good with my collection .
 WHY OH WHY did Kino chose to use 2 equally horrendous Synthesizer tracks for the background of this beautiful amazing inspiring film ? You have to choose between a phony pan pipe sound or synthesized birds chirping through most of the film.WHY GOD WHY ??????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 To get a taste of the music that was used for this , check out `` Vampire Rituals
 Pls note
 I suppose only those that like this movie will check the reviews . Mostly to read about how others like the movie as well as they do . But lord , what a boring movie this is . I do n't care if it 's a `` classic , '' I do n't care how revered it is . Just because it 's old and silent and the `` first '' movie about vampires/Dracula , does NOT mean that this is a good movie . I 've seen plenty of silent movies , and it 's true that most are boring , but some can be entertaining -LRB- I liked 1913 's Cleopatra , for example -RRB- . Nosferatu , on the other hand , is a bore . The mass of the story deals with people traveling , so you have tons of time wasted on someone walking , or riding a horse through vast landscapes , or having a ship drift through water . Walking and walking , riding , going places all the time - and never spending much time on the story when they actually GET THERE ! It 's such a terrible letdown . All this build up , and not much payoff . The director of this movie was obsessed with `` filler . '' Filling time , wasting time , `` just keep walking . '' Parts that were meant to be scary sometimes work . But barely . Count Orlock does look creepy -LRB- like a rat , or a bat creature , whatever ... -RRB- , and there are a few scenes of eerie looking shadows against walls . But that 's about it . Sometimes Count Orlock looks silly , like when he 's walking through town carrying a coffin as if it were light as cardboard -LRB- which it probably was -RRB- . Worst of all , they took away the black and white of this movie by adding tints . So you get blues and greens and pinks . Horrible . Also , the music - well , enough people have complained about the music . It does n't fit , especially near the beginning when it 's just upbeat sounding and la-la-la happy silly and stupid . Grrr . I hated this movie . Glad I finally watched it , since it has such a reputation , but whew - what a pile . Do n't buy into `` this is great because it 's so old '' nonsense . This is boring , plain and simple . - Let the `` not helpful '' clicks begin !
 A renowned and influential work of movie history that manages to tell the story of Dracula at a sufficiently vibrant pace . Since the story has been done so many times since , it is entirely predictable to the modern viewer , and the melodramatic pantomime of the day causes what was once a very frightening film to seem rather comical .
 I bought this for my SciFi class . We read Bram Stoker and the reward was supposed to be this film . It was like giving kids liver for dinner then rewarding them with canned spinach . Everyone was so disappointed . I kept waiting for it to get better and it never did . The history of the film with the lawsuits is really interesting and the clips you 've seen are wonderfully scary with brilliant make-up . The problem is that there is a month 's worth of boring between the good stuff . Fast forward or the students who expect CGI will fall asleep if they stay in class that long . Bela Lugosi is a much better bet . For a silent , Metropolis is much more compelling even to those CG fans .
 Some body told me that I should see this movie because its supposed to br the first Dracula movie and I like vampire movies alot . But this movie is ` nt even about Dracula as far as I can tell ! For one thing his name is ` nt even Dracula its Count Nofsreatu ! And he does ` nt even wear a cape ! And this movie is way too old IMHO . Its like the acters do n't even know how to act ! Its not evey scarey ! Do yourself a faver and watch one of the Newer Dracula movies like Lost Boys or Blade 2 . Those movies have lots of aciton and blood that Nofsreatu does ` nt have -LRB- and their in color , I might add -RRB- . If you wa n't to go to sleep watch this movie ! Ill give it 2 stars because theres a vampire in it . Bwa ha ha !
 The new soundtrack by The Silent Orchestra completely ruins this version of the film -LRB- Amazon Instant Video -RRB- . Maybe it 's because I 'm a classical musician , but the score renders this otherwise great film unwatchable . It 's jarringly modern and busy and often does n't fit what is happening on the screen . I 've seen many silent films both on tv , online and in person as we 're lucky to have an original silent movie house in town that still plays them with the original organ and sound effects , nothing has been as bad as this reworking.If you want to see a great classic vampire movie with a proper score , check outVampyr .
 Do n't get me wrong - I 've loved this movie since I saw it as a child , but this release leaves much to be desired . There are many good points of course
 Hello ? Simple way to determine which version of NOSFERATU is worth your money . i bought the ALPHA VIDEO version , with a GREEN vampire and red letters spelling NOSFERATU . STAY AWAY ! THIS is the ALPHA video version . As a quick side note
 The music track of this version is made up of various romantic symphonies and overtures . At first the effect seems quite pleasing . Then you realize that no attempt has been made to match the mood of the visuals with the music , so you end up with things like a light-hearted scherzo during the first appearance of the vampire , or Dvorak 's `` New World '' symphony over the arrival of the vampire in Bremen . The music track eventually becomes an unbearable distraction and the only thing to do is to hit the mute button .
 Amazon is doing its customers a great disservice by mixing the reviews with this version of Nosferatu with those of the superior version . DO NOT buy the one with the tinted green picture of Nosferatu coming out of a coffin with the bloody pink font . This has horribly incorrect title cards , Count Orlock is referred to as Dracula and there appears to be missing scenes . Just a big waste of money . Do n't get the cheapo version !
 I love the movie , but the music does not live up to gothic industrial . It was very quiet and repetitive . A few times it started to build , but then nothing.My wife and I are so frustrated by this DVD soundtrack that we are going to make our own REAL gothic industrila soundtrack using tracks from Type O negative , Ministry , BauHaus , NIN , even King Diamond and Danzig!Don ' t waste your money . Buy the cheap Nosferatu with the old soundtrack .
 This review has been written on May 4 , 2008 -LRB- despite Amazon 's header -RRB- , and is a review of the Kino `` Ultimate DVD Edition '' of Nosferatu.The only reason there are two stars rather than one is that this issue has an excellent restored and digitized print . However , at 18 frames per second , it still seems jerky to me , with people 's movements still not appearing to be natural . Other marks against it are that the music score is uninvolving -LRB- despite it being `` authentic '' -RRB- , and the English intertitles are too flowery to be taken seriously.This has been a film I have tracked for years , having purchased the latest `` restored '' version as each has come out.However , this time , since the print is superior to anything else I have seen , I decided to take matters in my own hand , and instead rip the DVD into my computer , and have my way with it with my editing software.So now , the version that I have on my self-produced DVD is shown at 15 frames per second -LRB- what I always understood to be the European standard for silent films -RRB- . All the motions now seem very natural and emotionally involving , without any jerky or unnaturally rushed movement.I also created my own English intertitles , drawing from the original German intertitles on the second disc , which produced a much more direct impact to the story . Having control over the editing process also allowed me to shorten the length of the narrative intertitles so that you do n't have to wait forever for the movie to continue.Finally , I added my own film score , drawing from the many classical CD 's in my collection . The music is now emotionally involving , and helps carry the movie to its poignant conclusion.Of course , having Danny Elfman do the film score would be even better , but short of that , all I need now is a good attorney who can help me secure the rights to the video and all the music tracks I have used , and I could market a production superior to any out there today ... : - -RRB-
 This particular DVD edition of Nosferatu is an excellent example of the importance of music in setting a film 's mood . I 'm not sure when this `` score '' was `` written '' , although it is far from effective in depicting the time period of the film . Nor does it convey the proper mood in many points during the film . With this edition 's music , I got confused at times between what I saw and what I heard , and the whole thing became an unaffective joke after a while . If you want an affective , edge-of-the-seat experience out of Nosferatu , I reccomend another edition .
 DIE Ted Turner!Ted ruined forever our ability to see some movies as they are best seen and remembered . I do n't WANT Nosferatu in color . I want it in B&W . Now i have to look for it -LRB- already -RRB- in used video stores.All is LostRicky
 Have seen this movie with the haunting , eery piano soundtrack that made this masterpiece truly scary . The sound track on this flick is a bore/tedium and takes away the frightening element with added sounds that are just plain stupid . The music in most part is lousy . Orlock/Nosferato is a horror story not some kind of sick joke.Bring me the pounding on the piano any time.The 3D is remarkably good for a century old film . But they knew about 3D way back then.Tromeo studios is truly pathetic . They are not campy . They have no talent whatsoever except for one middle aged actor who is polished among the most polished in the field . He takes a role , I assume when he flat broke .
 The great big distraction is the surprisingly modern and way-too-light musical score over the visuals which is a shame because the footage itself has a wonderful archival feel as though retrieved from a dusty sea-chest from within a spooky attic.This vampire has big ears that are comical to the point if distraction.A classic in its day but then the public were reeling from the magic of the newly invented cinema in any case.Nosferatu by Werner Herzog is far better . Klaus Kinski is responsible for the most ghoulish eerily real presence on film I have ever seen .
 The film begins with scenes that suggest the 19th century . `` No one escapes his destiny . '' Knock , the house agent , reads a strange letter from Count Orlok of Transylvania and sends his agent Thomas Kutter to finish the deal . -LSB- Do the actors seem weird ? -RSB- The name of Count Orlok surprises and scares the people at the inn . A strange animal is outside -LRB- a striped hyena -RRB- . Kutter goes to Orlok 's castle ; the sun is setting . Kutter awakes the next morning to find his meal . He has two bites on his neck , the mosquitoes are terrible there . Kutter learns the secret but is trapped until he can escape . Knock the house agent has gone mad
 This particular version of Nosferatu done by Timeless Video is awful . The soundtrack is not done accordingly to the movie - the songs are just classics , and most of the time , they are really cheerful , which totally ruins the mood of the film . The titles do n't fit on the screen , so you miss the last line of most of the titles , plus the first and last words on either side of the screen . I do not recommend the Timeless Video version . I found myself not enjoying Nosferatu as much as I should because the quality of this tape was so terrible .
 This dvd has my favorite soundtrack for this film , however , it is out of sync with the video ! -LRB- which basically ruins it -RRB- The chapter selection is flawed also
 I purchased the Special Edition and the video was wonderfulbut the sound track was so bad that I could not watch themovie with it on . If you are serious about buying a copy ofthis movie , find the Nosferatu web site first and read aboutthe sound track that are in use . The sound track on thisrecording sounds like a 1950 's jazz track with a lot ofbrushed cymbals . The Man With the Golden Arm is what comes tomind . There are many good sound tracks out there . Find thegood one before you purchase .
 Seems like a good idea at first , to combine old visual with a modern audio.Anyhow - it does n't work . The 1920 's interpretation has it 's time-stamp , which is unique , unrepeatable , unreachable at any other time ... Adding an industrial mix sounds to me just like a poor wash-pan-attempt of a couple of people , to parasite on a classic . Very simmilar to the puppets ' `` Hard Day 's Night '' given in Prague for foreigner.My personal recomendation is - just walk it by.I 've ben force to rate i 1 star . IMHO - zero would suit better .
 After viewing this weak effort , it is a rip off of TRON . All I need to say is delete this off your holiday lists and buy TRON . Here is the list to the better acted and better madeTron -LRB- 20th Anniversary Collector 's Edition -RRB- Bennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
 The crew of Press Start have a lot of people to be thankful for , industry professionals that gave them their input for practically -LRB- Or literally -RRB- nothing . This is only fair to some degree , as the cast and crew themselves were paid little to nothing for their participation despite the challenging -LRB- And nigh on impossible -RRB- task they set themselves.Let 's get one thing very clear from the off - this is a low budget movie . Not Hollywood low-budget -LRB- With only $ 20,000 -RRB- , but a near-enough $ 0 budget . With their pittance of cash , the crew have attempted to go above and beyond to create as professional and as fun a movie as possible - hoping to break away from the `` webcam-comedy '' stylings of the internet.The success of these things , however , depend upon the talent of those most prominently featured in the title -LRB- As well as those of the cinematographer , director , editor etc -RRB- - anyone who 's fingerprints are written across the entire movie -LRB- See Sergio Leone 's Spaghetti Westerns - badly dubbed Spanish actors did n't ruin phenomenal performances from the trilogy 's leads -RRB- . These are things that someone can develop or learn , or sometimes things people have a natural gift in -LRB- Acting , directing , camerawork -RRB- . Unfortunately it is this very element that makes the film falter.The script itself is fairly strong , with many small references -LRB- A few scenes feature a few too many references squeezed into as few sentences as possible - pace of references needs work there -RRB- and cleverly parodies several elements of video gaming , mostly from the early 90s . These include several instances of quick-wit , visually aided jokes or just remembering all the questions you raised in frustration whenever the game was n't playing in your favour . The delivery , however , needs a lot of work.You 'll be following three characters around the entire film , and unfortunately the delivery on almost all of their lines is a missed opportunity . The Scorpion-alike should really work on quick-witted delivery -LRB- See Groucho Marx -RRB- , and the voice actor -LRB- Who was different to the physical actor -RRB- needs to practice delivering a variety of emotions when putting on what is clearly a forced voice . The dangers of forced vocals can be the lack of variation in emotional pitch and range , cheating the performance out of clear intent and meaning -LRB- As well as comedy in this case -RRB- from the script . The Samus-alike really needs more variation of vocal performance despite not putting on a voice , and the Ken-alike lead character seems to spend most of the film just lazily going through the motions - despite a more impressive performance picking up towards the end of the movie -LRB- Emotions this guy can do , but seems to need to be pushed -RRB- . Many of these aspects are jointly the fault of the director - someone who is supposed to be watching a scene unfold and retake shots when the acting/visual/audio quality is below par . It appears the director in this case did little else but sit and watch , clearly not having much knowledge of what he wanted to achieve from scene-to-scene . Movies like Rob Roy are amazing in the fact that each scene has a purpose , a meaning and something to say and this is explored within that scene completely while still influencing the direction of the overall movie . Despite being a comedy , the acting and direction are still too sloppy to truly get an idea of what the director was trying to do or say.For me the director was one of the movies key stumbling blocks . A more experienced/skilled director would have been able to spot camera issues -LRB- Of which there are plenty - another reason why you always should have an actual cameraman , not the director , in charge of camerawork -RRB- , lacking intent and emotion in visually and in the ADR -LRB- Dubbed Audio -RRB- department , and may have managed to get Press Start closer to being a high-quality video game movie that online-critics boast it to be . However the movie was let down heavily by one final lacking volunteer - the editor . This easily runs 25 minutes too long , as much as I tried to slog it through -LRB- And found it amusing in the process -RRB- after an hour and a half , I 'd had more than enough of the film . There was n't enough storyline to carry through the length the film came out at . Why is this the editor 's fault ? Because over half an hour of time could have easily been shaved back via good editing - in fact it would have made the film much funnier and more watchable too . The editor clearly has no idea how to cut together a comedy film , it needs to be fast and it needs to be sharp . Unless a scene requires a moment of pause -LRB- Sometimes used for comedy effect , though was n't employed in this movie -RRB- then there is n't time for a scene to stay stationary . It needs to begin a little faster than it does here and ramp up the pace as the stakes get higher . The editor allows shots to continue for about 1-2 seconds too long at a time . Considering the amount of shots there are in this film , shaving those seconds would have cut out your 25 minute extension and made this a far superior package despite directing and acting flaws.A fantastic effort , but lacking due to a lack of finesse . I may have mentioned higher-budget movies during this review , but the fact is the ideas to take from them cost nothing - they are lessons to be learned and adopted freely on these budding movie-makers . I get angry when people say this is the best video game movie ever , and that adding a bigger budget would have made it easily the best film in it 's genre . That 's simply not true . To make it far superior , you 'd have to replace the director , the editor and most of the cast as they have n't developed the skills necessary to make a professional quality performance -LRB- However this can also be learnt freely , in time , by acting/directing in high-quality drama groups and gaining experience -RRB- . The beginnings of something great are there , just nurture the basic talent and skill before you consider asking for budget . Maybe even re-shoot this.Finally a small note for the man who plays the main villain . He is the finest actor in the piece and I personally enjoyed every scene he was involved in , his talents actually boosted the quality of acting by the rest of the cast in the scenes they all starred together in . The script , while needing a little work , was very funny and cleverly thought out . The music was fantastic , and deserves a mention for that reason alone.I hope if the Press Start team do read this -LRB- Unlikely -RRB- that they will see that I do want to love their film , but I want to see them work on getting the basics of acting , directing and editing right - without basic talent a big budget will just make you the American equivalent of Uwe Boll . And we really do n't need another Uwe Boll . Your passion is clear , your dedication unquestionable , just kick your own asses with some time on your focussed areas as mentioned and you CAN make one of the greatest video game movies of all time .
 There are plenty of video game references in this movie , and they are somewhat amusing . However , after a while the references feel kind of forced . And the acting was very emotionless .
 I read the book about Mozart 's Sister and enjoyed it . The movie was one of the worst production I have seen in some time . Do n't waste your money on it -- They skipped much of the story -- this could have been a really great movie but for some reason the producers and directors missed the chance to do a good job.What were they thinking ??????
 The idea of presenting Mozart 's sister certainly has merit , but was done in the most boring way with a mediocre acting and script . The costumes and life style of the period , however , were accurate .
 Stagnant is the best way to describe this movie . Stagnant script and acting . I felt that this film had no point . We get it , Nanerl is overlooked by everyone in favor of her younger brother ... annnnd ? What else ? Perhaps if maybe one of these characters were likable to the point of being able to connect with them , I would have enjoyed this movie at least a little bit . The dialogue was not only boring , but delivered in such a monotone , emotionless way that it seemed as if everyone in this movie were on horse tranquilizers while filing.I had very high hopes for this , I love period film , but come on . At least TRY .
 So there I was in the theatre , enjoying myself . This was a fun movie , funny , with some great performances by Robert Downey Jr. and nothing too bad from anyone else , and like Waking Life was very interesting to look at -LRB- though somewhat discombobulating during moments when the camera would move and perspective would change -RRB- . Then suddenly I realized I had no idea where this was going . It was the cinematic equivalent of listening to somebody tell a story and then suddenly realizing that you had n't been paying attention.At first I figured it was me , that I really had n't been paying attention . However , thinking back on it , a few things really helped create this sudden dissonance : - The rotoscoping process . It 's pretty , and used to great effect here , but it does create an extra layer between the action and the audience that sometimes makes one want to tear through the screen to see what 's really going on behind it.-A sudden and complete change of tone . This movie went from a stoner comedy to a depressing drama in the blink of an eye , and the blink was covered up by the rotoscoping process so we missed it.-Random changes in exposition . From different subjective camera shots to a sudden use of voice-over narration to finally just dropping one perspective and changing characters , the movie just suddenly glides off-track like a car on ice . Or maybe I was wrong to think that Keanu Reeve 's character was the character through which we were supposed to understand the plot , and really it was a more `` objective '' camera we were behind ... which makes the druggy subjective animation kind of ill-fitting ... Actually , this use of audience dissonance could be a superb use of structure , where something that is fun and funny suddenly becomes deathly serious to the point of schizophrenia ... like the drug in the film . That would be very interesting if that were true.I really liked most of the movie and Robert Downey Jr. 's character was fantastic , but I ca n't say I really liked the end result . To me , it fell apart , and for a movie that was amazingly engaging from the beginning , that seems like a hard thing to do . -- PolarisDiB
 This movie is NOT for you if you can not handle movies just being flat out weird . Sure , there are plenty of plot holes , Reeves is in it so do n't expect an academy award ... however the plot is very interesting -LRB- again filled with tons of holes -RRB- but I watch a movie to be entertained , not to be a film critic or to analyze everything.Overall , if you like weird movies like `` Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas '' this movie is for you , if not and you like to be a nerd about movies and analyze every little detail about how `` true to life '' it may or may not be ... well just skip this one .
 As an avid moviegoer and someone who learned the English language by going to the movies as a child , the movie has to be pretty bad/boring if I doze off . And this movie was that bad . My Dinner with Andre was less boring . Unless you 're a fan of the book/author and into this sci-fi cult thing , do n't waste your time . I only watched it because I thought E&R ; gave it two thumbs up but surely I was mistaken?Let 's keep it simple . This movie is NOT entertainment .
 I watched Richard Linklater 's `` Waking Life '' ages ago ; I do n't remember much , since I kept falling asleep . `` A Scanner Darkly '' did n't have that effect on me , I was somehow engrossed in the story , watching along as Keanu Reeves went through some mind-tripping counter agent narc activities . It was n't quite as intense as `` Rush '' , but the mind-trippiness was engaging for a while . Ultimately , however , the plotline was a bit too jerky for me to be really satisfied ; the onscreen chemistry between Robert Downey Jr and Woody Harrelson was decent , but I do n't think I 've ever seen Keanu Reeves as wooden . Wynona Ryder , however , was hotter than ever as a digital chick who does too much coke . Robert Downey Jr may be famous now as Iron Man and Sherlock Holmes , but in those days he was still a bit in the hinterlands , and his quirky acting here is quite reminiscent of his work in `` Too Much Sun , '' a bizarre `` comedy '' directed by his dad , Robert Downey Sr.More interesting to me was to read the background of the book , and what Philip K. Dick was going through when it was written and why it was written , and how it was basically an autobiographical work . A story about people engaged in massive drug use by someone who had been engaged in massive drug use would make you think of `` Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , '' but this is another , alternate creation.The film is dedicated to those who either did n't make it , and to those who were permanently scarred , such as Dick himself .
 I had high expectations but had to turn it off halfway through . Story was going nowhere ...
 Seven years from now , there is an epidemic of drug addiction plaguing the streets of California . The drug , Substance D , is never really explicitly explained but you sort of understand that it 's highly addictive and over time does serious damage to your brain . Keanu Reeves stars as Bob Arctor , an undercover policeman trying to infiltrate the ranks of the dealers of this illicit substance . In fact , he 's so undercover that no one in his unit even knows what he looks like as he must always be dressed in a sort of shapeshifter costume so he 's not recognized . His mission is to get higher and higher up the drug chain until he learns who the largest suppliers are . In doing so he must masquerade as a Substance D addict himself and this includes hanging out with a bunch of fellow addicts played by Robert Downey Jr. , Woody Harrelson , Rory Cochrane and his girlfriend , Winona Ryder.This movie moves slowly and the story is unforgivably convoluted . I knew things were going downhill when , at a free preview screening , one of my friends said halfway through , `` I 'm bored , can we please leave ? '' Do n't get me wrong , the animation was excellent and the premise was interesting , but the follow through was shaky at best . This film could have been at least half an hour shorter and without a clear resolution I was left wondering what I was supposed to get from it . In fact , the only thing that made this movie worth watching at all was Woody Harrelson 's amusing role as a wacked-out drug addict . In my opinion , you should save your time and money and wait for this to come to DVD if you really want to see it .
 I was really disappointed by this film . Due to some concepts in the original book the animation/rotoscope approach sounds like a great idea . The paranoia and hallucinations should suit the technology well.Unfortunately the film falls flat on all aspects . It seems that the actors mostly perform way below par compared to their previous credentials - I would assume that it should be blamed on bad direction.The story is very badly carried out - the mood of the book is n't there at all . A film obviously does n't have to be like the book but this one simply ends up being a bad film . They have picked random scenes from the story but treat them very unefficiently . Important story points sort of are there but in a such a messy format that no character or consequence have real meaning or depth to it.Last but not least is the visual style which at best looks ok but mostly looks just distracting . The backgrounds and art direction is plain ugly - instead of being cool and innovative the film is tireing to watch and unattractive.I watch a lot of lower budget films and can forgive misgivings if there is interesting visions or concepts but this one does n't deliver .
 What else is there to say?The acting is mediocre , the story line is nearly non-existent , and the only redeeming thing this film has to offer is the somewhat interesting cartoons superimposed upon the original score.The vast disconnect between the book and the movie is at its most evident when the film ends , concluding with a quote from Phillip K. Dick that has virtually nothing to do with what you 've just seen and makes you wish that it -LRB- the film -RRB- did .
 pissed me off . this cartoon may have made a good movie if they had filmed it as one . i kept looking for bugs bunny or goofy to pop out . cant tell you if it is any good . i stopped it as soon as it started .
 this movie is long and long you have to wait for the ending.thats why they did n't show it in theaters , but the pics are good
 Contains scenes of male and female nudity , foul language , drug use , sexual situations . Rated `` R '' . You may have seen some commercials like this.Like the film , Waking Life -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , `` A Scanner Darkly '' is a motion picture that has been filmed normally like a movie , however afterwards everything in the frame is traced including the actor and computer-colored like a cartoon . It is not for children , but for adults.Bob Archer -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- who is able to wear a suit that creates different human images over him when he is in public , must go undercover and be friends with James -LRB- Robert Downey Jr -RRB- , Freck -LRB- Rory Cochrane -RRB- and Ernie -LRB- Woody Harrelson -RRB- to investigate their drug use.Bob is also under medical examination for Substance D , however he only takes it at stress level at minimal and has sworn off cigarettes . Working for the New Path is apart of his job , but it was n't part of his job to become addicted to Substance D . He has been careful about that and he wants out.Winona Ryder is also in the cast.DVD includes Audio Commentary , 2 featurettes , theatrical trailer .
 I like cartoons and I like Phil Dick . This movie however can best be summed up with Keanu 's first line of dialogue in it
 I coulc not get this film to play - so therefore I can not review the item - if you re-send me the film and I am able to get it to play , then I will be able to review it .
 I saw this movie in the theater and recall the entire time thinking `` gee I should really just leave '' but my friend seemed into it . It turns out we were both thinking the same thing .
 this movie is good but this HD - DVD version has a lot of problems playing , I have a samsung playr with updted software and it still skips in chapters 6-10 . I will have to get a regualr version
 What else can I say ... I thought this movie would have a point . Could n't wait for it to end . Would not even rent this flick .
 I like the actors , I think the story is OK and well enough told . So far it 's a 3 star film . But this animated over real life style is horrible . It 's an interesting trick , but that is all . If some student had used it on a short it would have been interesting enough , like the first time I saw and SUV with spinners . But a whole feature film of this crud ?
 `` A Scanner Darkly '' opens to the sight of aphids - fat , green ones - doing a world tour of a drug addict 's body . The guy scrubs them off . They come back . He scrubs them off again - with pesticide - only to find them on his dog . So now it 's the guy and his mutt crouched in a shallow tub full of imaginary bugs . And it 's just the start of his damn day.That 's the best scene in Richard Linklater 's otherwise slow , talky adaptation of Phillip K. Dick 's novel on futuristic drug addiction . The writer/director has always favored a stuffed screenplay - this one packs , oh , 466 monologues . And here he combines this expansive literacy with a computer animation called rotoscoping
 I 'm a fan of Philip K. Dick , the same way I 'm a fan of slowing down to look at a car accident . While I 'd never want to be in one , I am curious to see the carnage . Toward the end of his life , Dick battled drugs and even claimed he was psychic . Yeah ... so naturally Hollywood loves adapting his crazy books into movies ... The big plot device was the scramble suits that kept changing images - something the book artfully executed , but in the movie it was silly . Maybe it was the animation style that made the suit look goofy . Or maybe it was the 2-D nature of movie watching . Or the fact that it was a freaking cartoon ... Whatever it was , it ruined the movie for me.Instead of wasting more of my limited brain power describing why this movie sucked , I 'll end with a this : Roses are RedViolets are BlueThis movie would 've made senseIf you had been sniff 'n glue .
 This was an awful movie . There was no story line . Nothing to follow . What a great idea to be wasted .
 I thought this movie would be interesting , but instead I was sideswiped by boredom and disappointment . I ca n't remember that much about the film , because I 've been trying to forget how awful it actually was , so if I 'm off about the plot I apologize , but I do n't really care that much about the details of this cinematic junk . The cell shading look -LRB- I think that 's what it is referred as -RRB- was really cool , like those financial planner commercials , but the different look of the animation did n't make the movie any better ... whatsoever . From what I remember , the movie is about paranoid druggies -LRB- some seemingly unemployed , some not -RRB- that hallucinate periodically and one has a double life-jekyll/hyde cop/druggie thing going on . Oh yes , they are also being surveilled , which latently adds to their already crippling paranoia . I 'm sure the picture quality is worthy of viewing , but just watch it for a few minutes and then burn the disc in its case . Even if it 's a rental , every penny is wasted money that you 'll never see again .
 This movie was terrible and I really could n't wait for it to end . I 'm glad I did watch until the end though , for the final scenes of the movie were the most powerful and tragic . The rest of the film was just a terrible buildup with dialogue that could easily inspire auditory bleeding to a less desensitized person than myself . Terrible . Almost as bad as Edmund .
 this is the first time i have seen anamated movie with keanu reevesand i was just not getting it it dedent work for me at all there had tobe somthing more to the movie but there wasent
 My fault for ordering - I should have paid closer attention to the description . It 's a cartoon ! And it 's dreafully awful . I had to stop watching after 10 minutes . Do n't make my mistake .
 Before I get blasted let me set the record straight . I am a huge PKD fan and Scanner is my favorite out of his novels . -LRB- But my favorite PKD work is the short story The Exit Door Opens In ... -RRB- This movie was freaking awesome . I loved the way they animated it and felt this cast did a great job , even bombed out Keanu.This DVD was another in the long line of Hollywood snow jobs . PKD has a huge fan base and stoners love cartoons , so I do n't see why they did this.There are no animated menus what so ever . This is a minor thing since no one really camps on the menu anyway , but it is the first thing you see -- after the score of previews -- and shows the makers really care about the disc . I have made better DVDs on my laptop with Nero.For some reason every time I play this thing it turns on the subtitles . I 'm not sure if this is my player -LRB- Sony -RRB- or the disc , but no other DVD I own does this.The special features are pathetic . There are two making of features , commentaries , and 1 trailer . There could have been so much more . During one of the making of features a cast member flips through a scene by scene story board script . During the animation making of they show you how every character every scene had a detailed design sheet . On the Scanner Myspace page there are scores of trailers , interviews , a press conference from Cannes , but only the lame first run trailer was included . They designed an amazing interactive web site with great animations they could have robbed from as well.Basically all you get is a few buttons to play the movie and a poor selection of special features . If they do not release a special edition I will be extremely pissed.All you geniuses who rate movies before the DVD is released are partly to blame for this . Amazon should shut down the review option till the movie is released on a BUYABLE product . This DVD had loads of reviews weeks , nay months , before it was released on DVD .
 The plot confused and depressed me . Keanu Reeves is perfect for this role . His poor character has been dazed and confused for so long it 's not true . It 's one twisted , nightmarish sci-fi tale about the horror of drug addiction . Much more effective than the guy who used to come on TV years ago with an egg and a frying pan . -LRB- `` This is your brain . This is your brain on drugs '' . -RRB- ` Just say no ' to Substance D. I would because it causes a lobotomy and knowing that would be enough for me to not take it . Now the `` interpolated rotoscoping '' technique -- Been there done that . It 's just not as cool the second time . WAKING LIFE , also directed by the same guy , was fantastic and fun to watch . This here , not so much . On top of that I saw this animation in TV commercials which pretty much did for this style of animation what TV commercials did for all those classic rock songs I used to sort of like.Credit for staying respectful to the source material , but it did n't work for me . Not the worst PDK film adaptation though . I 'm always waiting for the next BLADE RUNNER that will never come . If you dig the animation in this movie check out WAKING LIFE . The bonus stuff is pretty cool too . And drink a bottle of cough syrup .
 An animated cerebral movie can not work . Cerebral with interesting direction can be good . But in this movie , there 's nothing visual going on and you , basically , just have a drama with animation applied over the film.It does n't work.This movie stinks because it 's so boring .
 OMG ! The plot line might of been good I do not know as I could not stand to watch this form of animation.The way the artists drew the faces of these characters was terrible.The shadows of the faces were like they were moving all the time , it was madness to watch.It was like the shadows had a life of their own and it was very irritating to watch , so I quit after about ten minutes.I could not stand to watch it.It drove me nuts .
 This movie has the same problems as _ New Rose Hotel _ . It 's based on an edgy sophisticated work of fiction , but the film itself comes off as rather boring . The heavily photoshopped/rotoscoped look was distracting and did not really add anything to the film -- not in the way that the comic-book-style rotoscoping that worked so well in _ Sin City _ .
 I 'm sorry ... I really , really tried to get into this movie and just could n't . It was just plain boring . Normally I love these types of movies but not this one . I just kept waiting and waiting for the ` point ' or for something to make the last hour and a half of watching it worthwhile . Never happened . I would recommend renting this one first just to make sure .
 well I liked the movie because it was different , and that it was . I dont know why all the rave reviews , the movie itself wasnt that good . No where near clssic as someone else mentioned , Different yes / classic no ... there really isnt whole lot to the movie itself , A cop gets hooked on a drug and so on and sent to la la land to make more drugs . dont trust all the rave reviews , I did that when I first started downloading movies from Amazon and boy did I get bent over a few times from trusting the rave reviews .
 Is this movie good ? Bad ? I do n't know . All I can tell you is that it is nearly unwatchable due to the obnoxious `` animation '' technique . Why style a movie like this ? What does it add to the film ? Nothing . It 's a cheap gimmick that looks corny and is distracting and even nauseating at times . It did n't make Waking Life any better , it does n't make me want to use Charles Schwab , and it did n't work here either .
 Stay away from this mess of a movie , it is poorly written and poorly acted to a degree I dont recall ever seen before.There are people out there who will try to lure you in by talking about underlying messages and wonderful acting , but do not believe them , they are making it up because they dont want to admit they wasted their money and tries to make excuses for this piece of S ***
 What is the fascination with Keanu Reeves anyway ? He ca n't act his way out of a wet paper bag , and he proves it again here . I 'm so bored with his tired , brooding one-dimensional character that he portrays in every movie.I know ! Let 's give him an f-bomb in every line and rotoscope over the film . Shucks , that did n't work either.The fetching Mrs. Brew and I made it through about half of this sensibility bludgeoning before we gave up and smashed it to bits . I 'm sure that the second half was just as stupid as the first . Besides , we could n't find the tin-foil to make our hats.I know that some of you will say that I have no right to make this judgment without seeing the whole thing . So I 'll ask you , if I set a bowl of poop in front of you with milk and a spoon , would you tell me that it 's no good to eat before you get through the whole thing ? And why would that be ?
 ... would be preferable to this . `` Naked Lunch '' is by far superior also has a talented cast ...
 Have not yet seen the movie!This was one of the films I ordered for my very first HD order . Also included in the order were King Kong , Mission Impossible 1 ~ 3 , The Good Shephard & Children of Men.Of these , only KK and MI 1 ~ 3 played on my new Xbox360 HD DVD player.The other three discs could not play!I started looking into this on the net and found that this was some sort of interface problems with the Xbox 360 , although I only found this problem relating to The Good Shephard and Children of Men specifically and no instances of this problem occuring with A Scanner Darkly during my search on the net , it could be that I was just unlucky and got a defective copy of this HD DVD . I have read that there will be update release from MS to correct this problem through Xbox Live , but I 'm not sure this will fix the problem . If you 've got the Xbox 360 HD DVD player , be warned this may not work on your player . Anyone else having this problem , I would certainly like to know !
 This film really is pants . A rambling , fairly pointless story presented in an unnecessary format . I 'm afraid it is pretentious rather than cutting edge and is barely entertaining .
 That part alone was not a redeeming factor for the film . I 'm not going to even get into the fact that the actors performances were dull to say the least , or that the plot from beginning to end was lackluster . I actually wasted $ 3.99 renting this schlock on ON DEMAND . Boy , do I want my 4 bucks back . Basically , all this movie was about was five crackheads running around playing crackhead games . If I wanted to see that , I could have saved my money and walked around the corner . Furthermore , I could have got a camcorder and made a movie about a bunch of fiends sitting around the house babbling about nonsense for two hours !! Would have saved millions . To sum up , I would like to advise folks to please avoid this as if it was the Ebola virus !!!
 This movie was aweful , the only reason i gave it 1 star was because the animation rocked , i wish they would make more movies with that animation but for god sakes could you please include a storyline with it ?
 Form over substance ! Dialogue is monotonous and sleep-inducing . Plot is not terribly intriguing . The only cool aspect is the `` cartoonization '' of the actors . Overall , go watch something else .
 Not entertaining . The animation is creepy . I do n't get it .
 This movie is really good . Angela Bettis is a treat as always . Unfortunately the only way to get this movie is through Amazon 's Manufactured on Demand service . I do n't know if it 's a side effect of this process , or if the DVD was n't encoded right or if that 's the way the transfer is , but this DVD is NOT anamorphic 16x9 . It is letterboxed widescreen which means that if you 're watching this on a widescreen TV , you 'll not only get bars on the top and bottom but bars on both sides as well . I can produce an anamorphic 16x9 DVD right here in my home from my laptop . It 's disappointing that a product manufactured by a large company ca n't be the same . The movie is definitely worth seeing and if you can find a way to see it , go for it , but I ca n't recommend this product as is until they fix this issue .
 I received the DVD entitled ` Secret Identity of Jack the Ripper ' , with a notice that it had been cleaned & tested.The first two-third of the DVD played fine , but the last third kept stopping and skipping to the extent thatmost of this part was unwatchable . However , since I was mainly interested in the first half of the DVD I amkeeping it as is .
 Just some annoying guy stringing random facts together not even sure if they are facts , and horrible production value just bad
 Pray an alien sucks you into a vortex just so you do n't have to watch this dense rendition of ` visitors ' .
 No nevermind ... rent it ! I 'm one of those misery loves company types , I want to read your 1 Star review later on down the road and laugh at it knowing exactly how you felt while being in my shoes for an hour . Seriously . This movie is super awesome and not even the most boring , dry , emotionless , thrown together , low budget , movies I have ever seen outside of something I saw in 2nd grade back in 1987 . So yeah , 5 Stars all the way !! Tell friends !!
 This is by far the worst attempt at a documentary ever . Boring beyond belief , It just regurgitates information available on the series Ancient Aliens from History Channel.Poorly & Badly . IT SUCKS !
 Do n't waste your time or money . The Ancient Aliens series was pretty interesting , this is just crap.I wish I could get my money , and more importantly , my time back !
 This video can not be played on the PC . I did not see any mention of that fact when I choose to rent the video . If your playback device is a PC this is a useless service to purchase videos from .
 This movie stinks so bad , do n't waste your money on it ... I only lasted for 5 minutes . I plan on requesting a refund !!
 This film is a joke . It features 13 minutes of arguing with no sex . The patient has a rising fever , 102 , 103 . But through out the film she remains lying in a bed with a heavy comforter pulled up to her shoulders , revealing nothing but a T-shirt . Anyone with that kind of fever would at least throw off the covers . The intelligent thing would then to take a cold shower or bath to help lower the fever . Neither of these was done . Meanwhile her man who is supposed to be caring for her , has his mind set on having sex and is actually angry that she does n't feel up to it . This film is a blatant effort to rip you off . It was probably conceived by man hating lesbians who have no respect for men and no concept of the male psyche .
 Poorly produced and executed . The routines are very simple , but the exercise moves are too fast to ensure good form and to avoid injury Glad I rented this before I bought it . Much prefer Crunch Cardio Dance Blast , which I did buy .
 Item came very quickly and played without incident . I have no problem with the shipping or condition of the DVD . But , the cuing and exercises presented in the DVD were horrible . I did not even complete the workout . Would not recommend .
 The product was shipped very quickly -LRB- less than a week -RRB- but the disc one does n't work in my dvd player and my computer
 I used to watch this show every week for two months until I got fed up with it . That 's right ; I got fed up , I did n't get bored . Earl is this redneck who wins some money and tries to make up for what he did wrong in the past to other people . Earl writes out a mile long list of all the things he 's done and he wo n't rest until he 's made up for it . So he actually comes across as being pushy and self-centered in order to get this accomplished instead of being just being humble , offering a simple apology , and moving on with his life . Anyway , Earl was married to this skank named Joy and they had a son together . They got divorced after their second son had came out - surprise ! - Black . Joy had cheated on Earl with Darnell aka Crabman , a Black man who worked at some restaurant and it was his son . The kid was always running around unkempt with this lumpy , dry afro that had the potential of being a fire hazard . So Joy and Earl get a divorce and Joy ends up marrying Darnell . Even though Joy and Darnell are married , Earl , for some reason , feels he has the right to just barge into their home any time he wants and still sleep around with Joy . Do n't let me get started on the episode when Joy 's parents come over for Christmas and they did n't know she had married Darnell . That was the last straw for me . Basically , Darnell was disrespected and just treated as a door mat in the entire show . The times when he does show any anger do n't last long because he seems so easy to pacify . I do n't understand what the point of having him on the show was if Earl and Joy were still going to be involved . Besides that , the acting on the show was very amateurish and extremely dry . Very emotionless . This show has the potential of leaving you brain dead if you watch it for too long . It 's a shame that a classic show like New York Undercover still has n't been put out on DVD while trash like this has . Skip this junk at ALL costs .
 They may have joined the group however their personalities just do n't fit with the whole concept of the family at all . The original SGs would never have done this catty , trashy vid . Do n't buy it even if you are a fan of the concept of being a part of close knit group of like-minded people .
 Pornography is ubiquitous . Good slasher films are many and often contain gratuitous nudity . The idea of combining a slasher film with a softcore porno is like putting a bunch of tiny grilled cheese sandwiches on top of a pizza . A pizza is nothing but dough and cheese . Slasher films guarantee gore and pornography . Why water down both genres as this plotless poor cousin to a film does ? Either watch a real slasher movie or get a girlfriend .
 I was watching Showtime and came across what I was n't sure was a reality show or a really bad movie . I checked the info and it only had the title , ` Suicide Girls Must Die ' . I thought it was about girls who had tried to commit suicide ... I was wrong . They fought just like VH1 's reality show girls fight ... over the dumbest things or things they just make up . It was almost over and I was curious to see if it was real or not . When I saw the blonde with the leg brace with a fake ax in her , it was too stupid to even laugh . And then there are 5 or so girls on an island , half naked acting retarded . I read someone write it 's not about their physical beauty , it 's about what 's inside . But most do n't seem to care about anything but trying to show off some naked part of themselves . Maybe it 's only me and everyone likes something different , but I was shocked at how much extra fat was on most of their bodies . If someone is just watching to see a naked girl , because there 's no point to anything else that happens , they 're wasting their time ... better off watching Playboy , etc. . And if none of them have ever really tried to commit suicide , that is a disrespectful title for them to use against people who really have attempted suicide . These supposed ` Suicide Girls ' should watch their horrible film and try slashing their own wrists .
 I paid $ 14 at Best Buy just out of curiosity . It was like a pathetic attempt at the Blair Witch Project type of movie . The girls are skinny , trashy , foul-mouthed , tatooed , druggie looking that offer nothing to the human race . I guess there will be enough dumb like me that purchase crap like this on a whim without reading reviews that they will actually make money off of this tripe . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!
 Yet another movie by the Suicide Girls who only focus on the skinny drugged out bad attitude ones . Only giving a glance or two toward the thicker more curvy ones . This movie sucked , horrible acting .
 This pathetic non-movie was only made to shamelessly promote the websites of these tattoo-riddled burned-out punk junkies who ca n't even get decent work doing fetish videos . It 's disgusting that the self-loathing charlatans have now resorted to blatantly ripping off horror fans by promoting this thing as ` horror ' ! No blood or gore , no suspense , etc. . It 's basically one LOOOONG photo shoot with unattractive and just plain nasty punk chicks resorting to the only card in their deck ... getting naked . How can a movie with so many naked girls be boring ? Well , this one damn sure is ! The ` models ' embarrassingly try to imitate every reality show you 've ever seen by subjecting viewers to lengthy interviews with themselves as they bitch endlessly and have an arrogant attitude toward those who do n't ` understand ' them ! These ` women ' are destined to live sad and angry lives -LRB- due to their own bad choices -RRB- , hating the world because it does n't give a damn about them . This is really pathetic stuff .
 It is quite obvious that the movie was designed as an attack on Fischer ` s personality and views and does a bad service to him as a person , a chess player and to chess in general . There is literally no analysis or commentary on his best games or what made him stand out as a very different and unique chess player which is somewhat the very thing one would expect from a movie about Bobby Fischer . I am pretty sure the people who were interviewed for this movie had said much more yet somehow one has the feeling that the editors have chosen the mantra `` YES I KNEW FISCHER AND HE HAD PROBLEMS '' as a central motif of the whole movie . Let ` s face it , Fischer did not have problems , he was simply light years ahead of anyone else in terms of his understanding of what was and is truly going on in the world and while he might have gotten some of the details wrong he did get the bigger picture right . For anyone who wants to know why Fischer was considered a genius in the world of chess I would like to recommend the great movie by GM Roman Dzindzichashvili `` A tribute to Bobby Fischer '' which can be watched on youtube .
 I had seen positive reviews on other websites , and was glad to have finally been able to find the movie for streaming . I was disappointed . Very strange storyline , hard to follow .
 I did not finish the movie . I could not see or get the point of this movie . May it was about love and poetry , but I did n't get it .
 The story line was weak and the gay theme was equally weak . The acting was hit or miss depending on the character and act .
 Okay , I was on a Robin Hood binge a while back and so purchased a slew of Robin Hood DVDs . On that pile are movies the likes ofRobin Hood - Prince of Thieves , Robin Hood and The Pirates / The Adventures of Robin Hood -LRB- TV Episodes 1-7 -RRB- , The Adventures of Robin Hood
 When I found the Legends of the West 8 Movie Collection on DVD it looked like I had found a gem . While none of the titles in the collection will be confused with The Searchers or The Good , The Bad , and The Ugly , there are some decent -LRB- if somewhat obscure -RRB- movies in the set . From low budget American made Westerns from the 70 's to Spaghetti Westerns this set has some decent titles -LRB- and a couple lesser titles as well -RRB- . So I picked up the set hoping that BCI/Brentwood made sure that the quality of the prints and encoding/mastering was at least passable . After BCI 's job on legitimately licensed titles over the last 5 years I thought that was at least a strong possibility.Unfortunately , as it turns out , this set is barely watchable at all . Washed out color and contrast on most titles is the first problem . Pronounced compression artifacting is another major problem , along with slightly muffled sound . Putting the 8 movies on 2 double sided discs is part of the problem.Title by title this is the scorecard ... Johnny Yuma - Non Anamorphic widescreen , non-progressive -LRB- showing combing or interlacing -RRB- , washed out color and contrast , serious compression artifacting , somewhat muffled sound.Joshua - Non Anamorphic/Non-Progressive widescreen , color and contrast are marginally better than Johnny Yuma , but again there is significant compression artifcacting and muffled sound.The Gatling Gun - Full Screen/Pan & Scan , non-progressive , washed out color and contrast , serious compression artifacts , muffled sound.The Legend of Alfred Packer - Full Screen/Pan & Scan , non-progressive , strong compression artifacts , muffled sound.Find A Place To Die - Non Anamorphic/Non-Progressive widescreen , serious compression artifacting , muffled sound , dark print , poor contrast & color - VERY hard to watch.Big Bad John - -LRB- Not even a true Western as it takes place in modern Day -RRB- - Full Screen TV movie , better color and contrast , but still showing serious compression artifacting . The sound on this one is also better than the rest - significantly better.The Grand Duel - Anamorphic Widescreen , but non-progressive . VERY washed out picture with pronounced compression artifcacting . The sound is , again , muffled.China 9 , Liberty 27 - Full Screen/Pan & Scan , non-progressive , washed out color and contrast , seriously muffled sound , and the most pronounced compression artifacting in the set . Almost completely unwatchable.BCI was shut down at the end of 2008 by their parent company , and many people lamented their loss as they had built up quite a catalog of legitimately licensed titles that were mastered/authored with great care . This DVD set goes against the grain of what BCI had become over the last 5 years - a company that released high quality DVD 's of hard to find titles.If there is a title on this set that you can not find anywhere else that you have wanted to watch for years then that would be the only reason to buy this set . The quality is very , very poor .3 stars for the movies -LRB- some good , some bad , most in the middle -RRB- , and only 1 star for the quality of the prints & mastering .
 Drive-In Cult Classics , Vol . 4Pretty much what you would expect from `` B '' movies from the 60s made for drive-in theaters . Some are actually OK , but all are fun and nostalgic . At least now I can see the movie I missed while I was making out with my girlfriend . LOL
 Boring , slow , Dull , one of the WORSE movies I have ever viewed . Save Yourself some precious time and watch a good movie , i wish i did . how the heck could a studio allow such rubbish to be released . it makes you wonder .
 One has to wonder , after the success of Westworld which Michael Crichton wrote and directed , why he would allow Mike Hodges to make such a mess of The Terminal Man . At least Crichton had the sense to do his own Coma . The premise of this film is akin to Crichton 's ongoing concern with the impersonality that seems to go with advances in medical technology . Here it is believed that surgery can correct violent behaviour , since it is thought that those disposed to violent acts are simply brain damaged . George Segal plays Harry Benson , a computer genius who suffers from `` para-epilepsy '' which has resulted him in having blackouts with uncontrollable rages . He agrees to surgery , which is untried on humans , -LRB- we never find out the effects on the animals that came before him , but presumably they are no longer `` brain damaged '' -RRB- and has an electronic computer implanted into his brain to tranquilise and abort the violent impules . There 's no prize for guessing the treatment is a failure and soon the computer is overloading stimulants and pushing Harry into regular seizures . Hodges gives such painstaking detail to the operation that we soon realise that his interest is the miniature of the surgery and not in giving his audience a good time . His hospital plays Muzak in the corridors and he otherwise has Glenn Gould playing Bach on his soundtrack . The fact that he does n't use an action score is probably symptomatic of Hodges ' inappropriate restraint . He teases us with eye through a peephole observations as Harry 's mind -LRB- I think -RRB- , Them on TV , and one great image of Harry running maniacally through cemetary headstones . Just when the final cemetary scene arouses your interest , with Harry fallen into an about-to-be used grave , Hodges disappoints us by turning him into a Christ-figure . George Segal has previously demonstrated his range in comedy and drama , but here his uncontrollable rages are pretty tepid . I guess when one considers who to cast as a paranoid psychotic , Segal does n't come to mind . Hodges actually never shows him in a direct attack , and when he tries to break through a locked door a la Jack Nicholson in The Shining , I was waiting for the `` Here 's Johnny '' gag . It also does n't help that Segal is dressed in a ridiculous wig and white suit as if he is in a dubbed Italian movie . Playing Segal 's girlfriend , before her Unmarried Woman breakthrough , Jill Clayburgh is given thankless scenes but still manages to contribute some goofiness . As Harry 's doctor , Joan Hackett is also under-used . Hodges recalls the infamous photos of Frances Farmer being arrested with similar pics of Harry , and there is an objection to the surgery from someone who reminds us of how disastrous frontal lobotomies were at the time . What is unintentionally amusing is how one of the doctors on staff is played by an actor with a huge bare forehead , as if he has already been under the ice-pick .
 Holy nun monkeys is this movie slow ! I 've seen molasses on concrete move at a rate faster than this . Good storyline -LRB- that 's because it 's based on the Michael Crichton novel -RRB- the film it self is just a tad bit dated for the times . The story as I said was good execpt the ending which left me clueless . They obviously changed it from the ending in the novel . I really do n't recommend this film to anyone not even the Michael Crichton fans .
 The protagonist Harry Benson played By George Segal has uncontrollable violent rages caused by para-epileptic seizures due to a head injury recieved in an automobile accident . Electrodes are imbedded in the limbic region of his brain to apply small electric shocks and stop the seizures . The procedure fails and increases the number of rages to 4 a day . Tragically , the pacing of this film would have been enough to arrest the seizures permanently , effecting a miraculous recovery . Unfortunately our tragic hero never benefits from this irony and is done in . Do yourself a favor and end any interest in this terminally dull morass before u fall into stuporous misery .
 There are a few great moments scattered across this movie , but they do n't come often enough to offset the tedium or lift it out of the realm of a mildly interesting failure . Hard to say why Hodges chose to shoot it at such a glacial pace or in such somber , funereal tones . Maybe he was going for the Kubrick Effect . But Terminal Man is no Space Odyssey . It 's an extremely simple Crichton story
 Of all the popular authors of recent years , Michael Crichton has to be the one with the most uneven track record of film adaptation . Success with material like `` The Andromeda Strain '' and `` Jurassic Park , '' and even TV 's `` ER , '' is tempered by sludge like `` Congo '' and this near disaster . Should only be viewed by film students who want to learn how NOT to make a film.The premise is that a man named Harry Benson -LRB- George Segal -RRB- has suffered a brain injury that causes seizures resulting in uncontrollable violent behavior . He volunteers to undergo implantation of a `` limbic pacer , '' which is kind of like a pacemaker but it 's in the brain , controlling the seizures . Naturally the procedure -LRB- first ever in a human -RRB- does n't work , and we see the disastrous results of said failure.Yes , the entire plot is really as simple as that . It is a situation fraught with opportunity for psychological drama that would draw us in , involving the subject 's mental anguish on a personal and interpersonal level . Instead Segal practically sleep-walks through the whole thing , apparently bored to death with his psychotic life.Adding to the boredom is the bizarre directorial decision to use practically no musical soundtrack . Perhaps the belief was that it would heighten the otherworldliness and detachment of the characters from their situation , as much of the other direction goes to great lengths to dehumanize almost everyone in this film , taking its cue from Benson 's belief that the computers of his day -LRB- 1974 -RRB- were competing with humans and would eventually take over the world . Any resemblance to `` The Matrix '' abruptly ends there , as the director chooses to use that belief as a backdrop that only makes the film dull to the point of somnolence.I could nitpick about the technical errors regarding the OR , such as -LRB- 1 -RRB- having virtually no conversation among OR personnel , -LRB- 2 -RRB- horrendous sound editing , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- postoperative dictation in which the surgeon feels he has to carefully spell the inanely common term `` limbic . '' There are even two embarrassing moments early in the film when two different characters voice their opposition to the surgery , one who states `` I 'm against it '' at a moment when a more thorough explanation would be appropriate , and another who inappropriately rambles on and on with a veritable sermon on hell fire and brimstone . Laughably bad.The story is interesting enough and most of the supporting actors are credible , but overall this turkey should be left as a monument to bad ideas in filmmaking of the early 1970s . Those were the days , my bud , but this stinker is a dud .
 I was expecting rich , vibrant Fox Technicolor , on a par with `` Drums Along the Mohawk '' , and I could have dealt with some flicker and with modest print damage , but right from the opening scene , it was clear that this film had not been restored , that the Technicolor strips were damaged , and that the colors were off -LRB- and almost non-existent at times -RRB- . As a result , I found it difficult to concentrate on the film ; I kept thinking of how bad it looked and how much better it might have looked had the money been put into some sort of restoration . I 've grown to have so much confidence in these Fox classics , and this is my first major letdown , so I 'm hoping `` The Return of Frank James '' will turn out alright -LRB- though I was so disappointed with `` Jesse '' that I 've toyed with the idea of returning `` Frank '' -RRB- . Anyhow , sadly , I have to advise against getting this unless you do n't care about the picture quality -- if PQ matters to you , you are bound to be disappointed .
 Knowing that 20th Century Fox IS capable of quality restoration , as proven in their 30 + Studio Classics Series , I was let down by the amature color reproduction of what should be the magic that film 's shot in technicolor produce . Of the two films from 20th Century , `` Jesse James '' and `` The Return of Frank James '' , `` Jesse James '' is so poorly transferred to DVD that I had to remove all color from my television calibration panel and then adjust the picture for the best quality b & w ; that my Sony is capable of.It is truly a shame when a company seems to arbitrarily decide to reproduce some classic films to their glorious original condition and then simply ignore others . In 1939 Tyrone Power was Hollywoods leading man . In The Mask of Zorro -LRB- Another 20th Century Fox film -RRB- the DVD transfer and restoration by 20th Century Fox was excellent . This is a sham and an insult to technicolor 's genius . Those who enjoy film do not simply consider the plot to be the only critiera by which a film is enjoyed or judged . All elements of making a film from lighting , to composition , to color , sound , etc. . all play a part in a film 's drama.BUT NOT IN THIS PATHETIC LONG AWAITED TECHNICOLOR CLASSIC . I would not have purchased this film if I had known that it would look as if it had been stored in a cardboard box along with all the color family photos that now have a pale cyan/magenta cast , no detail in the shadows and an overall reproduction that makes most of the photos and film look as if it were shot at night . `` The Return of Frank James '' is still presented in rather good Technicolor -LRB- not its best either -RRB- . The stories , no matter how historically fictional they may be , are sheer Western fun.But that fun is diminished when the visual presentation of the stories are so poorly presented that one has to wonder if consistency of quality is a commitment by 20th Century Fox . You may want to think about buying `` Jesse James '' if you are a true film buff but if you still want another Tyrone Power classic for your DVD collection , remember you will probably have to remove ALL color and enjoy it in b & w ; .
 The American Humane Association , which is the source of the familiar disclaimer `` No animals were harmed ... '' -LRB- the registered trademark of the AHA -RRB- began to monitor the use of animals in film production more than 60 years ago , after a blindfolded horse was forced to leap to its death from the top of a cliff for a shot in the film Jesse James -LRB- 1939 -RRB- . Needless to say , the atrocious act kills the whole entertainment aspect of this film for me . I suppose one could say that at least the horse did n't die in vain , since it was the beginning of the public waking up to the callous and horrendous pain caused animals for the glory of movie making , but I ca n't help but feel that if the poor animal had a choice , this sure would n't have been the path he would have taken !
 Whatever significance this film has , it derives from the stellar cast . Tyrone Power and Henry Fonda do a credible job portraying Jesse and Frank James despite a screenplay that takes criminal liberties with the historical record . You may find it entertaining , but do n't come away from it thinking you 've learned anything useful about the James boys . The distortions become all the more shocking when you realize that there were still people alive in western Missouri who remembered the original people and events when this silly thing was released .
 While the movie itself was very good , engaging , entertaining , etc. , the final solution , so to speak , arrived at to link science and the Bible still leaves in place the 6 literal days not millions of years question by referring to `` two extinctions '' . The Bible is clear that there was no death until sin entered the world . There could not have been extinctions of created life prior to the creation of Adam and Eve -LRB- day 6 -RRB- and their fall into sin some time later . Death is a direct consequence of the Fall and it affects all life . So , as much as I enjoyed the film , this flaw prevents me from recommending it . Because it does n't fully answer the conflict between secular science and creation science , it actually does more harm than good . Many may say it does n't matter whether it was 6 literal days or billions of years but it does matter . Genesis is the foundation , the beginning of God 's revelation to us . Once you start to question the truth of Genesis it opens the door to questioning the entire Bible . It is supremely important that we take God at His Word . He said , ... and it was evening and morning the first , second , third , fourth , fifth , sixth days . We ca n't pick and choose what in Scripture we -LRB- finite human beings that we are -RRB- agree with and what we do n't . We , the church , are losing our kids to the world and this issue has much to do with why this is happening . There is no inherent conflict between Scripture and science . But when some , whose agenda is known to have been removing God from the picture of our lives , began to theorize regarding origins , too many Christians , seeking to fit it , took the position that evolution/millions of years fit in with the Bible . They do n't . Even science now recognizes that evolution is not fact and is unprovable ; the millions of years was added as it would take that long to even make it remotely possible , not at all probable , based on what we know from observable science . All of that to say I can not recommend this movie . Too many Christians are biblically illiterate and would totally miss the significance of this film 's flaw .
 I bought the movie , thinking it would be an accurate intersection of science and God 's Word but it 's contrary to the sound teaching of Dr. Ken Ham of Answers in Genesis.The movie tries to `` explain '' or reconcile how 6 days here on earth could be equivalent to `` millions of years '' from another reference point . To me that would infer that `` evolution '' took place in our 6 literal days of creation here on earth . It 's the worst logic of both `` sides '' of the debate . Things just do n't evolve ; they adapt , they mutate , they change , they 're genetically enhanced through selective breeding . There 's a big difference.I finally had to shut it off mid-way through the story . I could try to explain more but I think they do a better job on the Answers in Genesis website.In the meantime , steer clear of this movie . It will only serve to confuse and distract your family from the truth .
 Has some great actors -LRB- Ernest Borgnine and Fred Dalton Thompson -RRB- , but unfortunately some unBiblical theology.For a clear take on how this film departs from actual Genesis theology , see the review from Answers in Genesis .
 I read with great interest all the reviews giving credit to everyone who added to the discussion.However , I noticed within the discussions that this Movie on DVD shows the value of the Movie as allowing for the Biblical account was for some viewers an answer to the `` scientific account '' the possibility that the two divergent accounts were not necessarily in discord with each other but rather could live in harmony . Modern science basically explaining HOW God accomplished his work and therefore both accounts may not necessarily be in adversity with each others account.A true Christian who is knowledgeable in the Word of God , the Bible , either the original Roman Catholic Vulgate of approximately 600 a.d. as well the the next great studious work the 1611 King James Protestant version -LRB- the 1611 KJV used the original Vulgate as a `` help '' in bringing to us the KJV -RRB- ... most people are not aware the KJV was somewhat based on the Roman Catholic Vulgate and if you tell some people that they become very upset , especially Baptists ... I am a Baptist who can accept the facts and disagree with other Baptists who disagree that the Vulgate was used to solve problems for the KJV writers.Now , having said the above , their is one big difference between the RC Vulgate and the KJV
 More trash on why science is wrong and education discriminates against people with preconceived ideas about creation . A movie that days the world hates Christians because they push their obnoxious worldview .
 My wife and I watched as much of this video as we could stand . It it loaded with theistic evolution with man being a by product of the big bang and over 16 billion years.It does not stand the Biblical record and I heartily DO NOT recommend it .
 I expected a quality film with a clear message.This is not the case in my opinion.The thread of continuity was fuzzy and there was an air of moving too fast near the end.Big disappointment for me !
 I bought the Genesis Code hoping to find a good family video . I was so disappointed . The premise is flawed from the very start . The young college students attempt to justify evolution by manipulating the integrity of what God meant when He created the world . They leave out some very important issues that make their approach impossible . For example , Biblically , there was no death until sin entered the world by Adam and Eve 's disobedience . This video begins with a presupposition that evolution is true and Christians need to find a way to justify the Bible . Christians need to start with the Bible and wait for science to catch up . I would not recommend this video , I wish I could return it .
 There is a lot wrong with this movie but I will start with the most important to the least :1 . For a Christian movie , there is no mention of Jesus . There is no talk of Genesis 3 and the Fall . The movie is no more Christian than Veggie Tales . The movie `` proves '' that a generic God created the world but does not say if this is the God of Christianity . How do you have a movie about Christianity and not mention Jesus at all ? Is Christianity only Genesis 1-2 ? 2 . The movie uses pseudo science to `` prove '' creation but the whole thing is incredibly flawed and opens the door wide for evolution . In the movie they say that God created humans 65 millions ago and left it there , but it 's only logical that evolution played a part in their scheme of things . They talked about Extinction Level Events happening before the creation of humanity but that is not consistent with the Bible . Death did not enter the world until Adam sinned . If death did not come around until Adam 's sin , how could there be Extinction Level Events ? It does n't work theologically .3 . The time and space idea was creative but it is flawed . Why would God tell Moses that He created the world in 6 days when He knew that 6 days to Moses was 6 24 hour days and not 15 billion years ? Why would God be cryptic and only now we can make sense of it ? If that is the case , we can use this hermeneutic to say that Jesus did n't really rise but His spirit did and from the disciples ' frame of reference He was bodily risen . The Bible is a plain text and is not full of hidden codes and secrets that this movies makes it out to be . When God said 6 days He meant a HUMAN 6 days and not 6 days from His frame of reference . Also , what is time to God ? He exists outside of time . Time is a mortal element that has no real meaning on God who is eternal .4 . The movie says that the biggest issue that people have with Christianity is Genesis 1-2 but that is not true . The biggest issue people have with Christianity is CHRIST and the fact that they need a Savior ! This goes back to my first point . In `` proving '' Genesis 1-2 this does nothing to prove Christ . Believing in Genesis 1-2 is not as hard as believing in the Gospels . Jews and Muslims believe in Genesis 1-2 but not in the Christ of the Gospels .5 . Dialogue
 worst movie EVER !! I have NO idea how others rated it so high !!! well , unless they do n't actually READ their Bible !! It goes against scripture AND science to prove a point that is PURE FANTASY !!! The writers OBVIOUSLY do n't REALLY know physics !! JEEPERS !
 I liked that this film was a good clean Christian film , but this should not be in the romance category .
 I must put out there that I did not watch the whole movie . I watched most of it but just turned it off from sher exasperation . I was interested in this because I liked the main character who was in the Love Comes Softly series . I knew he could act and there were a lot of big names in this . The acting was my first problem with this movie . Even the people who knew how seemed to have trouble delivering their lines with enough feeling . But hey I knew what this movie was when I picked it up . I hung in there till the whole science explanation started and after about 30 min I got lost and bored and not just me my sister and my kids . So we fast forwarded and fast forwarded for a long while and just shut it off when there seemed to be no end in sight . I blame this movies faults on the editing staff . It would have been a much better , much shorter movie had they left a ton out .
 One important detail that I found to be a letdown was the application or theory as to how time was considered to be different billions of years ago . They used the term `` time dilation '' to refer to how time has been slowing down since the inception of life and the existence of time itself has slowed down over billions of years . This is supposed to explain how we possibly misinterpreted the six days of creation in the Book of Genesis as representing a period of billions of years . But the universe is not expanding while time is slowing down -LRB- this is exactly what the science geek brother said in the movie , by the way -RRB- . The universe is expanding and time is speeding up . So this completely negates the whole theory provided in this movie.On a slightly different note , the only way time dilation can truly apply is if some race of beings were watching the development of our planet from , I do n't know , say some several million light years away perhaps ? I 'm no science buff by any means but for this time dilation to make sense it seems like someone would have to be recording this information from a very far off place in the universe to create this `` code '' of time discrepancy . And I do n't buy that God would provide this information in this manner so that we are left to struggle with some cryptic message that we can unlock after finally arriving to the 21st century . If that were true then why bother accepting the Ten Commandments at literal face value ? Were n't the Ten Commandments told to Moses by God also ? And was n't this the case with the Book of Genesis ? So why is one thing told to Moses -LRB- by God -RRB- accepted and understood as literal while another is metaphoric or now involving `` time dilation '' theories necessary to prove validity ? It just all gets convoluted if you ask me.SPOILER ALERT
 This film is Christian fundamentalist propaganda . The scientific arguments toward the end are riddled with errors . In three words
 I had great expectations , but the movie fell short . Dr. Russell Humphreys has a much more plausible explanation of the universe using the Theory of Relativity .
 I was interested in Logan Bartholomew , since he was in some of the Love Come Softly series . This movie started out on the wrong foot in the very beginning , when Blake -LRB- Logan 's character -RRB- asked Kerry -LRB- Sanders -RRB- how her sex life was . He explained that he has never met a pure girl before . She was attempting an interview with him for a magazine article . When Kerry meets Blake 's buddies later that same day in the bar , for the first time , they tell her that he has many girls . Whenever Kerry meets Logan , it is frequently in a bar . As they got to know each other , they met other places . The behavior of Logan 's buddies was quite wild in the first bar scene , like they were trying to show off to Kerry and her two friends . I liked Sanders and Bartholomew very much , but the storyline was weak and seemed to try to attract a college age audience . Christians would not meet non-Christians in a bar , if they had a choice of meeting places , it would have been at a coffee shop or a restaurant.The explanation of how science and the Bible agree and differ was quite drawn out , not to say it was n't interesting . Kerry speaks out in class when her science teacher tries to explain everything with evolution and this witnessing-type of responses that she gives the teacher seems to annoy him and the guidance counselor . The professor turns off her comments with humor , trying to show that she 's always defending that creation is correct and evolution is not . Her guidance counselor has a lengthy chat with Kerry trying aggressively persuade her to abandon her Christian beliefs , especially her belief that God created the world . The guidance counselor makes a visit to Kerry 's dad -LRB- a minister -RRB- at his church office . He brings up a perverse subject that I would never mention with my children or to anyone for that matter , I found this quite offensive . Why in the world would the producers of this movie think that that subject ought to be mentioned , did they think children would not watch this film ? I did n't want my children asking me what that topic was . The movie went in the trash and I wasted my money . I did like the main characters . I found it interesting that Kerry 's science professor and her dad were good friends , despite their differences in beliefs . That was cool!Overall , I 'd say the movie was weakened with too many bar scenes , sexual references , and a huge inappropriate discussion . Why would Kerry have anything to do further with a guy who asked her how her sex life was ? Why did n't Kerry stand up to her guidance counselor , when the woman was really over-asserting her position as an evolutionist , anti-creationist . Kerry was quite passive with the guidance counselor . I found myself saying , `` Say something ! Defend your Christian belief in creation ! '' Kerry just sat there . The movie ends with Kerry and Bartholomew falling for each other , but that 's farfetched . Blake was a very immoral guy , Kerry a Christian . It should have taken several years in real life to build trust between them and for her to see a changed character in him , before she could accept him as a boyfriend to be a potential husband someday . I thought it was unrealistic in that sense . In Blake 's defense , he does come to a deeper understanding of God and how He is powerful and answers prayer , but that would n't convince me that he had suddenly become a moral person and would stop using alchol . I 'd look at another movie . The inappropriate content in this movie is why it was rated PG . I should have not bought it anyway .
 The film was well done and the acting was pretty good . The problem I have is that the film was theistic evolution . It tried to combine the athietic mind set of some scientist with the Bible . There are True believers who are scientist that have uncovered evidence of Bible truth that is supported by science without trying to pacify the unbelieving science world .
 Kyle Cease ceases to be funny about a minute into his show - the jokes are littered with profanity just for profanity 's sake -LRB- We 're not talking Chris Rock , George Carlin , or Richard Pryor using profanity to make a point , shock , or otherwise add to social commentary - basically this is a 20 something year old who still thinks its a hoot to stand on stage and just utter random swear words -RRB- . If the cussing does n't have you reaching for the aspirin , his incessant references to women as the b word , his desire to spin them around and smack them , and constantly referring to vaginas as a catch phrase will have you grabbing for the bottle of extra strength aspirin.Until watching this download I did not consider myself old . I 'm in my late 20s but I think this `` humor '' is best enjoyed by those who still pass notes in class .
 Loaded cast but awful script . If you buy it buy used or run like I should have . I love D. Talbert but this script sucks .
 I ca n't believe I just wasted an hour and a half of my life on this stupidness . I 'm prime member , so thank God I did n't waist money as well .
 Okay , this one 's not too good . Basically just hackneyed garbage . Die Hard and Dennis the Menace are mentioned , so at least the movie is up front about its lack of originality . This movie has a dumb A-team esque thing where no one is killed even though they should be . It 's like a brainless cartoon . The dune buggie finale is a good idea and memorable.It 's a fun movie to watch on a lazy afternoon , with a fun soundtrack and good actors , great location . Plus it 's a 90s flick , so it has that going for it . It 's funny to read the reviews on here that are worshipful of the young lead . Worshiping male celebrities was pretty popular back then -LRB- Dicaprio . -RRB- I would encourage anyone reading this to also read Roger Ebert 's review of this film , which is hilarious .
 I 'm actually reading positive reviews of `` Masterminds ? '' Okay , the film was watchable at best . But never have I seen such an embarrassingly awful movie . Directed by Roger `` Battlefield Earth '' Christian , this poorly-executed ripoff of `` Die Hard '' has huge plot holes , twists that make no sense , and obvious attempts at humor that just is n't funny . Why is the movie so flawed ? I suppose because it 's aimed at teenagers . Maybe as a kid 's movie this would be okay , but with all the profanity , it sort of bars the kids from it anyway . Patrick Stewart looks rather embarrassed as the film 's villain , who has hijacked a private school and is holding certain children ransom so he can get money from their rich parents . However the world 's most annoying hacker -LRB- Vincent Katheter or something -RRB- is in the building and he 's taking the bad guys out , `` Home Alone '' style ! Okay , I tried to make it sound somewhat cool , but when you get right down to it , this movie was done way wrong . Director Christian tilts his camera frequently and for no reason , a technique he used in `` Battlefield Earth , '' he also has many , many explosions and lots of yelling and phrases like `` Someone stop that kid ! '' This is a film so by-the-numbers that anything not routine for a movie like this would 've made it better . I saw this film when I was a kid and thought it was silly and dumb then . Now , as a young adult , I think it 's predictable , pointless , and pitiful . Respect yourself . Stay away from `` Masterminds ''
 It 's as if someone said `` Hey , let 's write the worse possible movie we can thing of ! '' So , they did it , then sent it to a rewrite commiteee who spent time making it even worse .
 I might say that it was not that a great movie , nor even a good movie at that . First we have antagonists who are most likely mercks , but lack the skills to prove that they are . Even their leader , considering his role , is not appropriate to be a British SAS . Also , they are very `` soft '' , to consider that they are equipped with dartguns . I got irritated also that there were many times that the protagonist will surely be caught but the criminals were so stupid . The film also lacks of realism , not much crowds outside the gate , considering that these are children held hostages . Mines exploding very near policemen , but they were not much affected by the blasts , etc. . Well I need not go on . For me , do n't waste your money buying this movie . If you want , just rent it .
 This movie is terrible . Brenda Fricker and Patrick Stewart , two class acts , must have had urgent bills to pay . If I could give this zero stars I would . It had to be a candidate for one of the worst films of the year . DO N'T BOTHER !
 I was really disappointed in this movie , thought it would be leaning more toward revolutions in the bible and our Armageddon .
 Way too much blood and gore for my liking . Made me sick to my stomach so I turned the movie off .
 I ca n't believe this movie was made . Not only was this a huge mistake on all counts , but they actually tagged some big-name actors
 Nonsensical and not well done ... it deserves all of the poor reviews by Christian and non-Christian alike ! Enough said ... do not waste your time ... unless you just have nothing else to do in the next twenty years
 I do n't typically write reviews , but for a movie THIS BAD I had to make an exception.Every part of this movie seemed like an afterthought . Aside from what the `` actors '' were paid , this movie looked like it had a $ 10k budget . Rent a run down desert truck stop , blow up a few cars , add some cheesy CG and there ya go . The story was weak and very loosely knit together -LRB- if at all -RRB- . Worst movie of the year ? You bet ! The best part was when I was able to return it to the video store.As for the religious aspect of it , someone should have read a Bible before production.WWJD ? He 'd give it two thumbs down if he could .
 What garbage . Do any of these screenwriters ever talk to real born again biblical believers ? I hope the producers do n't waste money on a legion 2 .
 The premise of the film has potential , and there are good actors involved , but the writer and director do nothing with their raw materials . Using a hodgepodge of visual ideas from earlier and better films -LRB- Night of the Living Dead , Jacob 's Ladder , Tremors , etc. -RRB- , they render a perfectly predictable and ordinary horror film . There is far too much time spent on quiet moments for the characters to talk about themselves ; that would be fine if the conversations or character development were actually interesting or developed , but it slows the movie 's pacing down drastically , without giving us any real insight or emotional involvement . There is nowhere a shred of originality , conviction , or humor , and the actors are wasted for the most part , though Paul Bettany manages to find some depth in his character . It 's not a bad film ; it 's just not a good one .
 I saw this film by mistake , and it only taught me how bad big budgetcinema can be . During the film I frequently asked myself
 Legion is an apocalyptic horror/action movie that centers around the birth of a child and the legions of angels sent by God trying to kill it . The movie begins with the archangel , Michael , leaving God 's army and traveling to protect the unborn child at a diner / gas station in the desert.This movie has decent special effects , casting , and cinematography , but lacks substance . The focus seems to have been on visual stimulation and not a well detailed plot . All of the bits and pieces are there , but the story was not developed enough to give this movie real substance . It is a wax apple compared to a real apple , it looks good and nice to eat , but it does n't have a real matter to it.I would n't waste my time watching this movie ; you 'll end up not hating it , but not caring about it either . Oh , the movie was really predictable too . I do n't like watching movies when I think I could have written it better .
 What a terrible waste of time and money.The movie has no plot , no charm , no magic.The so called `` angels '' look downright pathetic.I think this movie is just silly .
 With a more capable director behind the lenses and a better screenplay too , `` Legion '' would have been much more entertaining . The apocalyptic thriller is yet another end-of-the-world scenario movie about stock characters trapped in a diner in Mojave Desert . Completely isolated in the middle of nowhere , the diner owner -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- and his son -LRB- Lucas Black -RRB- , a cook -LRB- Charles Dutton -RRB- , a pregnant waitress -LRB- Adrianne Palicki -RRB- and those unlucky patrons are under attack from the zombie-like humans all intent on their demise - or demise of one of them . And one mysterious visitor Michael -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- announces that God has lost faith in mankind . `` Legion '' is a hopelessly derivative supernatural thriller - with many ideas borrowed from elsewhere , including countless zombie films and `` The Terminator '' - but there is one original concept , namely , its theological aspect and battling angles . With nice special effects -LRB- including `` the ice cream man '' by cameo Doug Jones -RRB- and cinematography , `` Legion '' is technically decent , but the potential is not fully utilized because of its slow pace and numerous plot holes.In short , `` Legion '' is a pretty boring experience . The story begins with intriguing premise , but it does n't make much sense in the confusing second half . Characters talk much , but what they say is not very interesting . Most importantly , action scenes are lazy and repetitious with no real build-up . The last part is particularly disappointing .
 Wow , the 2010 cinematic release ` Legion ' had everything going for it ; Paul Bettany -LRB- one of my favorite actors -RRB- , the eternal battle between spiritual good and evil and excellent special effects as the cherry on top . So WHAT HAPPENED ??? I 'll tell you what happened , one of the most convulted , unintelligent and downright ridiculous storylines I 've ever had to sit through happened . Paradise Falls , indeed ! I guess the writer , or writers could n't come up with anything original so they went for the old zombie army cliche , threw in a kind-of virgin birth/savior motiff and some high powered weaponry to blow off large chunks of zombie parts . Ahh ... , so much for a spectacular Apocalyse.Pass on this one by all means .
 The entire premise of the film is centered around an angel who decides that God 's decision to destroy all humans via demon possessed humans is immoral and risks his life in order to save the mother and her unborn son -LRB- who incidentally enough , has powers to save the human race -RRB- . Once you suspend your disbelief at the ridiculousness of God being so inefficient and messy by using flesh eating demons to kill us off instead of putting on a nice natural disaster , you begin to realize how cliche the characters are , how cheesy the special effects are and how stupid the rest of the plot is.The only cool part of the film was the granny demon . I 'll never look at elderly people in the same way again : D
 I rented it for $ 1 plus tax from red box and still feel totally ripped off . It is the worst kind of bad movies , being complete nonsense yet wanting to be taken seriously . So you ca n't even get a good laugh or chuckle out of it . The whole premise was beyond stupid , and the acting , what acting !? The entire cast , including Dennis Quaid , look to be on the verge of bursting into laughter even when they put up their best effort to look intense . Definitely skip this one .
 `` When God loses faith in Mankind , he sends his legion of angels to bring on the Apocalypse . '' Gabriel -LRB- Paul Bettanny -RRB- is a fallen angel who has sworn to protect the mother -LRB- Adrianna Palicki -RRB- of a special unborn child that 's humanities last hope.Legion is a good looking movie with a good cast and good visual effects , but sadly the movie itself is n't very good . Legion plays like the Terminator meets televisions Supernatural . You have a waitress who 's told her unborn child has a great destiny and Paul Bettany as an angel with as many weapons as Kyle Reece and even a jacket that looks a lot similar.While angels not exactly being as good as you 'd expect has been done better on Supernatural . The movie just falls apart after the promising beginning with the evil old lady . You 'll realize you 're watching a bad movie when someone explodes with puss going every where . Up to that point I did n't see where the movie was that bad . Plus you never even learn what makes the baby so special . I think he 's a leader in the future that leads mankind against machines . But that 's just my theory .
 LEGION was never going to be a great movie . But it should at least have been FUN . Sadly , it is a poorly written , poorly acted bore.The concept , while ridiculous , could have led to a crazy , over-the-top action fantasy . Apparently , the angels of heaven have been directed to begin the apocalypse , because God and the angels are just so fed up with how awful mankind has become . -LRB- I have to point out that this is kinda what happened prior to Noah and his flood , and after that , God sent his rainbow as a promise to never wipe out mankind again . Wow , we 've really come off the tracks if God is breaking these promises . -RRB- But there IS a loophole . If this one particular baby , being carried by unwed mother Adrienne Palicki -LRB- from TVs FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS -RRB- , is born , the world will be saved . So naturally , the angels have a target on the back of that baby . And this baby 's mom is located in the most out-of-the-way , desolate roadside diner in all of America , so that a small but varied group of movie stereotypes can engage in a battle with the fast approaching angel assassins . But Archangel Michael -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- has decided he 'd rather save this child , so he shows up to fight off the hoard.Cheesy , but packed with potential . Yet , for a movie that promises lots of action ... there is VERY little action . And that might be okay if the time between action sequences was filmed with anything other than horrific dialogue delivered by disinterested actors . The normally charming and easy Dennis Quaid is supposed to be the owner of the diner , a sad-sack who has long seen his dreams of modest retail success go down the tubes along with his marriage ... but he comes across as simple-minded and pitiful . Kate Walsh is on hand to play a wealthy , shrewish mother whose car has broken down ... and she fails utterly to generate any consistency in her clich&eacute;d role . Charles Dutton is around to play the same character Charles Dutton usually plays ... but this time , his dialogue is so tired that there is no Dutton charisma . Tyrese Gibson is actually marginally interesting -LRB- he 's usually a pretty stone-faced presence -RRB- ... but that 's only in comparison to a pretty low bar . Palicki has a few sparks , but her character is generally so unappealing , that it 's hard to root for her.Worst of all is Paul Bettany . He 's often a terrific actor -LRB- A BEAUTIFUL MIND , MASTER & COMMANDER -RRB- ... but here he is saddled with an underwritten part , and he seems determined to wring absolutely nothing out of it . Some actors can take bad scripts and by force of will make them interesting . Bettany does the opposite here . He has about one expression . He has nothing interesting to say . He is n't convincing as a man -LRB- or angel -RRB- of action.The trailer to the movie showed a scene with an old woman turning into a crazy , wall climbing monster . The scene , in context , is laughable and actually does n't make much sense in the plot . And there are other scenes too that seem to mostly involve taking something we generally think of as pleasant and harmless -LRB- a nice old woman , an ice cream truck -RRB- and making it monstrous . But there 's no surprise or suspense built up . I guess just making a nice old woman drop a few f-bombs is supposed to make my blood run cold.The television show SUPERNATURAL recently had a season that essentially involved angels acting badly . That show , with all its shortcomings of occasionally sketchy acting and low-budget effects , actually made the subject of angels fascinating , interesting and even vaguely logical . If angel-intrigue is something you 're interested in , just watch Season 5 of that show . -LRB- Also , the name of the film makes no sense . In the Bible , `` Legion '' is what a crowd of demons inhabiting a human call themselves . Angels were not involved . -RRB- In the end , LEGION is a movie that had a silly concept that could have been good , clean FUN . Instead , it takes itself far , FAR too seriously ... and ends up being a serious bore . There is no reason to subject yourself to this film .
 Terminator ripoff.Cheap CGI and sporadic storyline - just jumped around too much to make a lot of sense . Bad guy jumping on moving car roof with knife is so old and when your angels have really bad , fake wings - that 's not a good sign from God . Especially , if they also need some armor to withstand the standard issue bullets , knives and spiked clubs . Do n't they have any non-human skills?Disappointing .
 I had hopes for the movie before I found out what it was about.And once it started , it just was an entirely too weak plot to really care about.There were a few good moments , like how the angel used his wings in a fight , but that was really about it.As others said , the core plot point , the baby , seemed almost an afterthought.And let 's face it - if there really is a god , and he really wanted to wipe life off the planet , could some people in a truck stop really stop it ? If god really wanted to do this , why would n't he just do it ? What would the point be in having powerful angels possess mortal bodies so the mortal bodies could be killed so easily rather than having the angels themselves do the deed in their own form which has proven indestructible to mortal efforts?Too many holes , too many places where , even though it was a fantasy story , common sense was just stretched beyond all endurance.Some big names for such a small movie ...
 LEGION attracts the viewer because of the cover of the DVD
 Unfortunately that 's the DVD cover and the reason for the two stars-then the movie starts and you find yourself looking at the DVD cover . Legion is a big jumble , a total mish-mash of Angel mythology , the birth of a new saviour of mankind , and Armaggeddon . But thankfully not the Ben Affleck Armaggeddon -LRB- LOL -RRB- . The plot is hard to decipher but I 'll give it the old college try . Once again , God is ticked off at the wicked ways of the world , and since he already did the flood and the Noah 's Ark thing , he sends his angels to wipe out mankind . The angels led by Gabriel take over the minds of weak minded humans turning the human hosts into bobble-headed , big-mouthed , crab-like wall and ceiling crawling demons . The major battle of Armaggeddon is to be fought at an out of the way greasy spoon diner in the desert run by Dennis Quaid , who looks like he was on quaidludes . -LRB- thanks Jason -RRB- The reason for the diner ? One of the hash-slingers is pregnant with the new messiah and God sends his angels to make sure the child is never born . Huh ??? The last time that happened , Mary and Joseph rode into town on a donkey and stayed in a filthy stable where Mary gave birth to Jesus until they had to skip town when King Herod put out a warrant for the newborn.To continue the movie -- to the rescue of the diners comes the archangel Michael who disagrees with the big boss 's orders and he brings with him enough weaponry to fight the Iraq war . Let 's just talk about Michael played by Paul Bettanny . He has more tattoos then a Hell 's Angel . And I swear I never knew this before that Heaven has tattoo parlors and maybe a Starbucks on the corner of every cloud?I hate this review but I 'm leaving it on . Bottom line-the movie sucks .
 I like freakish films just as much as the next person , but they really need to make some sort of sense . Especially if you 're going to be taking things straight from the Bible and trying to manipulate it to fit ... whatever you want to call LEGION.Fairly new director Scott Charles Stewart goes beyond the grave and into Angel-Land in an attempt to draw Sci-Fi types and Bible-thumpers into what turns out to be a horrible mess in terms of script.Paul Bettany -LRB- not known so much for his lead character slots as his supporting roles ... thinkMaster and Commander -RRB- , does okay with what 's given him , but unfortunately does n't really shine as Michael , the angel who wants to `` give God what he needs , not what he wants . `` Michael -LRB- Bettany -RRB- comes down from the heavens in true Terminator-style , quickly ripping off his wings so that he can fit in with humanity . From here , he heads out into the desert to search for a pregnant woman named Charlie -LRB- Adrianne Palicki -RRB- who carries `` the last hope for humanity . '' Why that is is never really explained . Guess it was just a roll of the dice for poor Charlie . Bummer girl!There are so many throwaway characters that we never really give a rats-rump about any of them , including Dennis Quaid -LRB- Pandorum -RRB- , Tyrese Gibson -LRB- Transformers -RRB- , Kate Walsh -LRB- Grey 's Anatomy -RRB- and Charles S. Dutton -LRB- Fame -RRB- . They all die in rapid succession and I just said , `` Meh . So what . `` Then only actor who actually DID something was Kevin Durand -LRB- 3:10 to Yuma -RRB- as archangel Gabriel who planned to follow Gods word to the letter and wipe-out humanity . But first he has to get by Michael with all of his bad-boy guns ... Wait ... You mean guns can kill angels ? How is that possible ? Never mind . Just let it go . Like everything else . Including anything approaching believability.So with all that said , you might think I absolutely hated LEGION . And that 's probably partially true . The only exception to this would be the special effects which were nicely done , especially the creepy ice cream man who sprouts lengthy arms and legs and crab-walks into a hailstorm of bullets . Oh yes . He dies easily , too.And there you have it . A movie that suffers because of a horrendously bad script , but has a bit of eye-candy in terms of CGI . If that 's all you 're looking for , have at it . But do n't say I did n't warn you .
 A great poster does not a movie make . I love angel movies . But only a few titles have really satisfied . THE BISHOP `` S WIFE with Cary Grant comes to mind . WINGS OF DESIRE certainly connected on a deeper , spiritual level asking what it means to be human . The idea of an angel identified in scripture with a new identity outside of any known theological creed certainly holds possibilities . But alas , LEGION is not a movie that provokes the mind or excites the senses . I like to recommend titles for consideration that are a cut above the norm ; that have something to recommend . But when something so rich in promise , and with a great poster , nosedives , it too must be pointed out as a public service . It pains me to post a movie review here as a warning lest you be tempted into buying or renting.The thing that really bothered me - aside from the notion of never being able to retrieve the lost time of watching this movie - is that the idea of an angel challenging God 's disappointment with humanity is rich with possibilities . But to visualize the archangel Michael and God 's right-hand messenger Gabriel in roles that are bizarrely inane is almost blasphemous.And the other fatal error ? The movie is not remotely frightening , suspenseful , horrific but is instead talky and -- sin of sins -- boring . The latter is the unforgivable sin of movies . I hold the writers Peter Schink and Scott Stewart -LRB- who also directed -RRB- responsible and like to imagine them in movie purgatory bound to an endless screening of this film.The Blu-ray looks nice , but not worth the price for a dud of a film.Armageddon at a roadside stop . A great premise unfulfilled .
 * spoiler alert * Legion was overall a good action movie . You do not have to wait long before the movie gets to the plot . But what I did not like about it is that it plays on your intelligence . I highly doubt if someone would be able to give birth and walk around normally a few hours later .
 Pretty lame actually . If you are over 15 years old , do n't bother . Just bad movie-making , bad script , and even though you have a good actor in it , they must have tossed out the better cuts in favor of the B-Movie takes.The 4.2 is for the CG stuff . But do n't bother .
 The theme that Michael tries to protect mankind against God and Gabriel is great . Pity that everything else sucks . Unless scenes of shooting zombies down can already satisfy you well , you will regret for the time -LRB- and money if you buy this -RRB- on this when stupid stuff comes one after another in it . The only attraction is what you see in the trailer that the old mum 's crawling on the ceiling . Marginally ok for rental , but you still will do a lot of fast forward to finish it .
 Legion -LRB- Scott Stewart , 2010 -RRB- The obvious antecedent for Legion , Scott Stewart 's feature debut , is The Prophecy , Gregory Widen 's much more enjoyable cult hit from fifteen years ago . I would submit , however , that a much more interesting idea for an antecedent is Kaw , a Sci-Fi Channel Original Movie from 2007 directed by Sheldon Wilson , starring Sean Patrick Flanery , one of Hollywood 's most intriguing screen derailments , and Stephen McHattie , one of Canada 's finest acting talents . Flanery , back in the days of Suicide Kings and The Grass Harp , looked like he was really going somewhere . Than came The Boondock Saints , which should have been the movie that catapulted Flanery -LRB- and similarly intriguing costar Norman Reedus -RRB- into the A list . Life was grand for Sean Patrick Flanery in 1999 . And then ... nothing . Flanery has since been involved in some of the worst pieces of celluloid to hit the screen -- The Insatiable , Body Shots , Demon Hunter . And McHattie ? He makes everything he 's in worth watching -LRB- including Kaw -RRB- . It just seems like no one notices.And here we have Legion , and Dennis Quaid paired with Charles S. Dutton , who might as well be Flanery and McHattie respectively . You can even plant Quaid 's turn for the worse in 1999 , though Any Given Sunday -LRB- an underrated film by any measure , Oliver Stone 's best work since The Hand -RRB- was supposed to be Quaid 's comeback , in the same way Boondock Saints was supposed to -LRB- and did -RRB- revitalize the career of Willem Dafoe . With the turn of the millennium , Quaid made Frequency -LRB- painfully mawkish -RRB- and Traffic -LRB- as overrated as Any Given Sunday is underrated -RRB- ; with the exception of Far from Heaven , an aberration in the careers of all involved , Quaid 's output in the naughties has alternated between the hysterical and the horrendous . He appeared in three movies in 2009 , and all three appeared on scattered worst of the year lists -LRB- Horsemen , G. I. Joe , and Pandorum -RRB- . Rightfully so ; they were all dreadful . Dutton , on the other hand , has quietly built himself one of Hollywood 's more impressive resumes , from Menace II Society to American Violet . Yes , he makes a misstep every once in a while -LRB- Secret Window , for example -RRB- , but like McHattie , in general , Dutton is worth watching every time he appears in a movie . Legion is an unfortunate exception to the rule.Legion 's plot has much more in common with Kaw than it does with The Prophecy , as well , in that where Widen used the idea of the war in Heaven coming to Earth as a platform to examine some of religion 's more interesting questions , Stewart is only interested in making a people-trapped-by-something-in-a-diner flick . And I guess if all you want is a people-trapped-by-something-in-a-diner flick , this one delivers the goods -LRB- though Kaw is the better film by a country mile -RRB- . The people in question include the diner 's owner -LRB- Quaid -RRB- and his son -LRB- Lucas Black , older than he was in American Gothic but still playing the same guy -RRB- ; the fry cook -LRB- Dutton -RRB- and waitress -LRB- Adrianne Palicki from TV 's Friday Night Lights -RRB- , the latter of whom is pregnant ; a family whose car broke down on the road -LRB- all three also TV actors -- The Closer 's Jon Tenney , Grey 's Anatomy 's Kate Walsh , and The O. C. 's Willa Holland -RRB- ; and a Las Vegan -LRB- Tyrese Gibson from the Transformers franchise -RRB- who stopped in for a pack of smokes at the wrong time . They are joined first by a nice old lady named Gladys -LRB- Norbit 's Jeannette Miller , the only good thing about the movie -RRB- who turns into a flesh-eating monster , and then a guy who claims to be the archangel Michael -LRB- Inkheart 's Paul Bettany -RRB- , who aims to save the waitress from a host of angels who are coming to kill her baby . Well , not angels really , but normal folks who have been possessed by angels and turned into zombies . Or something . In any case , everyone 's trying to survive long enough to get this kid born , because the kid is the saviour of all humanity.At least , I think that 's how it goes . Not that it really matters ; five minutes after you finish watching this movie , you will have safely forgotten pretty much everything about it . Bettany is as wooden as they get . Quaid turns in his usual post-Far from Heaven performance . Dutton is , as usual , worth watching , but there 's not nearly enough of him , and Miller 's part lasts all of two or three wonderful minutes . Would that the rest of the movie were anything like it.Stewart is currently filming an adaptation of Min-woo Hyung 's Priest with Bettany in the role of Ivan Isaacs . I am terrified at the thought .
 This movie looks like it was made in 2 weeks and it is basically shot at one location.Movie is predictable and boring.I went to this at the movie theather and almost walked out it was so bad.Dont pay full price for this terrible movie , it has poor acting and even its CGI is poor .
 Legion , let 's see , I wonder how The Jewish People , Nay Islam would feel if Moses or Muhammed would drop down -LRB- Spoiler Coming -RRB- to earth because God sent them to destroy God Himself ? Does it make sense at all ? Why does Hollywood do that ? I wonder if Atheists would be offended if Any of their `` leading '' scholars would be a character coming to end the world ? all these what if 's , which is what the movie is , Nevermind the quote at the start from the KJV -LRB- read Protestant -RRB- Bible , the playing on people 's fear of the `` rapture '' etcera , all has been done ad-nauseum . Throw in St.Michael The Archangel disobeying God and Gabriel sent as an `` Enforcer '' and you have something Michael Bay would probably be proud of , albeit with some improbable even for Hollywood standard 's plot.Now That 's Craptastic Entertainment!Theologically Absurd , You do have at least what can be described as some sort of `` Pro-life '' message in there , other than that and the Funny Cursing Granny one HORRIBLE bore of a movie , Think Zombies meeting a Vengeful God .
 Im a sucker for horror and epic movies , so when I first saw the trailer of Legion , I was instantly interested . After watching it though , well , it fell short on both accounts . It got some pretty good effects , but thats about it . The overall story is just the opposite of epic , and seems like a bad rip-off of `` Tales from the Crypt
 Sometimes , movies just need a bigger budget , and that 's all there is to it . Working with anything under the triple digits is like scrapping for pennies if you 're a director committed to an action flick . Therefore , to see a movie with the ambition and scale of `` Legion '' attempt to work under the restrain of a $ 23 million budget is painfully difficult to bear ; it just ca n't all work from a financial perspective.But it does try - commendably so - to keep things clicking , and the thrills , albeit restrained , are present . That said , `` Legion '' is a film that never entirely shows its full potential , for some reason or other . Admittedly , themes concepts of this grandeur would be difficult to tackle for any director , rookie or otherwise , but I give Stewart the benefit of the doubt when I come to the conclusion that `` Legion '' 's reach simply exceeds its grasp.Really , though , you 'd be hard-pressed to find someone better for the lofty role of Heaven 's general than Paul Bettany . Ever a man eager for his first leading role -LRB- and he certainly deserves it -RRB- Bettany is consistently intriguing , and his feuds with his rival brother-angel -LRB- played by Kevin Durand -RRB- are the high points of the film . Kate Walsh is another striker here as the struggling mother of a rebellious teenager and the wife of the film 's first victim.But where execution occasionally prevails , creativity is largely absent . The theoretical stakes presumably make the film itself a candy store of possibilities - it 's the benefit of working with a risky premise . Sadly , none of it really comes to fruition , and we 're ultimately left with another zombie movie with angles thrown into the mix.You 're not going to find anything worth cheering over , or even discussing , in `` Legion '' . The action is surprisingly skimpy , the performances are mixed , and the effects are merely satisfactory . However , for all of its faults , it does do some things that we have n't quite seen before , and I 'm always willing to pay cash for a UFC angel brawl .
 The trailers told me this movie was mesmerizing and stylish . Normally , these are empty review words used to describe a bad movie . The movie is definitely stylish ; there are good actors in it ; and there are some good scenes , but the lame plot and plot twists simply cripples the movie . If you can get around a plot with more holes in it than ... . If you can ignore the childish ploys -LRB- i.e. Do n't open that door !! -RRB- ... then you might like it . That 's a lot of ifs to put up with.If this style and subject of movies suits you , then be sure to see The Prophecy with Christopher Walken . That movie covers the same ground with fallen angels and stylish mayhem and gore but it also explains what is going on and within the scope of the movie , it is reasonably consistent . It 's also a lot of fun and Walken steals the scenes as one bad ass angel .
 I am giving this movie two stars after watching it four times on DVD , and then I 've gone ahead and pushed the button to buy the damned thing off Amazon . Why ? The same reason I burned through 3 VHS tapes each of Rocky Horror Picture Show and Army of Darkness . Despite all of it 's campy awfulness , I must confess that I have a real soft spot for campy awful cult films with beautiful little golden nuggets of goodness that you 're just not finding these days in the big-budget blockbusters.The problem with this movie is they took a less-than B-grade horror script with B-grade special effects and , because the premise of God getting angry enough to exterminate mankind , a second coming , and the two archangels is so darned interesting , lured a few passably decent actors in between other jobs for low pay to come and actually ACT in this plot-hole ridden flick . Because the actors had real talent and no real script , not to mention low pay , they each got their little five minute cameos to develop their own characters and , I 'll - be-darned , I actually began to CARE about these characters . You know when an actor is self-scripting to fill in for a lousy script and , well , these ones did . Rotten tomatoes and the critics griped about all the ' 5-minute-cameos ' , but it was my second-favorite part of the movie.My favorite part ... the reason I 'm buying this movie despite the low rating ... is once Gabriel arrives , the tension between the two archangels , the defiant one , and the obedient one , is simply breathtaking -LRB- spoiler alert -RRB- . Michael is so earnest in his desire to salvage humanity despite it 's defects , while Gabriel is so contemptuous and clueless , it just makes the movie watchable simply to watch these to fight and the big dumb lug Gabriel cry as he watches the brother he just stabbed die . A single perfect tear . And then the end ... I wo n't spoil it for you ... but the ending was so open you could just go write your own script for Legion II to pick things up from there as one reviewer here suggested.Which , actually , is what an awful lot of people have done . It 's called Fan fiction and there 's a whole community of godawful-campy-movie lovers who just love to pick apart movies that had so much potential such as this one did , analyze the scenes , and then rewrite it.This is the movie that ` could have been . ' It whets an appetite moviegoers are desperately hungry to satiate , and then never quite gets there . Angels with glossy black wings and black leather armor . Oooh ! Personally , I wish they 'd skipped the spider-thingys and just let the actors act out the characters they 'd developed on their own . A disappointment ... like mankind itself I suppose .
 ... OK For The 6th . Grade Comic Book Reader . . -LRB- Do Kids Still Read Comics ? -RRB- . . For Adults , It 's Insulting & Moronic . . ! ... A REEL STINKER . . !
 The beginning of this movie reaches its climax and then goes downhill all the way .
 This movie was watchable , but not very entertaining . Why did angels need to posses people when Micheal and Gabriel were clearly corporeal in the movie ? Since when does God ever change His mind ? What did the baby have to do with anything ? They were all after the baby , yet Michael said that God was exterminating the human race . He said the baby was the last hope , yet the baby played really no part at all in the end-game . This movie did n't seam like a good what-if plot at all because it was n't well thought out or even well written . With that cast , the writer and director could have made a block buster movie , but instead , the writer chose to release nonsense .
 This movie has been popping up in Netflix for the last couple months and I kept thinking `` this movie looks awesome ! '' The cover has everything you could want
 I purchased it because I wanted it either for my self or a friend or a family member . I graded it with the number of stars I thought it deserved from my view point and that is all I 'm willing to do . You are wadting my time and yours asking for more than that .
 A pregnant waitress who thinks she is a screw-up but is carrying in her womb the unborn savior of humanity . She has one lone protector against an ultimately powerful enemy that he has no chance of defeating.Sound familiar ? The writer of this film just took Terminator , scratched out the words `` Terminators '' and `` Skynet '' and just wrote in `` Angels '' and `` God . `` Then in the end we have our heroes fleeing in a stolen police car while their attacker is trying to climb up the back of the car and through the back window while using his hands like they claws all while the person who is driving is shooting backwards at the attacker . I suppose we had to get a few T2 references in there while we were at it . The movie ends with our heroes driving off into the desert after an ominous voice-over is given . Back to the first Terminator for the ending I guess.Plus , did we really need to see `` Spider-granny ? '' Was that supposed to scare me or invoke fear ? Cuz all I did during that fight scene was laugh my ass off.I will say that the visual effects on the angels were good and the fight scenes were cool , but that was about it . No real reason to see this movie over any others that you may see sitting on the shelf of the rental store . Two stars is all this deserves .
 In the DVD bonus materials , Paul Bettany says he had a blast getting to be an action hero , what with the roles ' requirements of kicking butt , playing with weapons , and flipping around doing stunts . It would 've been great if any part of that little-boy glee had made it to the screen . Instead , this is a zombie movie weighed down by its shallow religious theme , and there are no moments of lightness for balance . The low-brow cheap fun of seeing the undead taken out by innocent live folks who are trapped and out-numbered is missing . Obviously , angels are just kill-joys .
 Aside from the special effects in the first five minutes of this movie , there is absolutely nothing good about this movie .
 The upside down cross was the last straw . In order to watch any part of this movie , we are asked to except the premise that `` angels '' are the murderous villains . Far be it from me to do such a thing . My sensibilities were so offended by this movie that I was driven to write this review for you so that , perhaps , you may not make the same mistake that I did . I had no idea how far they would take it . It 's shameful .
 I so wanted to like this movie . It falls under the slogan `` Do n't judge a movie by it 's poster '' . The movie has the audacity to be , well frankly ... boring.Synopsis
 This movie is what you get when a bunch of God-forsaken atheists come together to try to make a quick buck out of the subject matter . The title and the theme of the movie have a lot of potential as a serious matter to be pondered over , but the movie turns out nothing short of blasphemy . Production notes in the DVD do n't disclose the reasons and intentions of the script-writers , director and producer , all of whom leave us guessing as to why they made this movie . You derive `` entertainment '' out of insulting God and the angels?The story line is mocks and insults the Christian Faith , especially since it brings up the subject of angels Michael and Gabriel . In a parody of the Incarnation , this movie insults everything from Jesus and his mother and the angels themselves . One may dismiss the the correlation of the Gospel Story if the angels were not introduced in the plot . But , no , they had to play a major part in the movie . Instead of messengers of good news , they 're portrayed as destroyers of the human species . The title of the movie mimics the cry of the demoniac as he was healed by Jesus in the Gospels , thus linking this movie as a parody of the Gospel message . In this movie , the angels are portrayed as the bad guys . Angels Michael and Gabriel are seen as also jostling for power to please God -LRB- to paraphrase Michael in this movie as he says to Gabriel
 The movie was incredibly disappointing.This is the kind of movie that if you understand only a little about the Christian religion and you have a mistaken view of God , you might think it 's a cool movie ... if you also like lame plots , non-sensical twists , stereotypical characters , and protagonists that you hope will lose because you dislike all but one quality about each of them . In my opinion , there was only one likable character in the whole movie , and his role in the movie inclined me to hate him.If , on the other hand , you are well-informed about the Christian religion , its portrayal of the nature of God -LRB- and angels -RRB- is overwhelmingly blasphemous and offensive . * slight spoiler ahead * Perhaps the writers sat down and thought `` Well , if we make it about something cool like angels and we only mention God occasionally , people will forgive us for all of the religious problems and only spending 5 minutes on each character because we threw in half a dozen scenes of people mowing other people down with automatic weapons . ''
 This has got to be one of the crappiest films i have ever seen or heard !!
 This movie , in terms of story-line and imagery , resembles both Terminator and Night Of The Living Dead . Terminator in that at one point , early in the movie , Michael emerges from a firey hole blown in the side of a building . Night Of The Living Dead in that when rank and file angels come to Earth , instead of having their own bodies , they posses humans . Once they posses a human , they kill other humans by bitting them to death , they also disjoint their bodies so that they resemble giant spiders.I 'm sorry , but I have probelms with any movie , that is based around the fact that God deos n't like humans any more . This movie was just badly written from start to end . For instance , it is never explained why rank and file angels posses people , while archangels , like Michael and Gabrelle , have their own bodies . It is also never explained by why angels disjoint the bodies they posses.You should watch this movie knowing one thing , its a Zombie movie , plain and simple . A zombie movie that thinks its more than what it really is . If you want to watch a good movie that involves rebelious angels , I recommend The Prophecy .
 I like the supernatural genre of movies and given it 's October , I 've been having a supernatural movie marathon . `` Legion '' is one I should have passed on , a pity since it has Paul Bettany in it , a credible actor who should not have been in this . The story centers around the premise that God has lost faith in humanity and has sent an army of his angels to Earth to destroy mankind . Two of his leading angels , i.e. Michael and Gabriel end up on opposing sides . Gabriel -LRB- Kevin Durand -RRB- is portrayed as God 's loyal henchangel , who is determined to see that God 's will be done . Michael -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- on the other hand believes that humans deserve a chance , and decides to protect a pregnant waitress who is carrying the savior of mankind.So , an ` epic ' battle begins , with the angels possessing the weak and evil and using the bodies to wreak havoc on Earth . Meanwhile the waitress is holed up in a desert diner with a couple of customers and some workers , including her boyfriend Jeep -LRB- Lucas Black -RRB- , and Bob -LRB- Dennis Quaid , what is it with him and bad horror lately ? He was also in the abominableHorsemen -RRB- . The angels descend on the diner and all hell literally breaks loose.The only highlight in this otherwise weak offering is the battle between Archangel Michael and Gabriel . Otherwise , the effects are really not that spectacular , unless you think watching an old woman bare her pointy teeth and rip out a man 's throat and then proceed to crawl up a wall , interesting . To be fair Bettany does an adequate job with his role , despite its limitations . The dialogue veers between utter silliness and some attempts at pseudo philosophy/theology that never really work . Final verdict - a waste of time . I 'd rather go re-watch Demi Moore decide whether she should ` save ' mankind inThe Seventh Sign
 While many will find this film to be a story about the post apocaliptic world , I would this film to be a movie about free will . Premise is that God is angry on mankind for being foolish , greedy , selfish and disobedient and decides to let his angels take car of the mankind . One of the angels who happens to be general of the army -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- decides to rebel agains extermination of the mankind and help them survive . And based on this premise , the story begins.The most exciting part of the film to me was a battle between two angels - Michael and Gabriel . Michael is the rebelious one and Gabriel is the obedient angel to God . At one point , as they are battling out their ideals in order to satisfy God 's love Michael tells Gabriel
 This film is nothing more than another `` zombie kill film '' . The writers thought that they would be clever and could squeeze some uniqueness by poaching off the Bible . Although the names are taken from the Bible , everything else seems to be coming from the pit of hell.The cast appears to be quite impressive , and the acting is good . But there is only so much that can be done with a bad script . The plot centers on this pregnant girl whose child must be killed , and why , nobody knows . They just needed something to attact the zombies I guess.To add insult to injury , the ` angels ' need to use our carnal weapons , and are quite wimpy . There are some mediocre sound and special effects , but nothing to get overly excited about . In conclusion when watching this movie you feel that you are eating left overs from last month .
 not much to it . very far fetched . so , you would think they would go with that . by trying to keep it `` real `` it did n't work . some good effects , but not worth the time .
 I understand that with a movie of this nature , where the good vs evil dynamic will come into question ; as it converges upon those who must have faith regardless of which side they stand on , that the characters are n't going to be very developed and the story might have a few holes . The majority of them are expendable , hardly likable , easily will-broken or insane , etc. . . The ones that are more pivotal are still -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- not very likable . The location is depressing and desolate . I 'm not exactly backing the baby will save the world scenario in this particular movie either . You wan na see it done better , see The Seventh Sign . The plot is simple
 Thankfully I saw this at a free Preview , and I kept wanting it to be so much better . It has a couple -LRB- that 's 2 -RRB- interesting attacks/special effects scenes but everything in between seems almost like another made for TV filler episode . I suggest you just watch Constantine or the Prophecy , they are much better .
 This is an avoid at all costs . Dennis Quaid had to be unemployed at the time . One of the reasons why I bought this disk.Plot goes nowhere , guns everywhere , No hero , no nothing .
 Went into the theater to see this with low expectations . Sadly , I was still disappointed . Bad , confusing plot , and story line . Sub par acting and so-so special effects . It could of been a good movie with the story line but it was not.I would n't recommend you wasting your time on this .
 I 'm not sure at which point this movie begins its silly descent into pseudo-theology and New Age hectoring , but there is little doubt it reaches its crescendo at the climax as two angels square off on each other after many mystifying scenes.A renegade angel plummets to earth in the first scene . He 's going off the rez and kicking butt , cutting off his wings and arming himself with some awesome automatic weapons -LRB- considering how effective those bullet-proof wings are by another angel later in the film , he should 've reconsidered that painful procedure -RRB- . Why is he doing this ? Because God has lost faith in mankind and He 's looking to wipe them out again ... unless a child is born near a remote diner in the middle of nowhere . And this angel has to protect that child currently gestating in a tough , cynical white trash waitress who smokes during her pregnancy.Now if you can figure out what the & * # $ is going on in this movie -- if you even TRY to figure out what is going on in this movie -- you will be a hundred times smarter than the guys who wrote it . Because it 's obvious they do n't know . I 'm sure they can tell you what happens , but I have no doubt that they could n't tell you why ... except for their lame New Age message at the end.God values mercy over rules -- even at the expense of his holiness . We kind of suspect His long-suffering mercy over the whole Jesus thing -LRB- who 's never mentioned in this film unless it 's blasphemy -RRB- ... but LEGION is here to take that sentiment and turn it into a mind-numbing piece of CGI goofiness . So ... God sent those demons ? Wait ... the heavily-armed renegade angel defeats the angel sent by God because God deceived one of them ? Who is on what 's side ??? Welcome to Hollywood logic . These guys probably never went to one Sunday School class in their childhoods.But , hey , that ice cream guy looked cool ! Until they blew him away ! BAM !!! SCORE !!!!
 LEGION begins with a young girl explaining how her mother 's belief in God evolved over time . Before her divorce , the mother believed in a loving and forgiving God -LRB- we can assume the one who gave the world Jesus -RRB- . After her husband left , though , the mother spent more time talking about the God of the Old Testament , the fire-and-brimstone , flood the earth , look-at-me-the-wrong-way-and-I 'll - turn-you-to-a-pillar-of-salt God . The mom could n't explain the change , other than to guess that maybe God just got tired of all the ... um ... cow feces . I smiled when I heard this , because it sounded like a joke to me , but the resulting movie actually takes it pretty seriously.Because God is angry again . Humanity has let him down for the last time , and he 's not only turned his back on everyone , he 's also unleashed the hordes of heaven to possess the weak who will then prey on the strong , mad cow-style . Oh , wait , not only that , but he 's ordered his best gun -- the archangel Michael , played with thundering quietude by Paul Bettany -- to personally kill the unborn child of Charlie , a beautiful short order cook at a diner called Paradise Falls -LRB- a play on words that continued to assure me that the film was half-kidding -RRB- . This diner is stuck way out in the middle of Nevada , nowhere near any falls , and the forces of evil -- wait , I mean , misapplied good -- begin to converge there and terrorize the diner 's employees and its handful of customers.Lucky them , Michael thinks God has burned one too many bushes , and he decides to protect the child . Thus we have our movie . A showdown between someone defying the very embodiment of morality in an act of ... morality . Depending on what you think of the concept of God , you might find this movie baffling or highly insulting . They say God works in mysterious ways , but this movie adds a horrendous petulance to God 's mystery . He has thousands of angels surround the diner , but they mostly run around and get shot , and then everyone rests for about fifteen minutes . Michael hints at some vague rules , but they are as clear as the unborn child 's status as Man 's Last Hope . What 's clear ? It only takes about four people with automatic weapons to hold off the hordes of heaven . Turns out the Bible might have exagerrated all that.The only time the movie has any juice is when Gabriel -- God 's Golden Boy -- comes down to personally take care of the child . He does a very poor job , as you can imagine , but it does provide the opportunity to watch some much needed action as the two do battle and discuss what 's best for God . `` You 're giving God what he wants , '' Michael says -LRB- chin kick ! wing slice ! -RRB- . `` But I 'm giving him what he needs ! '' Close your eyes , and you can almost imagine that it 's a well-exercised gay couple arguing about how to raise their child . Or maybe I 've been watching too much MODERN FAMILY these days.The point being
 I do n't know if the directors were shooting for cornball campiness to any degree , but there are scenes so goofy , they hint at a sort of over the top campy silliness ala Lake Placid , but not NEARLY as spectacularly brilliant as that movie was . Too bad , the weak story just does not have much gravitas . The ending is a letdown and rather boring . It moves along at awkward pace , and the trailer is more exciting than the whole flick by far . They never explained WHY a pregnant girl in the boondocks , USA is carrying the savior of humanity either LOL . Some of the special effects were cool , but that 's about the extent of goodness going on in this stinker of a moive .
 Is there somebody you really do n't like , want to torture perhaps ? Give them a ticket to see this movie , or a copy of the forthcoming DVD -LRB- which in this case stands for Dreadful , Very Dreadful -RRB- . Take 5 % Prophecy , 75 % Night of the Living Dead , 20 % Bad LSD , stir well with pitiful writing , and VOILA ! You have Legion.The old lady in the diner scene might have been lifted from IT , the rest of the movie was lifted from something that rhymes with IT . Whoever really wrote this garbage should be assigned to the ninth circle of the inferno . The big guy does n't like us anymore ? No wonder , he 's got an English accent in this movie , as do his angels . Perhaps they are still sulking about the revolutionary war . Do n't watch this drivel .
 Terminator meets Day of the Dead meets From Dusk Til Dawn . If these are angels attacking , why are they so demonic and why do they kill people in horrible ways ? Why is the unborn baby so important?Plus let 's address all the blatant feminism
 Do n't you just love these intelligent movies with award winning scripts that take place in the middle of nowhere , USA ? This is one of them . It 's a shame that Dennis Quaid and Nicolas Cage , among others , shoot every movie they can get their hands on.This hilarious movie is just another end-of-the-world scenario with a judgment-day twist and , of course , the ultimate good vs. evil battle . It , yet again , takes place in a shithole in a desert in Nowhere , USA . Believe it or not but the extremely intelligent plot says that a dumb waitress in a diner carries the child that can save humanity ! If the child dies , humanity will go extinct . AMAZING ! Who came up with that ?? Give the man an Oscar !! The movie is filled with plot holes , some of the worst dialogues in movie history , wooden characters and cheesy effects . Oh , and there is a little bit of action ! Ah yes , and a funny scene where one of the main charactes gets his back covered in acid stuff and he dies without expressing any pain or fear . Brilliant ! What a tough guy he was!This movie might frighten small children , but teenagers and adults should keep their money and spend it on something else . It is not worth it . You will find yourself fast-forwarding half the movie just to reach the silly end of it .
 Wow , can you say college project ? This script read like something a kid would write in college . It played out in a very predictable way with gaps in the story likely due to a lack of budget . Do n't waste your time . I had such high hopes .
 If you saw the trailer . . then you saw the best this movie had to offer . Which makes me angry , because the trailer was sooooo good ! Great idea but it is wasted on the slow , and dull flick , and it is a waste of good actors . The only good thing I can say is that everybody got paid . I wish I would have rented this instead of buying it ! Heed my warning !
 This is a really , really bad movie . So bad , I did n't finish the last 30 or so minutes , out of a migraine only a movie like this could bring . Out of all my reviews , I 've only rated two movies . One because I loved it , and this one because I had high hopes for it ... but ended up hating it . I mean , come on . God is ticked off at humanity -LRB- as if he/she/it did n't already know the depths of stupidity we 're all capable of -RRB- , so he -LRB- just to make it simple -RRB- decides to send his angels down to inhabit people who drive up in old muscle cars and will quickly remind you of the apocalyptic anarchist types from the 80 's films . Unfortunately , God is handicapped by the excruciatingly slow zombie-like humans , where you can just imagine the all-powerful upstairs screaming , `` go man , GO !!! '' This pile of nonsense utilizes the same dumb effects you 'll see in any post-2000 B-horror film and the dialogue makes you want to poke both eardrums out . The only scary part to this film is the one you 've already seen in the commercials , and even then you wish the old lady would keep her mouth shut , since the only frightening part comes from her sporadic movements around the cafe . There is an enormous , and I mean ENORMOUS problem with this scene when you finally find out what the purpose of her -LRB- the old lady -RRB- being there was , but I wo n't `` spoil '' it for you , if that 's even possible . I 'm one of those people who believes no on on earth has a single clue about what God is and believe we 're incapable of trying to understand something like that with our puny brains , but I 've got to believe that a God would never allow any physical being to do anything he/she/it would not want it to do . That makes making any movie where a physical being attempt to rise up against such a powerful force , a little ridiculous . I hope someone finds a clever way to do this . This is a straight-to-dvd that accidentally got sent to the theaters . I 'm sorry to everyone who lost their money . And if God is up there speed-reading this review , I just want to apologize . We can do better .
 THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS.I do n't know why I watched the whole thing . It was bad all the way through . There was n't really a proper story arc
 Save your money . I read the reviews posted so I rented it for a dollar at a vending machine . Filmed in a desolate rundown truck stop in the desert . Reporting for duty is Dennis Quaid . Ca n't this man just takes his spoils and retire ? Maybe , a sequel to Tough Enough -LRB- 1983 -RRB- is in the works . The old lady eating the raw meat was the highlight which is worth a quick peek .
 It 's telling that the marketers of `` Legion '' felt the need to flat-out lie to sell this movie . Here is a quote from the DVD jacket
 I do n't even know where to begin with this review . From the very beginning the cliches started . God bad , guns bad , sluts good , gangster good , ghetto fabulous down on his luck attractive good , pro abortion but having the child anyway good . And that 's just for starters . The interpretation of the Bible looks like a connect the dots in this movie . In fact , I really do n't want to give this movie review much of my time it was that bad . I want to sue for my 2 hours .
 This is undoubtedly the worse movie I 've ever seen . Even the few good actors involved
 I mean sorry as in , I 'm sorry I wasted my time watching this movie . It turns out to be a zombie movie with a couple Archangels who tote a gun , bullets and a mace . wth ? They have no supernatural abilities worth talking about . Then the characters die off one by one . Kinda reminded me of how the Friday 13th movies do that elimination thing . They threw in some `` targeted baby wanted for a sacrifice '' kinda stuff . I was totally unimpressed .
 This is an extremely lousy movie . It has no storyline , no plot and zero acting.You 're wasting your time even reading reviews of this movie ... move on , get a better movie .
 I 've always thought angels are actually pretty terrifying . Evil is something we all think we know pretty well , but a creature of pure good is really quite intimidating . Angels are n't just jp ; u ; in the case of archangels , they are warriors too , capable of laying waste to entire cities . You do n't mess with an angel.So Legion 's premise seems like a great idea for a movie . It the eve of the apocalypse and God has given an order to wipe out humanity . Fortunately , humanity 's salvation lies in the unborn child of waitress Charlie -LRB- Adrianne Palicki -RRB- . She works for Bob Hanson -LRB- Dennis Quaid , harrumphing his way through the script -RRB- , and is followed around by Bob 's son Jeep -LRB- Lucas Black -RRB- . Populating this diner on the edge of the Mojave Desert is short-order cook Percy -LRB- Charles S. Dutton -RRB- , bickering couple Howard -LRB- Jon Tenney -RRB- and Sandra -LRB- Kate Walsh -RRB- Anderson , their loose daughter Audrey -LRB- Willa Holland -RRB- , and `` urban '' Kyle -LRB- Tyrese Gibson -RRB- . These characters are all stereotypes ; the rich squabbling couple , the desperate-for-attention teenager , the grumpy old-timer , the lovesick kid ... but the most reprehensible is Kyle , a foul-mouthed thug trying to redeem himself who -LRB- of course -RRB- carries a gun . Kyle 's presence is forced , like he was inserted into the film to make it feel modern.All these folks are there to die . The real protagonist is archangel Michael -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- , who is such a rebel that he disobeys God 's orders and cuts off his wings . After retrieving some firepower he holes up in the diner to defend the child . The first attack , which has been heavily hyped in trailers , is an Evil Dead homage , complete with sweet grandmas threatening to swallow souls . From there on out , Legion becomes a zombie movie , as hordes of possessed humans throw themselves at the diner.Legion is n't very deep . If you cut off an angel 's wings , he 's pretty much a guy with some wounds on his back . In other words , despite being about angels , Legion is n't particularly angelic.It 's not until the third act that we get some real angel-on-angel action . Gabriel -LRB- Kevin Durand -RRB- arrives with his spinning mace of doom and we get some real angel action , complete with a form of `` angel fu '' that has to be seen to be believed . You get the sense Legion was supposed to be filled with angel battles like this but they could n't afford the budget.Throughout Legion there are hints that the world is falling apart . But because the diner is so isolated , the end of the world is never effectively conveyed . This is a movie about world spanning events , but where it should be epic Legion feels oddly claustrophobic.Legion is the opening chapter in a new bible of the apocalypse , but with the violence turned up to eleven and all the preachy parts cut out . It shamelessly uses traditional religious icons as action heroes , but does n't have much more to offer than that .
 In my opinion : Plot was laughably stupid . Why would angels be so evil and twisted and kill people ? So an angel possesses an old lady , and then the angel wants raw meat and uses obscenities ? It does n't make sense.Again , there is the overused idea of having someone in the group go insane and work against the rest of the main characters.Very long moments of slow dialogue . Little action . Enemy angels are a joke . Ending was terrible .
 Really like Paul Bettany . Did NOT like that the Trailer showed ALL the best scenes ! Total ripoff . Zombie like creatures ? This is a wan na be 28 days later only with the most lame `` zombified '' things i 've yet seen . -1 stars .
 I know Ive seen this movie before . Its like a combo of many Steven King movies , The Grudge , and Dogma . If they didnt use the creepiest scenes in the previews they would have been , well , creepy . Instead it was just boring .
 Wow this movie was disappointing.As others have stated , the best part of the movie was the preview . It was boring , confusing , not really that scary or suspenseful , and at some times laughable.And the `` main line '' of the movie , -LRB- the line about the woman and her grandma -RRB- which I think the writers thought would be memorable , was a joke .2012 , Boondock Saints 2 , now this . What happened to good movies?BTW , if you want to see a GOOD scary , suspenseful movie , check out The Descent Part 2 .
 I was surprised I stayed awake for so long it was so boring . I noticed it was boring by how long some of the characters were talking . I was so happy when some action would come in . I think it was stupid and did n't have any meaning to it . I know they explained that the things were posessed but , what were they . Like how did they look . An angels in heavy armor and the wings were so fake . Do n't waste your time . I just hope that the next one will be better . I know there is going to be a next one . I just hope it 's not a waist of time .
 There 's no story . Dialogue is unbelievable or hokey . Action scenes are bravado and lame . And , the content is obviously biblically wrong
 AND THATS EXACTLY WHAT THIS MOVIE WAS !!!! WHO EVER GAVE THIS 2 STARS AND ABOVE MUST HAVE NEVER SEEN THE PROPHECY A GOOD MOVIE ABOUT THE END OF THE WORLD WITH ANGELS.I FEEL LIKE I JUST LOST 100 MIN OF MY LIFE JUST BY WATCHING THIS FLIK .
 Scope
 I saw this movie the first day it opened in theaters this movie is god awful , although that phase is ironic considering the theme of the movie . I have n't been this bored in a movie theater I wanted to walk out , but stayed to the end a small part hoped that somehow the direction of this movie would take a turn for the better . It did n't . The most action that was in the movie was pretty much shown during the previews run on television or on the internet . This movie had so many cliches it was unreal . There was the happy cheesy ending ... -LRB- spoiler alert -RRB- everything that was foreshadowed during the whole movie was pretty much all for nothing . One of the main characters was pretty much the classic loser with undying love for the beautiful girl , but she doesnt notice him . Everything he had ever known his whole life -LRB- family , friends , work -RRB- were all destroyed but it was portrayed that he did n't care because he got to be with the pretty girl and her baby who he 's not even the father of -LRB- irrelevant -RRB- , and they 're going to journey across the world with no money , a few guns , and his new added confidence -LRB- even though in the beginning of the movie he couldnt even shoot an demonic old lady who was about to rip his face off . Sweet boy but not someone you would want with you as back up . The movie was n't even really about saving a baby it was just supposed to be a traumatic way for the pretty girl to realize that she can be anything or some other bs point they were trying to make .
 Pastor Joe Schimmel gave an very enligtening expository critique of this film in the documentary , `` Hollywood Industry 's `` War Against God . '' '' If you get a chance to see this , e.g. Youtube , the expose is worth watching than this film .
 I feel the reviews here are too generous . The movie is horrible in every aspect .
 After a terrific start Legion whimpers down to just another zombie film , I honestly think they just did n't have the budget for a full scale war from Heaven and a pity too , this could have been so good.Another nice try but no cigar .
 Others have already summarized the plot so here are some thoughts-there are some spoilers-especially the last sentence about the ending . There are some cool scenes and special effects in this movie which make it worth watching-once . When Gabriel and Michael fight it is overall pretty unique take on the angels wings -LRB- they are armored and like swords -RRB- . Some of the scenes of the possessed who come to get the chosen baby are freakish and a little scary , the kid who looks like Chuckie is particularly disturbing . The actors/actresses are pretty good and most are easily recognizable . Overall , this is an enjoyable movie as long as you are willing to overlook some glaring deficits in story and logic . While it is a little unique to have God 's angels be soldiers who have literal `` collars '' the story does n't make a lot of sense . If there was some really old prophesy about the promiscuous girl and her baby who will save humanity why did God even let the mom be born ? If he was busy and the mom was born and got pregnant with the chosen baby why did n't he send a couple of angels to the adoption agency posing as upstanding prospective parents looking to adopt -LRB- she was giving the baby up -RRB- ? Once the baby was in their hands they could do whatever they wanted . God sends a plague of flies but only briefly , why not send more or something else with a little more bite ? Why not just send a tornado or some other natural disaster ? Or , why not send a meteor -LRB- it worked on the dinosaurs-I wonder what they did to get God to lose faith in them -RRB- ? There is a half hour in the middle of the movie when all the possessed disappear for no apparent reason , giving time for all of the characters to pontificate about their childhood and lessons from their parents , this part seems random and unbelievable . We never see God just his black dressed and black winged Angels-they are portrayed as mindless soldiers except for Michael-and they are portrayed more like our concept of angels of darkness -LRB- they can possess people and turn their teeth into daggers , walk on walls , kill babies , eat raw steak with flies all over it , cuss a lot etc -RRB- . The ending is silly . They show the happy couple and baby in a car driving with an arsenal in the back . So , did God get in touch with his loving feelings again and recall the possessing angels or not ? They look happy driving in a car with enough guns to supply a platoon or two .
 I really wanted to like this.I was hoping for another fun theological horror film along the lines of `` The Prophecy '' or `` Warlock '' . `` Legion '' is n't close , actually it 's basically a bunch of horror cliches packaged together with an above average cast.Let 's go through this paint by numbers flick :1 . It seems it 's the end of the world -LRB- again -RRB- 2 . The only thing standing between mankind and oblivion is a rag-tag group of people .3 . The people are trapped in a roadside diner .4 . Possessed people talk in strange voices and have black eyeballs5 . An unlikely hero emerges6 . Throw in a twist endingWhile there are some decent visuals sprinkled throughout the movie , the story is just so tired , if you are a horror fan , you 've seen all of this before , and done in a much better way . `` Legion '' does n't even fall into the so-bad-it 's - good catagory , it 's just boring.Pass this one up and re-watch `` Prophecy '' with Christopher Walken .
 My title sums it up . I wanted to like this film , angels , great effects , violence and only a thread of a plot , normally I do like movies that are heavy on the action even if they only have the bare wish of a plot . This one ? I kept feeling like I 'd seen this story before , it had wings and angels instead of cyborg assassins from a distant future . God instead of a computer program trying to stop the resistance from happening , but at the end , it was Terminator with wings . And not done nearly as well . With the mythology to draw on , with the possible conflict available , it failed to live up to it 's effects.The effects were good , but instead of being as creepy as it could have been , it was just gross in parts . The caricatured charactures kept it from ever becoming the scary look at a possible apocalypse it could have been . It just never seemed to quite make it clearly into one genre or another , and failed at all of them .
 I love movies with religious mumbo-jumbo -LRB- Constantine , End of Days , Devil 's Advocate ... love 'em ! -RRB- , and I have a high tolerance for bad and/or campy movies . Furthermore , I scare easily . So I thought Legion would be right up my alley . And I really enjoyed about three-fourths of it . Even fourth-fifths . Seventh-eights . Whatever . But the movie fizzled at the end . It wrapped up quickly and too neatly while also suggesting a sequel -LRB- which I assume has a snowball 's chance in hell of getting made -RRB- . Legion did n't have a big enough pay off to make me ignore the myriad questions I was left with . -LRB- e.g. . Why would angels need to posses humans to kill other humans ? What exactly is the baby supposed to do ? Why is the kid named Jeep ? What happened to Dennis Quaid 's career ? -RRB- Skip Legion and watch -LRB- or rewatch -RRB- Constantine instead .
 This movie was BAD . I went to go see it in the theater because of the trailers but man , what an awful movie . Terrible acting , story was awful , and everything takes place at this restaurant/gas station the entire time -LRB- until the end -RRB- . Save the money DO NOT BUY THIS !!
 We sat down to watch `` Legion '' oh goody a good vs. evil movie , sounded like a good movie night to me . Wrong ! Nothing was explained , you pretty much had to figure out the storyline by yourself , if you have no biblical background you are SOL . What I could see of the movie -LRB- it 's one of those annoying one 's where everything is filmed in the dark -RRB- did n't make a whole lot of sence . You had great actors playing really good parts in this movie -LRB- why did they even take these parts for ? -RRB- no awards here that 's for sure . And since when do Angels need guns ?! Ca n't they just smite people down with a wave of their arms ? If you are a die hard end of the world movie kind of person you might just like this movie , otherwise , I would pass .
 Legion 's spooky , scary opening is really well done . It sets the stage for a `` Fort Apache '' like scenario - the mis-matched band of good guys are surrounded in an isolated outpost by lots of very bad people . Chills and thrills galore . The way that they incorporated the loss of connection to the outside world - radio and TV dead ... Ooooo , your imagination runs wild . The high point for me was when the old lady drives up in a dust covered sedan . How did she see through the windshield ? Hmmmm . Then , -LRB- not a spoiler alert because it was in the trailer -RRB- the old lady turns evil . Wow , a great scene . Alas , shortly after that , the movie sinks into a combination shoot-em-up and mis-mash of an eternal struggle centered around divinity , eternity and the apocalypse . Hard to follow , hard to understand and hard to like . I especially did n't like the ambiguous ending - all of this time and there is no resolution . Sorry , not my cup of Lipton.I really wanted to love this movie . Who does n't like to be scared out of their wits ? But being scared does n't cover up for a lack of a cogent plot .
 A big steaming pile of you know what . Tale centers around an apocalypse because God has gotten tired with us and decides to have Gabriel and Michael wipe us out but wait there 's a savior child that will be born . Are you confused at all ? I am . Worse . I have a headache just talking about it . Well , I 'm off to take some painkillers but I doubt it will help me recover from this movie . Ha!MY GRADE
 I made it only 28 minutes into this movie before I realized I only had so many minutes in my life and I did n't want to waste another one on this rotten movie . Do yourself a favor and skip this movie .
 Oh , it 's slam time . Paul Bettany - one of my favorite Brit actors - has charismatic presence , yes he does , but even his brooding , wonderfully world-weary take here can not save this movie . A worn down looking Dennis Quaid also ca n't save this movie . LEGION is basically about a badasss angel with a gun and then a dash of the Apocalypse thrown in , and it is not a good movie . The premise proposes that God has gotten fed up , has lost faith in us , and has opted to go all Old Testament . Cue the global extermination as the celestial hordes storm down on humanity -LRB- not that we get to see any of that epic stuff -RRB- . Instead the key battle takes place at a remote diner in the desert as armies of weak-minded humans are possessed by angels and lay siege on a stranded band of strangers . One of the survivors is a young pregnant waitress and it 's her unborn child that the archangel Michael intends to protect . Michael arrives at the diner sporting a cache of heavy firepower and driving a stolen police car , not exactly impressing anyone with his trustworthiness . But this archangel still harbors faith in man and , in some way , any chance of mankind having a future at all hinges on this unborn baby . Michael and the others only have to hold on until the baby is born . Except that the waitress is only eight months along . Ironically , she had n't even intended to keep the baby . Also testing irony to the breaking point is the diner 's name of Paradise Falls . Someone fell off the subtle wagon.How exactly will this baby save the world ? Dunno . The waitress as played by Adrianne Palicki does n't give us much to root for , and her change of heart regarding the baby seemed almost done by rote . She delivers the baby , and , boom , maternal instincts kick in and it 's all `` No , mister , you can not have this baby ! '' or something of the sort . Certainly the film does n't lay any groundwork or ultimately disclose why this baby or her mother , for that matter , is so relevant . This undermines the story.This here paragraph is devoted to what 's good in the movie . This 'll be a short paragraph . Paul Bettany does his best to lend gravitas , but even his skills get bumrushed by an avalanche of poor choices and miscues made by the writers or the director or producer or the dang caterer , for all I know . If you 've seen the trailer , you 've seen all the good bits . The bit with the creepy mean-spirited old lady who alarmingly skitters up the wall . The bit with Doug Jones 's demonic , attenuated ice cream man . These two scenes comprise the film 's two good horror jolts , and they happen way too early in the film . The scares afterwards are anything but.I guess it 's only natural that the end of the world - especially this sort in which God has turned his back - would call for plenty of soul-searching . But , damn , this film spends too much time exploring the characters ' feelings . And when the screenplay is this incompetent , we 're exposed to a pestilence of overcooked angst and dialogue more strained than my belt two hours after I ordered that Big Man 's pizza . The film does open interestingly , with Bettany descending to earth , cutting off his wings , absconding with a massive arsenal of guns , and laying a whoopin ' on two cops . But then the pace bogs down as the camera shifts to the desert and an interminable five-minute talky talk between Adrianne Palicki and Lucas Black . This tedious exchange blazes a trail for all the following dead spots throughout the film.But maybe the worst offender is Tyrese Gibson whose character is so stereotypical I could n't believe he did n't tear up the script . There 's actually one scene in which he starts a conversation with `` When I was a shortie ... '' Slow your roll , Tyrese.Parting observations : - I could n't help wondering what the point was in the angels possessing weak-minded humans . Why do n't they simply come down in all their celestial glory and just wipe us out like we 're so many cockroaches ? Or perhaps they did do that offscreen , to the rest of the world ? Ah , the vagaries of low budgeting ... - Is it me or is Lucas Black 's sissified character the only one here with a Southern accent ? Even his dad -LRB- Quaid -RRB- does n't talk hillbilly . - I admit , I was sort of impressed when I heard Gabriel 's horn ominously blaring , heralding his arrival . But then when Gabriel himself shows up , whoo , what a letdown . I was expecting , I dunno , something more majestic and frightening and less cheesy than some dude in black leather and feathers . Gabriel and Michael , by the way , are the only angels we see in their angel form . This does n't exactly constitute a horde . I suspect tokenism . - What has BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER wrought that even angels now employ martial arts ? - Would 've been sort of cool to get the Devil 's opinion on God 's getting his vengeance on . Alas , Old Scratch ai n't nowhere to be found , what with the angels doing his dirty work for him . - Not that I 'm calling `` shady editing '' but just how did that snooty mom suddenly end up tied up ? Why exactly was she tied up ? Dunno . - Starts like TERMINATOR , ends like TERMINATOR . Some films just wear their blatant rip-offs on their sleeves . - If God had seen this film , there would 've been another commandment .
 The movie was below mediocre . You could pretty much fast forward the whole movie and just watch Paul Bettany 's scenes and you will have a decent 20 minute flick . Bettany excels at everything he does . The rest of the cast and the plot were totally forgettable . The plot between Michael the archangel -LRB- Bettany -RRB- , Gabriel the archangel and God , could have been explored way , way deeper and make for a more interesting movie . Instead we are treated to forgettable B movie firefights , cliche scenes between a mother and her rebellious teenage daughter , a guy in love with a slutty chick whose life is another cliche of bad choices and your typical and predictable scene where a guy says a cheesy dirty harry wannabe line , lights something on fire and blows himself up along with some baddies . Bettany 's performance and how seriously he takes his work in every single scene as short or as menial as they might be , is the only thing that saves this movie from zero stars.This movie reminded me a lot of the movie DOGMA . The plot in both is almost identical . -LRB- After humanity has finally exhausted divine patience with its behavior , a couple of angels have as a mission to clean house in the name of god -RRB- . The only difference being , DOGMA was a good movie , it was funny and smart while this movie is simply lame .
 In ` Legion , ' heartthrobs Paul Bettany and Tyrese star alongside pacemaker-throb Dennis Quad in a time when God is royally ticked off at just about everyone and everything -LRB- judging by recent events , this is n't too far off -RRB- . To punish mankind for their wicked ways , the Man Upstairs sends down an army of angels to teach the world a lesson ... that lesson is taught through complete annihilation . Even Steven , right ? Well , fair or not , angels rain down upon , where else , a small run-down diner in a small run-down town aptly named Paradise Falls where mankind 's only hope rests on the wings of archangel Michael -LRB- Bettany -RRB- to save them from God 's wrath.Watching the trailer , it seemed pretty clear to most viewers ... if you wanted a laugh , check this film out . It 's not a comedy by any means , in fact its overly dark approach only adds to its comedic value . Instead , the horrible CGI , ridiculous one-liners , and possessed grandmas made it seem that ` Legion ' would finally be giving Nic Cage 's ` The Wicker Man ' a run for its money in Hollywood 's newest `` so bad they 're good '' market . While the unintentional hilarity of ` Legion ' does n't quite reach ` The Wicker Man ' -LRB- what will ? -RRB- , there is still plenty to laugh at from the insanely bad CGI angel transformations , the ridiculous dialogue , and the hammy acting . There are also some random elements that simply do not make sense in the realm of the film
 This guy may be a great teacher but this video is a waste of money at any price . There are MUCH better -LRB- low or no cost -RRB- instructional videos on the web - When you break it down ... this video really only gives you about 2 minutes of instruction . I was disappointed . Do n't waste your time or money
 It is a great idea and has a lot of potential . In fact , if it was edited a bit more it would have been an amazing film ! There were just scenes that seemed misplaced and dialogue that was stilted at times or did n't really seem to have any contribution . There were also problems with transitions between the scenes , at least in the beginning of the movie . I give props for it being realistic in terms of in real life conversation can just die out and there is this awkward silence . Did n't expect that in a movie , and I am still iffy on if I like that or not . I am in my 20 's , watching this movie for the first time . No nostalgia goggles here . I am not saying do n't watch it , if it was given to more editing it would easily be a 4/5 . But the amount of editing I think that it does need overshadows the movie a bit . I dislike taking movies at face value , and maybe I should n't analyze the heaven bits , but I just could not tell what was going on around the marriage scene . She disappeared and reappeared during the wedding , and then they were at the house , and he had to tell her she was going ? Why did n't she tell him ? I plan to rewatch the scene , maybe it was clearer than I am remembering . There were also one time when I could n't hear the dialogue itself clearly , but what I heard was not important at all to the plot , another unneeded scene -LRB- if I need subtitles and it does n't even make sense in context , what is it doing in the movie ? -RRB- . Another thing
 The dvd `` Made In Heaven `` I bought would n't load readily - I had to keep trying and trying - not very happy about it . . yes it was a used one , but I have bought used before and they have worked fine . Will think twice about doing THAT again .
 This seller is awful , I 've written 3 x and still no response . I ordered another movie from another seller at the same time and received within a couple of days . Never order from them again !
 pack of cameos in a movie does n't make it a good one.one of the worst movies ever.waste of time to watch this one
 I really wanted to like this movie . I really wanted to . BUT -- the acting is horrible , the music lame and the plot line , while it had such potential , just fell apart . So sorry , but this was definitely NOT `` made in heaven '' .
 Never saw this film before , unfortunately it ended up being worst case for me in terms of how bad it was . One of my favorite directors , decent set of stars and a bunch of somewhat interesting cameos , had my fingers crossed when I decided to buy the DVD . But the story and concept were pretty hard to sit through , and that 's about all I can say about that . Steer clear unless you know what you 're getting yourself in for .
 Even though it was packaged as brand new , the DVD-R version of this film was unwatchable , it jumped and skipped and was overall of very poor quality -LRB- especially egregious since I paid $ 24 for it ! -RRB- Hold out for the real thing , the DVD .
 Got a e-mail today from Amazon regardingMade in Heaven Finally getting a Official DVD ReleaseBoys was I wrong ... Maybe I 've been behind on DVD ` sUpdating my HD CollectingBut , when did Studios decide to go the Cheap Rout and Sell Bootleg DVD-R 's of there own Films to Die Hard Film Fans ?!?!?! MGM did this with Late for Dinner -LRB- Look where MGM went -RRB- and WB has done this with such Great under-Rated FlicksIn the Mood , Second Sight , If Looks Could Kill , Hot to Trot , Then Bloody Night Court Season 4 , now Made In HeavenThis is without a doubt screwed upI 'm sure Made In Heaven did not get a Real DVD Release -LRB- Mostly Cause the Music Rights , Shame on WBThey have done some Bogus Stunts on Movie FansThey had N/P putting Batman & Robin along with Batman Forever on both DVD and BRBut , they Ca n't do a Solid for die hard fans who want Official DVD ` sNot these Manhattan street bootlegsThe Film is a Great Romantic/Comedy Gem that over the years has gained a Loyal followingAvoid any/all These Poor DVD-R ` sThe Prices are Crazy -LRB- usually 24.99 -RRB- a pop for Fake DVD ` sMaybe $ 24.99 for Official DVD 's in the year 2000 would make senseNot in 2010 where there are films being Treated with the HD Make-over . P.S. I find it hypocritical that a few years back every Studio was Pushing that Ad campaignAbout Bootlegging Movies is Stealing But , yet The Studios can bootleg there own stuff and sell it for Crazy PricesHummm Usually Shady people do that type of Stuff -LRB- Drug Dealers , The Mob , Lawyers , Ect . -RRB-
 I no longer watch movies on my TV -LRB- it 's 11 years old and has no colors ! -RRB- So this DVD is useless to me . When I put it in the computer - it froze up the machine and I had to reboot . I lost data in the process .
 I 'd never heard of this film , but it was free on one of the upper satellite channels and I was sick most of the day with bad sinus , so I tried to watch it . Missed the first few minutes and perhaps that was the problem , but I never could get into it . The biggest turn-off for me was the near-constant sappy background music that always seemed to be playing , sounded vaguely like jazz I suppose -- oh , and then it frequently showed a woman who always seemed to be crying . A downer for sure as far as I 'm concerned !
 While we 're all happy as Larry to see Alan Rudolph 's wonderful Maid In Heaven finally see a digital format release , and I understand this is no mainstream film with a large following . However , Warner Bros ' pricing of what is an single layer , unremastered DVD-R is contemptible . $ 15 max is a suitable price point for an bare bones -LRB- no extras -RRB- , pressed to order DVD-R . Stop with the lazy expensive dvd copy releases . They only encourage people to download what amounts to a cheap copy .
 As expected , I wish I could have gotten this movie for cheaper . If I could have gotten this for cheaper that would have added a star . I got this because I thought this was a far better movie from the jacket .
 Just not funny or smart . I usually like offbeat humor and my favorite shows usually only get one season , so do with that what you will , but to me it was unwatchable .
 The DVD skips ... for starters.An initial nice , narrative journey turns into a showcase for two effete snobs who ` lord over ' what should be a pleasant excursion . Also , the DVD does not begin in Saigon , but distal from there . I have been to Saigon ... and the Mekong . This is a major disappointment.Seek something better .
 This has to be without a doubt the worst movie I 've ever seen . I 'm sorry I did n't take the one reviewers advice and rent it , no , instead I spent thirty bucks on this piece of trash . All this video is , is some guys butts -LRB- you do n't even see their faces half the time , but then would you put your face on this ? -RRB- aimed at the camera and what appears to be farting . And a lot of laughing . I 'm sorry but most of the farts in this so called movie seem to be fake , one part you can even see the guys mouth making the fart sounds . I ca n't believe I wasted $ 30 on this and I am going to see about returning it . I could have made a better fart movie with me and some friends . At least my farts would have been authentic . This was awful .
 These kids are limited , and so is the video
 My Boys are Good Boys , 1978 filmThe film begins at night in front of a liquor store . A man runs out , shots are fired . A police car shows up , there is a crash . Next we see a jail for teenagers . There is a conflict in the bathroom . One inmate has a visitor , his father . We learn why he is there , Tommy has an attitude . `` There 's not one bad kid in the whole bunch . '' -LSB- Wishful thinking ? -RSB- Will those boys pull a trick on their jailer ? Will Prissy make an error in judgment ? Bess commands her home . There is subtle humor in this story . -LSB- Are those adults really that gullible ? -RSB- An armored truck makes a cash pickup . What did they learn in reform school ? What kind of gas was in those cans ? Will they escalate their crimes ? Is there a flaw in their plans ? `` This is just like a movie . '' -LSB- A really bad movie ? -RSB- There is an unmarked car that checks on the armored truck . The older man is suspicious , and calls for help . One guard resists . A car chase to create action . The gang gathers the loot . What if the getaway car wo n't start ? -LSB- More comedy ? -RSB- A stuck gas pedal ? Will they get back in time for a perfect alibi ? -LSB- It is a movie . -RSB- Bert Morton is questioned about his lack of a warning . Bess gives him a lecture . `` Can it ! '' Morton remembers things . There is emotional conflict at home . -LSB- Some sort of psychological explanation ? -RSB- Dan Montgomery visits them to ask questions . `` Kids are lousy liars '' , they need years of practice to lie like adults . Harry Klinger has a secret . There is a big surprise at the end ! Did you get the clue ? The loose ends remain untied.This is a typical drive-in movie and morality play . It wo n't win any awards . Ida Lupino and Lloyd Nolan were big movie stars in their day and show their talents in this barely average story . Was the composition of this gang modeled on the old `` Our Gang '' comedies ?
 As a film buff -LRB- including noir -RRB- , it is rare that I ever get truly annoyed at a file for wasting my time . Memento was a complete time waster . I read these five star reviews here and wondered if it was me ? My girlfriend thought the same , and of 20 people in my neighborhood who are fellow dog walkers , 18 said two thumbs down . And , these are very intelligent people.Telling a story in reverse has been done before . -LRB- See 1977 's And Now My Love . -RRB- But the 5 minutes forward , 10 minutes back every 5 minutes . It was worse than a migraine . I had to watch it in two sittings , I got so tired of TRYING to follow it.Yes , there were moments when I said `` Oh ! `` Yes , the acting was excellent . But this movie probably resembled what pre-editing looks like ! And inexpicable black and white scenes . The DVD really needed a directors commentary to explain what the heck was going on - after you 'd seen it.And the ending ? That was n't an ending . You still had no idea - I waited with baited breath to see if the right guy had been killed . Still no idea . And , frankly , who cares !!! This movie is making headlines because it was not conventional . The final scene in Basic Instinct was subtle - and that movie made headlines without the need to go back to front.One fatal flaw . If you did suffer from this condition , you would forget that suffered from it , period . Was n't it convenient that he only forgot certain things like beer others spit in -LRB- who wrote that rubbish ? -RRB- and not the fact the he forgot things period . Which means he also forget to write notes . Because he would n't remember why he was even writing them !!! Where was the score?Yes , the movie drew you in . It mezmorized you . It made you think for 90 minutes -LRB- or was it 90 minutes . -RRB- And then left you hanging at the end .
 pretentious with a Big P. . . film school project gone amok -- do n't know which is worse ... the acting or the dialogue . this ` lost memory stuff ' has been done to death in hollywood . . enough.wish i had enough memory loss to forget having to sit throughthis mess .
 I watched it this weekend and it was slow . I finished it because I do n't like to see half a movie . But really , it was like watching Ground Hog Day without the Humor .
 unfortunately , i suffer the same condition as guy pearce 's character , so i kept forgetting what the heck was going on . but that 's probably the case for anyone with this movie . the only scene worth watching is when dodd goes to take a leak , not knowing that leonard is in his shower -LRB- leonard probably clueless about where he is or what he is supposed to be doing -RRB- . leonard jumps out stark naked -LRB- surprising dodd , who i believe at that point has no idea who leonard is -RRB- , beats the daylights out of dodd , ties him up , throws him in a closet , and snaps a polaroid . that scene on its own deserves an emmy . the rest is garbage and a total waste of time .
 Okay , maybe not THE worst , but certainly one of the worst movies ever . Overhyped by pseudo-intelligensia who think the schizophrenic style amounts to `` art . ''
 I got this movie because I watched Bollywood version of it called `` Gajini '' . This was done 6 years after memento . Memento was a total dissapointment after watching Gajini , the Bollywood version is brilliant . It 's a waste if time watching Memento .
 Si tuviera una escala negativa le daria -10 , porque es lo mas aburrido y tonto que he visto , con decirles que ni la pude terminar porque realmente es tremendamente terrible . I stunned at so many good reviews . No gasten su tiempo ni dinero .
 Christopher Nolan directs this stunningly akward and rather destructable piece of , need I say - waste , about a man who 's life changing accident leaves him with a memory disorder - in which he can only remember previously before this accident , but the present and everything afterwards just flies right over his head . He is obcessed with trying to find John G , the man responsible for the murder of his wife . Through taking pictures , writing notes to himself , and tatooing his body to remember things , this man 's life gets more confusing as time goes on , because to him - time is nothing , and he ca n't really feel it . THE MATRIX 's Carrie Anne-Moss and Joe Pantoliono star with Guy Pearce in this deranged thriller.To start off , this plot is so confusing and holds so much , it relies on itself being so non-understandable to make the viewer think there actually is a plot going on . The point of the film is basically to surpass as something very original , which it is , but the problem is that its originality makes no sense whatsoever . Sometimes we never know at what point in the film we are because they are constantly flashing back to the past to try to show us an event that took place that -LRB- Guy Pearce -RRB- ca n't remember . Carrie Anne-Moss plays the mistook Natalie , a beaten woman who is trying to help out Leonard -LRB- Pierce -RRB- solve this case . There is so much strange build around each character , including the odd Teddy , another man who seems to stick around and pretend to be Lenny 's friend . The purposterous events that take place over and over - like Leonard waking up in the motel and wondering where he is , looking at himself in the mirror , and questioning who people are - even telling the same people over and over about his condition ; it gets to the point where you are tired of hearing it . You are ten times ahead of the film and where the characters are at that you want to just get over with the film.All of these events lead up to a wonderous conclusion , but the problem is that you ca n't understand it , and you keep thinking about the strangeness of it after it 's over . All of this is topped off with unique acting , disgusting language used constantly - of course because these people can do and say whatever they want to Leonard and he would n't remember it fifteen minutes later anyway.The cruelness of the film , to its nonsense plot , its characters , and audience is enough to plague the whole idea of motion pictures . They are meant to entertain , not to poison the mind with film algebra that has no answer . This technically skilled and wondrous film would work if only it knew when to stop itself , if it could understand the boundaries and tolerances of audiences . The film is highly skilled with an edge to it that the audiences want , but it is overdone with originality that the film does n't make any sense anymore . If only the plot was n't like playing catch , going back and forth , when instead it should be keeping us in an orderly fashion of the film 's movement , we 'd all be able to keep up with it . But as Christopher Nolan has left it , it is a stand-alone which will pit the audience in brain-freeze and they 'd rather go see Pootie Tang instead .
 Only people thinking they are `` erudits '' , ntelligent `` people , who does not like Hollywood old cliches , will say they loved this piece of junk . THis movie is so indulgent , so cruel , sos tasteless , that in the middle of it you simply do n't care about the fate of that mess of a character interpreted by Guy Pearce . I idsliked this movie from beggining to end . No , I had absolutely none difficult to follow the falshbacks all the time , that 's not the point . The point is that the history is awful , bad tasted , ridiculous , a disgrace to motion picture . But director and cast can rest assured they made something `` unique '' in thtehistory of the movies
 This movie might interest you if you can look past the fact that it is both inherently flawed in plot and boring as hell . Apparently our hero ca n't remember anything , yet he 's clairvoyant when it comes to diagnosing his own constantly recurring amnesia . Just brilliant enough to interest scores of stoned undergraduates .
 I have n't seen this DVD , but I have seen the movie twice and I love it . So my review of 1 star relates to the DVD only and here is my gripe
 Film noir with a unique narrative device
 This movie was n't very good , and not nearly as good as I thought it would be . Read the above guy 's review and you wa n't have to waste your money on this pseudo-intellectual pig . If you want something to wrap your mind around , get Waking Life by Richard Linklater .
 Do n't believe the hype . Memento is a stinker of the highest order . I just feel sympathy for the actors.Guy Pearce , with his smoldering Australian good looks and poofed up dyed blonde hair could have been the perfect neo-noir icon - a smart educated rebel appealing to both indie types and mass audiences . But the film provides him with no edge , when that 's clearly what he 's screaming for . Leonard , the memory challenged hero of Memento , is simply too nice . `` See , I have this condition with my memory ... '' he says with a semi-eager-to-please puppy dog look in his eyes . And the script has him say this over and over again , sometimes for laughs . Pearce is n't allowed to act a complex character ; he 's barely even veangeful when his revenge for the death of his wife is what is fueling the movie . The opposite is true for the equally potentially magnetic , Carrie Anne-Moss . She 's way too mean . Any amount of decency was abandoned by her character for no reason other than to play out yet another relentlessly gimmicky scene of backwards story telling.The cinemotography and production values for Memento are also sub-par . The atomsphere for Memento should be dark and smokey with dense , well-lit visuals . Instead , the color scheme is bland and sunny and one scene actually takes place , with no irony , in a Bill Knapps . Bill Knapps ! In fact there are only three locales mainly
 I like the people in this movie and mostly the pretty girl with the dark hairs . I do n't quiet understanding why the man has tatoos , however . Sometimes he rubs them , and sometimes they are in big letters , like , DO N'T ANSWER PHONES !!!! Does he have a tattoo-making friend who owes money to the phone company ? I could n't tell . Also , why does the bald man come so much to the hotel rooms ? Does he work for the phone companies maybe ? Also the girl was pretty but was in dark places many times - does she have the light burning problem ? Maybe she is a witch and explodes in the daytimes !! Can someone please explain ? I like the man in the room but he should try markings other than words ; he is not a piece of paper !! Maybe that 's why he keeps going to same places again !! My questions make two stars for the nice people , but answers give three more tomorrow !!!
 Are all of you people brain dead , or what ? . . This had to be the dumbest movie I 've seen in quite a while . . My favorite `` laugh out loud '' moment ? . . When Guy Pierce comes into the hotel lobby and a car drives by , blaring it 's horn , which makes Pierce jolt to look at the car , and of course he loses his memory . . Then he turns to the clerk and says . . `` I do n't know if I told you this , but I have a bit of a memory problem '' . . How , exactly , Mr Pierce , can you remember you have a memory problem , when you have said memory problem ? . . LOL . . I 'm sorry , but I do n't have an IQ that hovers around 95 . .
 Watched twice out of incredulity . Intriguing premise badly implemented . Even the disk does not follow the Newtonian cause/effect nexus we know on this planet -- standard DVD commands such as find scenes do not work , which in turn make it impossible to uncover the `` reality '' -LRB- if any . -RRB- Supposedly flashbacks of -LRB- anti ? -RRB- hero who devolved from reputable insurance agent to justified vigilante , with such memory loss that can not function in this space-time despite carrying inch-thick file of documentation and writing , yea bodily tattooing , important considerations as to who/what -LRB- has/is to ? -RRB- occur -LRB- red -RRB- . Like Run Lola Run , but less coherent . Unreliable narrator can not maintain distinctions between multiple realities and his constant shifts of P.O.V between color and b/w are unhelpful ; happenings and identities shift , even between friend and foe constantly and nothing is what it appears . Can not exist in this universe , assuming Occam 's Razor applies in an America filmed in 2000 . Therefore either -LRB- 1 -RRB- space and time fold back on each other at the individual level without warning or -LRB- 2 -RRB- it 's a drug-induced bad trip . Drugs are mentioned throughout and fantasy desiderata such as protagonist killing a gangster to take on his Jaguar and girlfriend and even clothing , not to mention a free $ 200,000 to live on without a job , with no law enforcement or Mob penalties -LRB- scot free -RRB- are much in evidence . WAS the killing , if actually happening , actually justified ? Do n't try this at home .
 This movie just plain stinks . No , you do n't have to be an intelect to follow the story line . You simply must be from Pluto to understand why the heck someone would go through all this trouble to make a movie this bad . And when that moment comes and you finally get the point and understand how the timeline works and figure out what in the world is going on and you know the plot , you are left with only one single solitary clear thought - who cares . I tried to watch this movie twice , neither time did I make it to the end .
 Worst movie ever . It tries to be different , but it 's nothing . Bad acting , bad plot , really a joke .
 I liked Guy Pirece from `` LA. . Confidential '' , and I was really looking forward to this film . While the concept could have good , it completely breaks down . This is one of the worst movies , in that you keep hoping it will be explained , or get better ... . IT DOES NOT !
 I do n't know where to begin ... I hate the actors , especially the main character . I have never seen a character so stupid until now . He 's also very annoying.Who gives a s ** t that he 's have short term memory loss ??
 Totally unrealistic and stupid . The tattoo concept was so dumb !
 I really thought I would like this movie . Everyone I spoke with , said it was like the movie `` The Machinist '' . It was not ! Only the notes and the guy being lost was something like it . Also , I really ca n't stand Guy Pearce . He is pretentious and arrogant . I could not stand to watch any more of this film . It should have been filmed mostly at night . With some good haunting music for the film score . Just way too bad I paid $ 18.50 for this mind puzzling crap . Tortuous and it really hurt my brain to try to follow this film . This best part about this film was that it was low budget . I did like that . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The concept of this movie is a good one , but it fails to keep you entertained.It is annoying and boring . Not to mention this is not one of Guy Pearce 's best work .
 I do n't have to say much about this movie to let you know do n't waist you time or money . I paid $ 21 for it through Columiba house . I relied upon the good comments of others before I bought it . It was boring , sensless , and a downright waist of time . If you must put yourself through such torture at least go rent it . The only movie that comes close to such idiocy is The Man Who Fell to Earth .
 This review is of the Limited Edition DVD , not the movie itself . The movie is quite good , but unless you are fanatically devoted to it , get the `` regular '' edition , not this `` Limited '' edition . First of all , the menus are enough to drive you crazy . I like my menus to be simple and utilitarian ; the menus on these DVDs are like a puzzle that you have to solve . Sure , it 's cute the first couple of times , but after that it just gets annoying - especially the ones on disc 2 , with the special features -LRB- including the `` chronological '' version of the movie - but more on that below -RRB- . I ca n't stress enough how annoying these are . Imagine if the remote control to your entertainment system had 85 identically shaped buttons , with no labels on them . That 's kind of how the menus on these DVDs are . I watch movies to relax ; the Memento Limited Edition DVDs are more like a chore . Trust me , if you 're just a casual fan like me , you will not like it.About the chronological version of the movie - yes , it is indeed on Disc 2 . You can find out how to access it by trudging through the puzzling menus , or just looking it up on the internet like I did . Let me say this
 The film is great , do n't get me wrong . It is a five-star film . Just do NOT buy this special edition without being warned . The `` special '' part of this is that the director made it almost impossible to actually watch the movie . All of the great extra features on the disc 2 are not available unless you figure out some sort of puzzle and answer random questions the way that the director thinks they should be answered.There are cheat sheets for navigating the menus available on the web , but you really should n't have to do a Google search in order to watch something that you paid for !
 I did n't like this movie . I lost interest about halfway thru because it was showing each `` chapters '' backwards , starting at the end and finish at the beginning , but I finished it though . No suspense this way because the movie will reveal the answer at the beginning . Good thing I rent it for $ 1.00 .
 I believe that the individuals that gave this movie a high rating only wants us to think that they knew what -LRB- ... -RRB- was going on . No one is THAT intellegent . I think that movie started from the end and continued in reverse was because the writer and directer did n't have an ending for this puzzle . It was just a distration from the typical movie about a wife who really committed suicide and the husband went nuts ...
 The screenwriter came up with a clever idea , but could n't figure out what to do with it . The movie raises questions and builds tension and then ends suddenly without resolving them . The ending was a huge letdown . Lots of writers can dream up challenging puzzles ; only the really good ones know how to resolve them .
 The film attempts to make you feel as confused as the lead character . But misses the mark terribly . The backwards progression of the film becomes EXTREMELY ANNOYING and frankly , this film is totally predictable . One of the worst films I have ever seen .
 When I opened this movie , it had been damaged in two spots . Since it 's a Christmas present , I 'm not very happy with it .
 this movie was extremely bad how can people say its good basically u see guy kill someone at the begginig which really is the ending then it slowly rewinds backwards explaining how he came to be there why he did it and so on . Its so hard to watch because none of the scenes hold out long enough each past event is by the most 5 min and by least a min . then they go to the time before that . He ceriously in this movie forgets everything like a hundred times over so so boring and the ending is boring because its really suppose to be the beggining dont expect this to be an action film cause its not i dont really know what kind of film this is . I only gave it two stars cause guy is in it and he always does a fantastic job . But definitly not a movie to buy if your realy keen on watching it rent it instead because this is not the movie for the average only for those who say a movies great because they are lost and confused in the end me personally i like to see a movie that leaves you feeling like youve learned something from the movie but this does not do that it just leaves you very dissapointed .
 I can not believe how many people loved this film . It is grossly overrated . Discussions around this film center on its `` groundbreaking '' backwards structure . Well , there is a little known film from the early 1980 's called `` Betrayal '' starring Jeremy Irons and Ben Kingsley . It is a film about a love triangle that is told backwards . TV 's Seinfeld did a riff on Betrayal with the Indian Wedding episode . So this film is hardly groundbreaking . As for the story , I found it boring . Yet another revenge story , HO HUM . This film is just yet another variation on the Pulp Fiction influence .
 This movie makes no sense . So what if i did n't understand it , it would still be boring . I ca n't understand why anyone would like this movie .
 I thought it was the biggest wasted of time . If I could sue for my time back , I would .
 This movie is typical of modern `` cinema ''
 Friends recommended this movie to me . Smart friends . Memento is a classic who-done-it murder mystery -LRB- ... -RRB- We are deliberately fed conflicting misinformation at the end of the film -LRB- or should I say the beginning ? -RRB- . It is as if the director -LRB- ... -RRB- structured the plot-line in reverse chronological order , with the hope that his audience would be sufficiently confused that they would either assume there had been logical explanations for everything or , better yet , they would had invent their own explanations . My friends have come up with differing explanations -LRB- ... -RRB- , however these explanations are not necessarily grounded in the `` facts '' presented in the film . -LRB- ... -RRB- The real kicker is that many people are watching the movie over and over , hoping to figure it out . Dustin Hoffman 's character in Rain Man will sooner figure out `` Who 's on first . '' And that 's because Memento , like Abbott and Costello 's famous routine , is not a riddle - it merely thinks that it is .
 I think Memento is a fine , interesting film . But if you just want to see the movie itself , DO NOT BUY THE 2-DISC VERSION . you literally have to participate in these series of psych-type tests in order to get at anything you actually want to see , and there 's NO WAY AROUND the tests . you can never watch without going through them . you 're paying for the tests , not just the film . i 'm not exaggerating . i bought one , tried for maybe ten minutes , and now i 'm putting it back on sale on amazon.tj
 I 'd like to begin by saying this is one movie that should not be missed . The film itself is a milestone in the annals of innovative storytelling.HOWEVER , I recommend anyone interested in purchasing this DVD to avoid the Limited Edition at all costs and settle for the original version instead , unless you enjoy spending hours navigating through the pointless and stupid puzzles you are required to solve before you can access ANY of the features on the discs!I 've heard some refer to this method as `` cute '' and `` amusing , '' but I 'll wager anything most find it nothing but pure aggravation .
 I agreee with John from Houston - his review below - the battery of `` tests '' that Nolan has you complete before seeing anything on this disc is absurd . If you 've got lot 's of time on your hands and you love a puzzle , then the Limited Edition is for you . The packaging is cool and well done , but if you 're like me , you got this edition because you love the movie so much you want more . Well , the `` more '' is so difficult to find , it is n't worth the effort .
 I read the earlier review that gave this limited edition a ONE STAR and was a bit `` offended '' . I , too , LOVE this movie . So I ignored the reviewer and purchased the `` limited edition '' thinking it would be better than just the `` normal '' edition.How frustrating is this edition . Perhaps there is some rhyme or reason to the STUPID quiz at the beginning which EVENTUALLY will lead you to the special features , but all it ended up doing for me was PISSING ME OFF !!!!!!! It served no purpose as far as I was concerned.I returned to the store today where I bought it , who 's policy is that OPENED DVD 's may only be returned for the SAME item.I pleaded with the clerk to let me exchange it for the NORMAL DVD version , explaining that the price is the same or less than the LIMITED EDITION and ... `` it 's basically the same movie '' . Fortunately , he agreed . I now own the NORMAL DVD and am much more content with my purchase.Stay away from this limited edition ...
 ohmigod ... I love this movie , but thank God I did n't buy the Limited Edition version of the DVD . A friend of mine was n't so lucky.I 've seen it up close and I ca n't imagine what they were thinking . You have to play an unending stream of nightmarish games to use the DVD!The disc with the movie is easy enough to figure if you work it out logically . You 'll be shown a quickly edited series of words . Then the DVD will ask you which word was n't shown to you in the sequence . To start the movie , pick the word `` Watch '' out of the menu . Movie will play.But put in the Special Features DVD and it 's just dumb luck if you find ANYTHING . In fact , by the time you see something , you 'll be so annoyed you ca n't enjoy it.I know they were trying to simulate psychological tests or perhaps the experience of having no memory . But they went too far . It 's infuriating , it 's monotonous and it 's not worth -LSB- the money -RSB- for the aggravation . Rent it - Do n't buy it !
 I did n't hate it , but beyond the way the story 's told there 's really very little there . Seeing the movie told from the hero 's point of view is interesting ... for the first few minutes .
 Guy Pearce adds another bad tasted movie to his curriculum , summing this up with the utterly ridiculous RAVENOUS . The director had one single purpose here
 All i can say is this movie is boring and very disappointing . Now i know why there was n't a rent option . Terrible .
 Contrary to popular belief , yes you do need to be a rocket scientist to figure out what the heck is going on . In addition , it was a bore unlike the equally confusing Mullhulland Drive .
 Despite the overwhelming accolades this film seems to have generated , Memento is a real dud . Very gimmicky and self-conscious , this film expects the viewer to automatically care about its protagonist and his ludicrous dilemma . It 's true that Guy Pearce may succeed in arousing a very mild affection for his character , but that I think is due merely to the amount of time -LRB- depending on one 's patience -RRB- the viewer spends watching him go through his paces . Even if the ending were extraordinarily mind-blowing -LRB- which it is not -RRB- , it still would not adequately compensate the viewer for the time invested to get there . The film is extremely tedious to sit through
 My wife and I rented this movie and were really engrossed by the story . The writing , directing and acting are superb . However , I gave the movie two stars.Why ? There is no representation of good in this film.Just when I felt that one of the characters was trying to be helpful and selfless the story flips back a scene and their motivations are painted more clearly . Everyone is exploiting everyone else . I 'm not bothered by this from a moral point of view so much . What bothered me was that I found it difficult to sleep after watching this film . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I choose to watch this movie , based on the good reviews of this movie in amazon.com.But this movie is very confusing , like a puzzle , scenes in the movie repeatback and forth.It is very hard to understand.After you come back from a good day of work , you want to relax with a nice movie , and after watching this movie , I feel terrible.How come so many good reviews of this movie , I do n't understand these people.There is a pain in the butt peron in the office , I am going to recommend and give this movie for her to watch . HAHA
 They make it impossible to access the tracks on the second disc . A code is needed that you , the viewer , do n't have ! The film is presented in reverse order and it is extremely confusing . I watched the film at least 5 times and enjoyed it less each time . Do n't waste your time ! I loaned it to a friend for a second opinion . when I get it back I will trash the DVD .
 The film begins with Lenny shooting the man -LRB- or we 're so led to believe -RRB- who he thinks raped and murdered his wife . The film then moves backwards in time because it wants the viewer to feel what it 's like having short term memory loss just like Lenny , the main character . I admire the creativity , but it gets tedious . I almost lost all interest in the movie until Natalie provides a twist to the story . Then the end of the movie comes , which is actually the beginning of the story and the viewer discovers the truth
 memento is one of the movies i ever saw i ca n't believe it actually stole 25,000,000 from moviegoers it made no sense to me what so ever if want to waste the money then rent memento .
 The director went out of his way to make what could have been a decent movie into a confusing disjointed mess .
 This is one of these worst moives ever made !!! If you like watching the same scene over and over and over and over , each time getting a little longer , then you 'll love this movie . The plot of the story is n't bad once you piece this mess together . The writer and director are under some misguided idea that if we see the same scenes repeatedly not knowing what the hell is going on , we 'll get some idea of what the main character is going through . B.S. !!! This film is unwatchable ! I 'm not against movies that make you think or assemble the plot in a piece at a time . Great movies like Exotica , Crash , and Vanilla Sky are wonderfully crafted storys that stretch your perceptions of reality and make you think at the same time . Memento is garbage plain and simple ! If you have any taste in movies , avoid this one at all costs !
 WARNING ! SPOILERS ! = PI do n't really know why , but I really did n't like this movie at all . A friend said it was so great and so I decided to see it ... but then I actually watched it . In addition to making very little sense to me -LRB- i had to have most of it explained over time -RRB- , I did n't really understand the point of it.Okay , so you have some guy who has a case of perpetual memory loss . And he kills some people because he gets mad ... So ? Am I supposed to like him as a character , or feel bad for him ? The guy gets mad at some guy because he thinks he 's lying and so he ends up killing him according to a little note he writes on himself.I do n't find the characters likable , nor do I find them particularly memorable . The plot is lacking , and the movie 's focus limited to a boring monotony . It 's about betrayal , and stupid ways that people mess each other up ... eh . The only reason I give it more than one star is because it 's an okay idea for a film.I guess it 's also that I was reccommended this movie by someone who said it was so amazingly great , and I was n't particularly impressed with it . Had I seen it without hearing about how great it was , maybe I 'd like it better ... I dunno ... hype always seems to ruin movies . = P
 ok dont get me wrong , this is the most brillian picture i 've ever seen in my lifetime . This is beyond a doubt the most mind twisting , suspense thriller i 've seen in years . The reason i gave it two was for the special edition . When i bought this i was looking forward to the special features . Then come to find out you have to take this stupid test to get to a feature.You are asked a series of questions and it just goes from one question to another basically getting you nowhere and to the point when you wish you would of bought the regular dvd.You think you get a question right and you 'll get a special feature but then bam it takes you to the main menu , very pointless if you ask me . Now i know when things go too far and this is it . I got this the first day it came out and have only gotten to see 1 special feature on it . I know its probly some scheme to go along with the movie , but c'mon man too much time on your hands . I say just go ahead and get the regular version of it due to the fact of the stupid tests that are confusing as hell and its more frustrating than entertaining , great movie , bad choice for special edition
 This movie is n't a `` whodunit '' , it 's a `` whydunit '' . We know how everything turns out , but it 's the sequence of events that interests us . And to this extent , the movie is a success in that it 's really interesting to see how things came to that conclusion.But it 's not a happy movie -- it 's about a guy hunting the killer of his wife -- and aside from a couple of darkly funny moments , there is n't much positive emotion from this movie . In fact it gets darker as it goes on . I can appreciate that if it 's a means to end , like in Blade Runner , or if at least there 's a big emotional payoff . As it turns out it 's neither.The somewhat ambigious ending makes it even worse . ... But why would I care what happened to these characters ? ALL of the characters are evil manipulative losers . ... The whole experience for me was mild interest dropping into mild disgust.And finally , the `` theme '' of the movie , ... seems to be reminicent of `` The Matrix '' -- can you really trust your memories/senses ? Can you be sure of anything ? Pseudo-intellectuals love to parrot this garbage , because it 's right -- you ca n't be sure of anything . ... How is this knowledge going to affect your life ? ... Meditate for days on your enlightment ? No , you 're going to keep going about life exactly the same as before , because odds are , the world around you is probably pretty much what it looks like , the past is probably pretty much how you remember , and in all likelihood there IS a spoon ... If you need a puzzle to solve and some lite philosophy to think about , you could have a winner here.Final verdict
 I had the same reaction to the ending of this film as I did to `` The Usual Suspects '' -- disappointment , the type of disappointment you get when you know you 've been fleeced . Except this film started to fall apart for me much sooner than `` The Usual Suspects '' did -- but , hey , I was younger then & if I was to watch TUS for the first time now , I 'm sure things in that film would fall apart for me earlier on now than they did then -- at least I 'd hope so.This film is too taken with its own cleverness . And , gosh , is it repetitive !! Save yourself the disappointment and wait for the rerun of that Seinfeld episode where they basically run the story in reverse -- the one where they go to India for a wedding and backtrack the story from there ... . That Seinfeld episode , annoying as it was , is much less so than Memento , and at least compensates you with the occasional laugh . Memento does n't . In Sum
 ... there is nothing clever about this . I was really looking forward to this as the complexity and originality of it had been highlighted by many reviews . At the end of viewing it , I thought , this is over-rated . I see no point in showing a movie backwards - they 've done it so we can put the pieces together ourselves - but why would we want to . The story isnt that great anyway . I 've read that many distributors would n't buy this movie and I can see why . A big yawn .
 I suppose the only reason I could suggest this film to anyone is if I have a sincere desire to torture someone else , or the person I 'm referring it to is just as confused as this movie is . The movie from beginning to end is exactly that , confusing . The constant `` rewind technique '' the film seems to use is part of the love/hate issue I experienced . I think it 's very trendy technique though . It 's just they use it way to often . You get 5 minutes ahead only to go back 10 . It 's very frustrating for me to watch . The only reason I finished the film was that I wanted to see if all this rewinding/fast forwarding was going to pay off . Somehow it never did .
 Be careful ! This item only works on region 1 . I 'm very dissapointed with this purchase because it does n't work in Europe .
 Well , I just saw what everyone was saying should win the Oscar for best picture . I thought it was going that way for the first twenty minutes or so of the film . It sure did keep me wondering and riveted . However , like a lot of movies tackling complex themes and ideas , it had to resort to a trainwreck of an ending ... Suddenly , from suspense to psychological , it takes a turn for the philosophical . It 's not as bad as Vanilla Sky , but you get the feeling they 're in the same new genre -- the I-Can-Do-Anything-With-This-Movie-And-Come-Out-Original genre . I had more questions than answers after the movie ended which that explanation just did n't solve . Too bad , I really wanted to like it ... go watch Insomnia for real psychological suspense and thrills -- no , not the remake from Memento 's director , Christopher Nolan , but the original by Erik Skjoldbjaerg . -LRB- Now , let 's see short term memory deal with that name . -RRB-
 Take a 12 minute student film , chop it , recombine it 8 different ways in a moviola , toss in some hip , noirish narration , the riveting gimmick of having the guy with amnesia tattoo essential data on his body so he can never lose it , lots of artsy affectation from the MTV '90s style book , an oblique/patently meaningless story , and voila , you have the cult hit of the new century.Was I wrong to be less than charmed by this notably fashion-conscious , arch film editor 's trick flick ? I will leave that up to you . It could very well be that this will prove to be the Citizen Kane for a whole generation-to-come of film makers , that style will continue being pushed over substance to a point that films that tell stories will simply cease to exist . My more modest guess , however , is that as stinting as Memento is with feeling , this will become the dust collector in most people 's DVD collections , the film that one half of virtually every couple out there despises and refuses to watch a second time . It is an extremely low yield experience in emotional terms . Gimmicks wear out , even the good ones , and leave empty wireframes behind . Think of Memento as Roger Rabbit for the new millenium . The search for the perfect film continues in perpetuum .
 Nice gimmick , but lousy story . The director is in love with the way he 's telling this mediocre story and that sustains the movie for the first thirty minutes , but then tedium sets in . I 'm glad he tried so hard to do something different , and that may make the movie worth seeing -LRB- ok , it 's worth seeing briefly for being unique , but you 'll get bored with it pretty quickly so have another movie handy to put in when this one starts putting you to sleep -RRB- . There is mild fun in trying to piece all the elements together , but once you do there is n't anything interesting going on . People are giving this movie too much credit for telling its story from both the beginning and the end at the same time with an actual ending somewhere in the middle , and are n't giving it enough criticism for being just a simple minded and uninteresting story to begin with .
 Okay , I was so excited about seeing this movie . For the most part , critical reviews were overwhelmingly positive . I am also a huge fan of movies that are a little off the mainstream path . Some of my favorites over the past few years are Being John Malkovich and Magnolia . I was almost certain , from the reviews I had heard , that Memento would join that list . So , I hurriedly bought the DVD without having seen the movie . That was a mistake.The movie plays backwards . For example , if you divided the film into 20 scenes , traditionally scene 1 would play first , followed by scene 2 , etc. . In Memento , Scene 20 plays first , followed by scene 19 , then scene 18 , etc. . This is definitely a unique style , and if it would have worked , I would have been thrilled with the technique . Unfortunately , I do n't think it is successful . Just when a little Momentum begins to build , we are pulled from the story and thrown back in time . The film could not hold my attention.More troubling , though , is that interspersed within the film are scenes that play in the correct chronological order . This just adds to the confusion . By the end of the film , I was frustrated and exhausted by trying to keep up with the plot -LRB- which I can not help but think would have been extremely weak if played in the traditional chronological order -RRB- and was hoping the ending would shed some light on the muddling film . Instead , the ending just left me asking `` What ? '' If Memento were a better film , I would attempt to watch it a second time to figure out some of the puzzles . But as it stands , I do n't feel like watching this film again anytime soon.I would reccommend that before purchasing the DVD you rent the movie first . It could save you from disappointment.NOTE
 I love this movie , its one of the best.I am sick and tired of these greedy people pumping out limited editions of films that have already been given this status.When memento was released on dvd I purchased it right away.My point is wait until you get all the special features you can put on the dvd , THEN sell it.I love special features but ill be damned if im going to buy this thing twice .
 This is probably one of the best movies in my collection but the limited edition version is simply awful . In a nutshell the special features are a mess . It 's almost like being harassed by your DVD.The DVD starts out by asking you a ton of stupid questions which , for those seeing the movie for the first time , would help to give away some of the movies mystery.The original DVD version is much much better . It has the movie and the short story that the movie was based on . THAT IS ALL THAT IS NEEDED but I guess Christopher Nolan wanted to milk the fans for a few more bucks.A nice special feature for this DVD would have been to have the option to play the movie in sequential order . While this would be a horrible way to first watch the film , I 'm sure many fans would n't mind watching it that way .
 I recently bought this Limited Edition DVD set because I love the film and wanted to watch all the extras that comes with the DVD.When I got the DVD , it was beautifully design . But when it comes time to play it . Horror ! Though the DVD was designed to be viewed like a mediacal file , it was a terrible way to navigate through to get to the extra . Disc 1 was pretty easy . One just needs to hit WATCH and the movie will play.Disc 2 was a different story . After hitting an icon that looks like a book , it led me through a series of question . I managed to find the Director 's Shooting Script that correspond to the film in multi-angle . It was pretty cool . But that was it.I am still looking to see how I can get to the Original short story , the Trailers and all the extra freebie . But at every turn , all I get was a series of questions that leads to more question . Undoubtably it was fun for the first minute . But very quickly , the frustration sets in . I think the designer forgot that they are designing a DVD that is meant to be watched . What 's the point of hidding all the features that no one can find . A bummer ... and very disappointing as a DVD.I would give 4.5 stars to the movie but 1 star for the design of the DVD . Save your money and go get the regular edition instead .
 This is a great movie , although I am only giving it two stars because this particular DVD had captioning . When I placed the order it did not say there would be captioning the whole entire movie . I got used to it as the movie went on , but it was still very annoying . I checked the settings on the dvd player and it was n't the player . Please note I bought this as a used DVD and it was so cheap I did n't bother complaining or returning it . I guess if I watch it again I 'll have to get used to the captioning again .
 ... unless you 're into being tortured . I wo n't be redundant as other 's have stated how utterly ridiculous the menu system is and the battery of test you 're forced to take to see the features you paid for . this edition is for the pretentious , `` hip '' psuedo-intellectual . Do n't get me wrong , I love the film itself but this edition is just terrible . I have never reviewed anything here but I felt so strongly about this edition that I had to join the others in warning you in advance .
 Everyones Been Giving This movie all this praise that it sets a groundbreaking level for movies now . The truth is that the director made this movie solely for the fact to say `` Im smarter than all of you , so im going to make a movie that none of you can understand so ill look like the genius `` And Another Thing , the reason this movie won so many awards makes sense because if you think about it , the average movie critic sees over 1000 movies each year . He sees a lot of action , comedy , thrillers , and romantic movies . But the movie critic can eventually get tired of the same old thing , so movie critics are always looking for that 1 different movie each year to give the award toThis movie was terrible dont go see it
 To be blunt , Memento is the cultural equivelant of colorization or hollywood remakes , or even those '70s Disco-Beat recordings of Big Band music KTel used to hawk on late night TV . It seeks , in a word , to make a cold meal appetizing to a new audience and is n't particularly skillful or smart about how it proceeds toward that dubious goal . Here it is people
 Recipe for success in filmaking in the 00 's . Write a dyslexic 20 minute short story about a tattoed idiot in a motel room . Shuffle pages , go to Kinkos , make 300 copies , shuffle again , call Tarantino . Rake in the dough.I give this film credit for trying to be different , but the only thing it succeeds in doing is being a monotonous bore . The votes for this dog are proof positive of the near complete dumbing down of this country ... either that or just another example of the `` Bandwagon '' Syndrome .
 I just finished watching this movie and I 'm trying to figure out what the other reviewers saw that I missed ! It was a waste of money as far as I 'm concerned ! The movie is totaly backwards , just when I was hoping I would get what was really going on , the credit 's started rolling . I sat in my seat thinking , ok now what was that all about , now I know , a real waste of time and money . Maybe the movie was to deep for me?If you want to see this movie , rent it , do n't buy it like I did and wish you had your money back !
 The flash backs drove my wife and I crazy . All we wanted was to watch a movie and be entertained ; not to test our patience on a friday night at the end of a long working week . One would have to be a movie critic to see the value or get the message from this one . If you are like us , `` we just want to be entertained '' do n't torture yourself watching this movie . Unfortunately we got fed-up and quit watching before we could get any appreciation of its entertainment value .
 `` Stunning '' , `` intelligent '' . . H&aacute; ! This is some of the worst movie ever made . No ' , I 'm not dumb , I understand the plot completely . But what 's the point in shooting this history this way ? By the way , there is no history at all . By the end of the movie , I no longer cared about Guy Pearce 's character search for his `` JOHN G. '' THis movies is a swindle , like `` THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT '' .
 Where am I ? And why am I watching this movie ? What happened in this scene ? And what happened in that scene ? If not being able to follow what happens to the narrator qualifies as unique moviemaking , then it is one of a kind . But that does n't mean its great . I walked out in the middle . And I never looked back .
 The idea of a movie running backwards is intriguing , and this one is well-edited . The different styles made the film a puzzle to figure out as it runs . The whole premise of having no short-term memory is fascinating . Memento has the dark , edginess of Fight Club . It is a very dark film . So if you like movies for the concept , and do n't care about a happy ending or uplifting message , then you 'll probably like this .
 I watched this movie based on recommendations , and i hated it . It was supposed to be about someone who can not make new memories , but nothing in the film really seemed to be about that . it was more just a repetitive series of flashbacks , each of which disclosed another bit of a dumb story . do n't bother
 I 'm not normally one who complains about a movie being released twice on DVD . But this is ridiculous . Here 's the problem : Take a movie like Dogma . When the first DVD came out , it had no special features at all . We knew that a better one was coming . The same goes for Spy Kids . We know that there will be a special edition eventually with special features , an added scene and , hopefully , a director 's commentary . But with this , we got a DVD earlier that had a few things on it . It was n't loaded , but you could n't call it a brown bag edition . And now they 're releasing this . I hate them.ps . the movie deserves five stars
 Everybody I know , who has seen this movie , loved it . I absolutely hated it . I thought it totally sucked . It was difficult to follow , but that 's not why I dislike it so much . I found it to be really stupid . The story line is lame , the characters are under-developed , and it is very unrealistic . I mean , jeeze , does anyone really believe that you can give yourself a tattoo with a syringe and some ink from a bic pen that is perfectly legible and looks professionally done ? Also , when one gets a tattoo , does n't it take longer than a few hours for the skin to heal and return to normal ? WEAK !! None of the characters in this movie are worth caring about at all.Don ' t waste your time or your money on this one .
 The only reason this movie keeps you guessing is through the use of deceptive editing . Had the director used a straight-forward timeline , the `` mystery '' would be immediately evident . . I personally do n't like contrived confusion . If the screenplay is n't clever enough to engage the movie-goer then throw in a few `` cuts , '' jump the time-line around , and `` voila '' instant confusion . Much the same effect as Quentin Tarantino uses . When the movie ended , I felt cheated because the mystery is so profoundly mudane . Give me Hitchcock any day .
 THis is not about originality . It 's about bad taste . Another bad movie featuring Guy Pearce , after the atrocious RAVENOUS . Simply dislike it .
 A friend recommended `` Memento '' to me , because I am very much into suspense thrillers . However , I approached it with a wary eye , as it was recommended to me by the same friend who suggested I see `` The Usual Suspects . '' `` Memento '' is unmomentous for the same reason `` The Usual Suspects '' was
 This movie bites . I do n't usually write a review with such a base and overly simple description , but this one deserves it . I found nothing what so ever in this movie to like . Some people have hailed it as the intellect 's movie . That is why I originally wanted to see it . But , an intellect 's movie is good because the movie is intelligent , not because you have to be intelligent to understand the movie.The precept of the movie , that a man with a memory disorder becomes a hired killer because he 'll never feel guilty about what he ca n't remember , might have been interesting if it had been taken advantage of . Unfortunately , I think the precept probably never actually made its way onto the screenwriter 's desk.The film makers wanted to do something different by starting at the end and moving the the beginning . Well , I guess they did something that had n't been done before . Perhaps they should have thought a little about why it had n't been done before . The sum effect for me was simply irritating , as I was forced to watch the same footage over and over again , as it eventually lengthened to the beginning -LRB- which was actually at the end -RRB- . Did you get all that?The acting was ok , but who cares in a movie so annoying and stupid . Do n't buy this movie , do n't even bother to watch . If my review still has n't clarified the movie for you , just go to a thesaurus and look up all of the synonyms for pretentious and stupid . Then you will know all about Momento .
 I only watched half of it . I tried , but this is a boring excercise in trying to figure out what 's going on in a story that starts at the end and brings you back to `` what happened '' by taking back to the beginning scene by scene in reverse order . If those scenes had been intereting in themselves maybe I 'd have stuck it out , but for the hour that I sat through , this movie was a big yawner .
 We have been sent a DVD that is for Region 1 ... . therefore we can not play it in Australia . Amazon should be aware of this and make sure that the correct DVDs are sent to the relevant regions .
 The premise is simply not believable . The idea that tattoos and notes on Polaroid pictures could be an adequate information storage and retrieval mechanism for carrying out even the simplest of daily tasks is hardly worth dispelling , but after noting 10 or 20 instances in the first hour of the movie in which the protagonist generated `` new '' memory I stopped watching . Running the plot backward in time adds eccentricity and confusion , but little else to the movie .
 I have tried to watch this movie 2 or 3 times and ca n't get past the forst thirty minutes , makes no sense to me or my wife and friends , I guess I will try to watch it again .
 HEre we go . THings are funny sometimes . Only because a director chose to tell the history BACKWARDS , people say it 's a masterpiece !! Go figure why !! This is a silly movie , witha lot of bad taste , with an evils kin around it . Pearce 's character is obnoxious , as almost most characters he plays . THere 's absolutely no dificult to follow the backwards plot , it 's just annoying . Blergh !
 I heard this was such a good movie but I did not like it ... kind of depressing and weird . Thanks ,
 The only good thing about having short term memory loss would be the viewer would forget this crappy , boring , overated movie .
 What a pretentious mess . . I was forced to watch this tribute to pain by a relative who thinks this film is `` so wonderful and innovative '' . FAH ! How can a film be boring and irritating at the same time ? The plot revolves around some doofus trying to find his wife 's killer , but not like Mannix . He stumbles about in a haze due to the fact that he has no long term memory
 I positively hated this movie . I do not know how Hollywood puts money behind such awful stuff . I understand the premise , but I hated nonetheless . Utterly incomprehensible with characters you could care less about . If you buy or rent this movie , prepare yourself for a downer .
 There was nothing about memento that I likes . Well the acting by Pearce was very good but the plot was not that good . All I see is a psychotic guy who ca n't remember anything . He writed on himself ... weird
 Interesting concept - I liked the way they backpedaled through the story . All in all , though , it left me cold , confused , and unfulfilled .
 this movie is based on a cool concept andyou would think it would be really good.However , it is the most boring movie i haveever seen .
 Way overrated and not worth the time . Joe Pantoliano is usually good -LRB- even when the film is n't -RRB- only this time it 's not his fault at all -- because there is n't much for him to do.The gimmick -LRB- short term memory loss -RRB- would have worked had the film been no more than thirty minutes -RRB- alas , this thing drags on and on.How often can you sit through the same scene over and over and over and over ... By the time this flick ended I did n't care who did what to whom .
 Deed chu eber watch a moovee and ask chu self , `` What dee heck deed I juss watch ? '' . Chu weel if chu watch Momento . I dun know what dee begeening , I dun know what dee end , I dun eben know what in between . It juss about a crazee hoto who dun know chit . I say it crazee movie , I no like .
 I seem to be one of few in my opinion of this movie which is that it 's not a good movie . I felt the movie was boring and lacking of a good plot . I bought the movie believing it was a really good movie based on what I had heard but was really disapointed once I watched the movie . This movie in my opinion is very overrated .
 I felt very conflicted about this movie . On the plus side : The cinematography was decent . The tension and suspense were palpable . The acting was excellent . the plot twists were mesmerizing . So why only 2 stars?The whole plot of this movie was that the main character suffered an accident that leaves him unable to create new memories after the murder of his wife . So he goes around taking snapshots of everything and tatooing notes on himself so that he can `` remember '' clues he finds while trying to solve and vindicate his wife 's murder . Every time he meets someone new he tells them about his memory problem and that he wo n't remember them the next time . So you never know if he can trust the people around him or not.Sounds good right ? But think about it - it does n't make sense . If he 's unable to make new memories since the accident then how does he remember the fact that he had an accident and that he has this memory disorder ? These would have to have been facts he accquired after the accident . Hmmm . How does he even remember that his wife was murdered in the first place?So this movie , though well shot and well acted , leaves me cold because of a plot hole so huge you could drive a mack-truck through it .
 At the end of this movie , you 're supposed to go `` Wow ! That 's brilliant ! '' Instead , I was quite glad that it was over . It starts off with an interesting enough premise , but quickly gets way too wrapped up in its own clever structure and plot twists , and ends up degenerating into an experiemntal wank . I like smart movies , but this one just tries way too hard . I emerged from it feeling like I had just been forced into a duel with the director , with him trying to outsmart me every step back of the way when all I was looking for was a couple hours ' entertainment . In the end , he succeeds in showing how clever he is , but does so at the expense of a good movie .
 Where is the clever ending ? The entire movies builds to something you think you would never expect . I never expected such a bad ending . The ending is anticlimactic at best .
 Yet another movie that I sat through on board this long airline flight ... Basically , the movie plays backwards , in bits and pieces . The story is a of a man with no ability to form new memories who is nevertheless obsessed with seeking revenge against the killers of his wife . And all the screwups he makes as a result.As the story unwinds and we find out more and more of the stories of the various people flashing through the life of this man , we also find out that EVERYBODY in the movie is a bad guy/gal , except perhaps the murdered wife . And so at the end of the movie , there is simply this empty feeling of disaffection for all of the characters and the movie as a whole.And I have a headache , probably from being into the 10th hour of sleep deprivation on this airplane flight , but also probably from having just solved the tortuous mental puzzle of this movie and then realizing , oh , geez , what a waste of time that was . Well , if you are stuck on an airplane and it comes free with the flight , maybe it is n't quite that bad . Hence two stars instead of one . But I would n't watch this movie again if I had better things to do .
 This movie had the advantage with the good story , but was ruined with the bad directing , or acting , and the lack of excitement . It was just too boring , nothing was going on , the story did n't make any progress . The lack of enthusiam in the acting was also a problem . Could have been good , but too boring .
 Intresting premise that loses its ' luster halfway through the film . What we 're left with is boring acting , and some predictable twists . Decent directing keeps it from one star , but just barely . This is just more overrated junk like The Shining and The Matrix . Avoid if you know what 's good for you .
 I really hated the movie ... so i ca n't judge it since its all about the taste ... but then again come on what happend to the dvd options ??? really poor features but the movie was bad anyways ... so u would not really expect cool features
 ... or he may kill the same person many times over.I saw this movie in a theater and in a few hours completely forgot about it , until month later , when visiting the same theater suddenly recognized it among the playing features . Perhaps the film had so powerful an effect that it caused in me a condition , similar to one of the protagonist -LRB- at least in relation to the contents of the movie itself -RRB- . Or may be it was a lack of emotional depth , unrelated shallow characters , and complete absence of purpose that left me nothing to remember . I tend to believe it was the latter.Two stars for an honest attempt at originality .
 If you 're looking at the limited edition disc of this movie , it 's a safe bet you 're familiar with the movie , plot , acting etc etc. . So I 'll focus on the discs themself . The first disc is fine , the menu I can understand . But when you get to the commentary ... that 's when we start to slide down the surface of things . See ... at the last 15 minutes ... the track is backwards . Like something out of Twin Peaks but not played forward and without subtitles . Too bad we ca n't play it in reverse and hear what Mr. Nolan is saying . For all I know he could be making fun of us for buying this overpriced coaster and listening to his commentary spoken backwards.The second disc is a mess . I was able to find the movie played in chronilogical order , but in the week I had it -LRB- I sold it and bought the normal version -RRB- I could n't even access the trailer . You have to take these tests and if you answer wrong you go to backwards , and there are soooo many questions that it 's hard to keep track of the path you 're on . I was also able to see the foreign posters and a special that was on IFC . Rumor has it that there are more features but I could n't find them . It 's a great idea ... but it 's too dang complicated . I do n't mind the occasional easter egg on a disc but when the whole disc is one ? Forget it . Call me old fashioned but I am happy with my normal not so fancy version of the movie where I can access the trailer , and TV spot and original short story without going through hoops and laddrers . Ugh . I think I know why this is limited edition ... because it will create many ticked off viewers . Like I said though ... the movie is great , just not the Special Edition disc set .
 The movie was enjoyable , good performance by pierce . You all forget the biggest hole . HOW DOES HE REMEMBER HIS CONDITION !? Good premise is ruined by bad script !
 This movie is enjoyable up till the ending . The ending is horrible , though ! It destroys the character 's believability . There are other movies like this
 Although it 's based on an interesting concept -- that of short-term memory loss -- I have difficulty understanding why anyone likes this film . It 's very violent , plus the nature of the story requires the same scenes to be played over and over . Enough already ! We got the point ! The same point could be made in a much more interesting fashion . The production was fine , but overall I found this film to be a real downer .
 Remember the Dana Carvey comedy `` Clean Slate '' ? if not you probably wo n't mind that Momento is the non-comedy version of this Dana Carvey dud . The plot is fine , the acting is fine , the backwards story is n't as good as the backward episode of Seinfeld , but still fun . Basically this movie got some good hype early on , and has been too ARTSY for anyone to disagree . Not a waste of money , but not nearly as fresh or clever or new as it would like to be . A solid movie borrowing heavily from other sources . If one is not familiar with these other works , I am sure Momento is compelling , on the other hand , anyone who watches TV or film regularly will be dissapointed .
 Excrutiating . Boring . Pointless . These are the adjectives that beat like a slow loungy postmodern wipeout in my brain from 5 minutes into this mess . I know I was supposed to like it because all my male friends with scruffy French-influenced facial hair and all my female friends with rings in their nose said it was the bomb . But my patience with a movie that wo n't meet me half way is nil to begin with . I could hear the director saying , `` Forget 'em if they ca n't take a joke ! It does n't have to make sense , it 's art ! '' all the way through.I do n't care if `` there is no flaw '' as the spammer says . Do n't care if it was a dazzling job of direction and editing . Do n't care if the main actor was convincing in a sweaty desperate way that we 've all come to love since Survivor hit the air . Because of the structure , none of it makes sense for more than 30 seconds at a time . That seems to be the point . Let 's make a movie that does n't hang together . We are way more lost than the narrator , who at least may have had the luxury of asking the director what he meant be all that . It is a pinata of a film
 This movie was boring strange and we were unable to follow it . Did not watch it . Would not recommend viewing
 anyone who thinks this movie was good or `` artistic '' is kidding themselves .
 One of the worst movies I 've seen , and it looked really cool from the preview . The first 45 min - boring , boring , boring , repetitive , boring . I ca n't believe a movie like this gets higher stars than Tombstone or 300 .
 i gave this one plenty of chance but it proved to be a total violent psychotic junk . why do they make such bad movies . waste of money .
 Now you can go on all you want and say `` Oh he 's just a kid , what does he know ? '' . But I 'm telling you I 'm not a kid . I rented this film after seeing something on TV about it and it was n't bad . I found it quite involving how Leonard , a man with short-term memory loss has to write things down on paper and gather as many clues as he can to solve the mystery of who murdered his wife . But It 's a shame that so many people find it acceptable to find a film that has been edited this way so interesting . It demands too much concentration and attention . Unfortunately it requires multiple viewings to understand the story . This has been made unecessarily difficult to understand simply for the sake of gaining bloated recognition . This is more of a puzzle than a proper film .
 Guy Pearce and Joe Pantoliano star in this strange and difficult movie to follow about a man who is hunting for his wife 's killer . Leonard Shelby -LRB- Pearce -RRB- is obsessed with finding the man who murdered his wife . However , due to the trauma he suffered during the struggle to save his wife , he now suffers from short term memory loss . Due to this condition , he 's only able to remember names , events , and places for a very short time before he completely forgets them . He has resorted to taking polaroids , writing notes , and even tattooing messages on his body.Joe Pantoliano stars as Teddy , a person who befriends Leonard and tries to help him find the killer . But is Teddy all that he seems to be?I found this movie to be very hard to understand . In reality , it was made backwards ; with the ending shown first , and the film then works backwards to the start . It was hard to keep track of the plot , and I really had to `` work '' to watch the movie and keep track of the events . Some parts of the movie were good , but when the conclusion came , I was left with just as many questions as I was at the beginning -LRB- or should I say end ? -RRB- . Thus , I only recommend this movie to people who have a sharp sense of detail , and who can follow events very closely .
 Memento a Film with a simple story but with the intention of telling it in a such a complicated way as to add frustration to the viewer . The Big Gimmick here is that the Plot is presented in reverse and to add to the Chaos and Turmoil the Scene Repetition and the ability to hear the Character 's Thought 's ... very Confusing and Annoying , and the same thing goes for the DVD ... a Big Confusing Puzzle ! ... no Thanks !
 The story of two people on a journey to find their home is poignant and familiar to most of us - we 've all looked for a home at one time . The lead characters give viewers an interesting take on this search , but the remaining ones are exaggerated and uninteresting stereotypes -LRB- far-out college professor , loud-mouth redneck , etc. -RRB- who contribute nothing original to the story . Overall the movie is just tedious and I found myself hoping that it would end sooner rather than later .
 Rented this flick recently . I think the critics liked it , but I just did n't get it . Bored in the first 30 minutes , never recovered . Maybe I 'm just too shallow to get it . Lol .
 Not even two percent of what American Beauty was . Just goes to show you how important the script is . And someone on hereactually said this movie was believable ? Almost none of the minor characters were believable at all .
 I like many traveling , quirky , independent , romantic comedies , but ` Away We Go ' falls flat . The only people who could enjoy this film are those who find Jim from ` The Office ' adorable . While the movie is a good vehicle for the likeable , big-lug-of-a-guy , it really does n't offer much else.An early-30s , couple discover they are going to be parents and search for a good place to plant roots . They bounce from family member to friends around the US and Canada . After each stop , I was left wondering how two , fairly likeable characters resulted from such anoying dysfunction.Sam Mendes direction offers pleasant sights and sounds through their travels . The film tries to fit somewhere in ` The Graduate ' , ` Flirting with Disaster ' realm . Unlike those enjoyable movies , ` AWG ' presents characters who become less interesting as the film progresses . The comedic moments seem forced and the ` crazy ' characters are FAR too over-the-top . As I hit my 40s , my taste in young , romantic comedy may be dated . Perhaps , I 'm beginning to lose touch with the post-genXers . But , if this is what passes for modern romantic comedy , maybe I 've officially moved into a different stage of my life .
 We rented this based on the positive reviews ... i wish i had more energy to give this a thorough review . there are some decent parts in the movie , but there are so many cliches and John is basically playing his Office character with a disguise on ... its gets very boring and tiresome . Not worth your time .
 It 's an Indie film yes , what else do you think Jeff Daniels -LRB- from the awesome Indie The Squid and the Whale fame -RRB- is doing here in a pipsqueak role.I 'm a big fan of the director . Away We Go is a film based on two characters who 're not going to marry each other just yet but are having a baby . Very indecisive . On not such a trademarkable side note , I have noticed Sam Mendes is making films in which women drive the relationship more so than the man , the man takes a backseat being patient and about as kind-hearted and `` go with the flow '' nice as they might come . The guy from the tv show `` the office '' is a great actor , he 's the saving grace of the film . Let me examine or try to exemplify why I gave this film two stars , I strongly suggest you steer clear from this film.Not a bad cast . Just a particularly unmoving subject . I can understand the first time parent 's dilemma and theimportance of this film and how expectant parents might relate but even this and even then , it 's a particularly useless film that lacks flavor , insight , character growth , good humor , people you can relate with and I lost interest within fifty minutes.First , Revolutionary Road , now this , I really do n't know what Mr. Mendes is trying to achieve but he 's losing out on some of his fans -LRB- like me -RRB- who think he made the best film they 've seen . American Beauty.Verdict
 I read the script -LRB- published by Vintage ; you can find it here on Amazon -RRB- and thought it was awful , but still decided to give the movie a chance . I 'm glad I did - the actors gave 110 % , and the movie was certainly better due to certain parts of the original script being cut . However -- it still seems like the characters are never fully developed , with the exception of Verona -- facing the ghosts of her past helps her become a more three-dimensional character . But by the end , I still did n't know Burt . The last 30 min of the movie , where he 's angry that his sister-in-law has abandoned his brother and their child , seemed to only scratch the surface . I feel somewhat cheated . I saw someone post on IMDb somewhere that Burt 's brother 's story , in fact , would have been a better story to explore . Having seen the movie , I agree . Burt asks the question
 I know a lot of people like this film so this review may get disregarded right away . I go on the record stating that I loved `` Napoleon Dynamite '' , `` The Tao of Steve , '' `` Rushmore '' and many other indie-type films . This movie seemed to be trying too hard to be likeable and quirky and the result , IMHO , did not pay off . We 've seen directionless characters like this before -LRB- anyone spend any time with '70s cinema ? -RRB- and more likeable as well . I just did not care . As someone who was about to become a father when watching this I thought it would matter more but ultimately it did not . Nothing interesting here , just monotonous characters whining their way throught the film . Oh how unjust life is ...
 Away We Go is just depressing ! I expected to like it , I wanted to like it but this flawed , lonely couple and the obnoxious families and friends they meet along their journey left me in a major funk !
 A preposterous film that is n't funny at all . A very strange set of characters chasing , well , who knows what . It tries to hard to be quirky and to emulate the `` Juno '' soundtrack with its acoustic indie rock background score.It did n't score with me.I think I 'd rather have my teeth drilled without Novocaine than to have to watch this boring flop of a movie again .
 I 'm sorry ... I really looked forward to seeing this flick with Jon Krasinski , my personal favorite from The Office , but from the start it was lewd , rude and crude . Cut right to Jim Gaffigan who really can get me laughing got me totally depressed as the husband with no cajones . Maybe it got better after half way through , but for me it was n't worth the wait . Like I say , So Many Movies , So Little Time .
 This could have been a fun story about a couple looking for the support of family and finally finding it . Instead it indulged in loads of sexually crude language and unnecessarily explicit imagery -LRB- with the opening shot of the male lead 's head stuck between the female lead 's legs -RRB- . Any married family or friends they went to visit were either vile , totally negative , weird , or sexual deviants . The only amusing scene to me was at the home of a childhood friend who had fanatically turned to natural childrearing techniques.Mendes contributes again to an attack on marriage . Ugh .
 I still have not recieved this DVD . It 's now been over a month and my patience with this seller is slim to none . I 've sent an e-mail last week and still have not recieved any response . Please take care of this issue .
 After 10 minutes I gave up on the film . Why ? One reason , the lead actress is extremely unattractive . Why would Sam Mendes do this ? Was it because Kate Winslet told him he is not allowed to work with attractive women anymore after the young girl in `` american beauty '' ? Is this why they have now broken up?I love Jim from the office , John Kranski , but lost respect for his character in the opening scene , cmon man , you can do better.One star as amazon wo n't allow no star.I heard it was funny.I like Sam Mendes.The girl was very unattractive and I like looking at gorgeous girls when I watch a film .
 I want to give this DVD more stars b/c Darshan is a great dancer & lovely human being ... but as an Instructional DVD it was a waste of money.World Dance NY 's more recent products have improved . This was one of their earlier efforts and suffers from terrible production.In many of the scenes , the image of Darshan is super-imposed over a digitalized backdrop . Imagine small dancer image against spinning magenta or neon green spirals and trying to learn moves from that . It is just plain hard on the eyes . In fact , I watched this DVD once then gave it away b/c it literally hurt my eyes to watch . The psychedelic spinning backdrops reminded me of bad acid.Darshan is wonderful ... but if you want a DVD to learn & practice dance ... I suggest Ariella , Elisheva , Anasama , or Love Potion DVDs which all have much better production.Happy Dancing !
 Hard to follow routines , no explaination on how to do the moves and frankly no incentive to want to do them . Boring . One for the trash can
 I bought this DVD with Sera 's `` East Coast Tribal '' DVD to help facilitate my at-home practice and I have to admit that it is dull in comparison . The combos are less than stimulating and the crazy lava-lamp background really is distracting from Darshan 's teaching technique . Unlike Sera 's smooth , graceful combos , Darshan 's seem to be a bit tame and boring . Most of them are variations on ATS movements -LRB- arabic hip twist , for one -RRB- that you can find on Fatchance DVDs or are small isolation combos that you could feasibly make up at home.The one that that is amazing on this DVD is her performance pieces . Darshan really is an amazing dancer and well worth watching ... but I have to admit that her lovely performance was n't enough for me to keep this DVD.I WOULD suggest this DVD for its drills and combos for a beginner , however , since they 're simple and clear-cut . However , if you 're an experienced dancer who is looking to expand your horizons , I would suggest looking elsewhere .
 After falling in lust with Arnold Vosloo as Imhotep in `` The Mummy '' , I quickly tried to find more films with him in them . Unfortunately he was unable to raise the believability and entertainment level in this movie , although he does portray a sexy yet chilling serial killer . With such talented actors as Vosloo and Gary Busey , I was expecting a decent movie , but as soon as I saw Michael Madsen was in it , I should have realized it was n't even a B movie . It was worth watching only because of the screen time Arnold is in it . If you are not a Vosloo fan , take my advice and skip it !! There are better ways to spend a couple of hours - chiefly , seeing `` The Mummy '' yet again in a comfortable air conditioned movie theatre .
 A saturday night walk to our local video store was about to change my girlfriend and my own life forever . Whilst browsing the shelves at the store we noticed ` Diary of a serial killer ' staring screen legend mr gary busey . Once we arrived home we popped the dvd in the machine and off we went . Well , were do i start . This is without doubt the most badly acted and appalling movie ever made . Please find listed our reasons for hating this film : - 1 -RRB- GARY BUSEY ... his wooden acting is hilarious , check out some of his reactions when facing a deadly serial killer , like he has just met his granny for tea . He shows no real emotion when find dead bodies ... his TEETH ... his awful cheesy grins ... his chunky brown cords 2 -RRB- THE MISTAKES ... plastic bottle ... putting in a stunt double for busey , with the most ridiculous wig on , check out when busey is knocked down by vosloo at the end ... its not him lying there . 3 -RRB- THE EXTRAS 4 -RRB- THE DIALOGUE ... for example ` i 'm hungry , i 'd like a hot dog ` THIS IS THE WORST FILM EVER MADE AND WE HAVE WATCHED IT 30 TIMES OR MORE IN 3 MONTHS ... BUSEY < YOU ARE SO RUBBISH < YOU KEN BARLOW LOOKALIKE
 With Gary Busey and Arnold Vosloo starring and a great story idea , how could this movie go so wrong ? Simple . With a script that ca n't live up to its full potential and weak directing that leaves these talented and charismatic actors with egg on their faces.Throughout this movie , lines are forced and emotional outbursts come flying out of nowhere . At times the actors are left to grope for a connection , or worse , they are made to violate their instincts , turning powerful moments into awkward ones.Like harpies from the sky , these senseless moments make the viewer want to run screaming for shelter . What seemed like a promising thriller of intrigue and insanity turned out to be a disappointing groaner of missed marks and flat presentation.It 's always a shame when such awesome actors have been wasted , but they say that any experience is a good one if you learn a valuable lesson . I sincerely hope so , but I want to know `` Is it too early to do a re-make ? ''
 Sad to see such wasted talent as Arnold Vosloo -LRB- who is horribly miscast as a far too attractive and far from menacing serial killer -RRB- in this unfortunate excuse for a psychological thriller . If , like me , you have recently become a fan of this sexy and darkly intense actor since this summer 's mega-hit `` The Mummy '' , you will be pleased at the amount of screen time and dialogue he has but sorely disappointed if you are a fan of the psychological thriller genre . Gary Busey seems to sleepwalk through the movie when any other journalist would likely be traumatized at being stalked by a serial killer . More interviews with the killer would have provided more insight into this character . Lots of potential for an interesting study of the mind of a killer , but somebody missed the boat on that one . In short , if you 're a Vosloo fan , give it a look but if you 're a psychological thriller movie fan , give it a definite pass !!!
 This is , by far , one of the worst movies I have seen . I had hopes for the movie based on the initial credits - Gary Busey , Michael Madsen -LRB- who I like , rasberries to all of those who do n't like his acting -RRB- . The movie starts out in a transvestite cabaret , with of all people - RUPAUL - aargh!Then we are treated to a very frumpy looking Garey Busey in drag , not a pretty site at all -LRB- joke intended -RRB- . Even cheesier is that instead of wiring himself to record conversations , Busey holds a giant tape recorder at his side and MIRACULOUSLY ENOUGH , gets PERFECT SOUND QUALITY OF A CONVERSATION 15 FEET AWAY!Two scenes in this movie creeped me out , but I do n't think this was intentional on the part of the director . ONE
 Gary Busey and Arnold Vosloo star in this lukewarm thriller , diminished by a pedestrian script and its failure to really be a `` diary '' . We do n't really find out why Vosloo does what he does . While Vosloo 's performance is effectively chilling , Busey is horribly miscast . His journalist role is weakly performed , and little conviction is evidenced in his relationship with Vosloo or his live in girl friend -LRB- the lovely Julia Campbell -RRB- . Add Michael Masden -LRB- B movie 's Bruce Willis -RRB- as a cop whose daughter was killed by a serial killer and Reno Wilson as his obligatory African American partner , and the soup thickens . Masden sleepwalks and Wilson tries to be Ice T. Wilson 's actions at the end of the movie are highly unprofessional and hard to swallow.This could have been a better movie with a tighter script and someone else in Busey 's role .
 I rented this just to see Arnold Vosloo . He looks great , but the movie is dumb . I 'm not a horror fan , so I ca n't compare this film to others in the genre , but the story is pretty weak . And Gury Busey is fat and sluggish in his role -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- . I could n't believe how weak his character is ... especially in the scene where he stands there and evespdrops during a murder . I kept shouting `` do something ! '' . Even Arnold loses his edge sometimes when the script calls for him too talk to much ... sometimes less is more . But if you are a Vosloo fan , you ca n't miss this one .
 ... - the production is flat & lacking in energy -LRB- especially in the chorus numbers `` See That Building '' & `` I Hear America Singing/All the Livelong Day '' -RRB- and sets look cheap . And some of the actors are miscast or ca n't sing very well . It would have been much better filmed in performance with an audience instead of an empty studio.I happen to have done this musical & like it , but this is just an OK production . Fans of the show will want to buy it as it 's the only `` movie '' version available.There are standout performances - Barbara Hershey as a vulnerable hooker , Eileen Brennan as an exhausted millworker , Edie McClurg as a perky operator , Charles `` Hill St Blues '' Haid as the mischievous `` gas man , '' Charles Durning as a retiree , and James Taylor adds a nice touch as he sings something he actually wrote for the show -LRB- `` Brother Trucker '' -RRB- . But there are also annoying , jarring or boring performances , like Beth Howland as the housewife & Didi `` Grease '' Conn as a receptionist - both of them breathy & nasal.Some actors push it too hard - seems like most were cast because they were the `` hot A list '' for the moment -LRB- i.e. the late 70s -RRB- which makes the show a little dated . It would have been better casting some unknowns -LRB- but great singers from Broadway -RRB- . So `` Where Are They Now ? '' - Eileen Brennan ? Barbara Barrie ? Beth Howland ? Didi Conn ? Matt Landers ? Vernee Watson-Johnson ? Good thing they did n't make an album of this soundtrack - its thin singing & orchestrations pale in comparison to the original cast album of 1978 , which has much better singers -LRB- like Bob Gunton & David Patrick Kelley -RRB- and there 's more excitement , feeling & fullness in the songs.Interesting note
 This is a terrible , dated 70 's version of the musical . I was so disappointed when I watched it . h Only half the music is in there and the same goes for the monologues . Really bad , REALLY , REALLY BAD .
 This PBS production for American Playhouse is basically just a filmed version of the songs and monologues that make up the Broadway musical WORKING . Unfortunately , the film lacks most of the energy or the excitement of the live version . There are still some wonderful performances , most notably Rita Moreno as the Waitress singing `` It 's An Art '' , Eileen Brennan as the tired factory worker , Barbara Hershey as the prostitute , Patti Labelle as the cleaning woman and Barry Bostwick as the steelworker singing `` Fathers & Sons '' . Overall , the acting is stronger than the singing -LRB- except for in Labelle 's case , where the opposite is true -RRB- and the actors , while well cast , are not helped by awkward transitions and poor directing.The big cast musical numbers that open and close the show are totally lacking in energy , mostly due to the fact that they are stagnant -LRB- no musical staging -RRB- , probably because the director did n't know how to film movement.This is only interesting for those who want to have a record of the material -LRB- songs and monologues -RRB- that comprise the show.It would be nice if someone were to film a stage production of this show and edit it properly . That would make for a much more interesting viewing .
 I was excited to watch this video ; I absolutely LOVED the soundtrack CD with the original cast.YUCK ! I HATED the video . It was like watching a Sesame Street version of the show . Caricatures and stereotypes , nothing like the intelligence and deep emotion of the original cast.Sorry . I thought this video was a joke . Like some low budget made-for-TV PBS time-filler . Like `` The Ten Commandments '' , reenacted by the cast of the Brady Bunch .
 I would give the movie five stars - it is one of my favorite silent films - but the low rating is for the Alpha DVD . It is of a bad print , very dark and scratchy . But the worst is the dreary , monotonous organ score - absolutely horrible ! As a longtime fan of silent films , I believe firmly that a quality musical score is essential to our enjoyment , particularly of a lengthy drama such as this one . Choose either the Kino or the Image DVD .
 Impossible to enjoy this DVD due to terrible , washed-out , fussy print.Film needs major restoration !!!
 Impossible to enjoy this DVD due to terrible , washed-out , fussy print.Film needs major restoration !!!
 Buy the dvd version only ! Amazon is allowing this rip off to be sold . I do n't know why-it 's a piss pour copy from old tape and has no sound track ! How could you even allow this dreck ?
 I am a huge fan of the Fox musicals of the 1930s , 1940s and some from the 1950s - especially those starring Alice Faye , Sonja Henie , Betty Grable , Carmen Miranda and Marilyn Monroe . The Girl Next Door features two talented and pleasant stars in Dan Dailey and June Haver and the color looks great , but the songs , the dance routines and the cartoon sequences are surprisingly uninspired . Add Dennis Day to the mix , and the film suffers even more . I never understood his appeal . When I think of Dan Dailey , Mother Wore Tights and When My Baby Smiles At Me comes to mind . June Haver shines in The Dolly Sisters , I Wonder Who 's Kissing Her Now and Look For The Silver Lining -LRB- at Warners -RRB- . With great musicals as these waiting for release , I wonder why this minor effort made it to DVD ? I guess it 's worth watching if you truly love movie musicals , but I ca n't imagine ever sitting through it again .
 Worst waste of money I 've spent in a long while . Poor quality , very boring , shut it off before halfway point .
 Total waste of time and 4 dollars , if you dont have nothing to watch , watch the Teletubies instead of this , incredible boring , cheap , no content movie.Ps
 Yikes ! We 're in trouble here ... `` SmackDown '' produces one of the weirdest PPVs in the history of the company , and `` RAW '' fails to live up to its excellent TV shows for their July PPV . Someone 's got ta get their hands dirty , so here we go : ***** GREAT AMERICAN BASH 2004 ***** The WWE decided to bring back the acclaimed WCW milestone event after a 5-year absence . And they could n't have picked a more bizarre event to do it . Every trick was pulled out of the hat , and very little of it worked.To be fair , there are two excellent matches on this PPV.First is a fantastic Cruiserweight Title Match between Rey Mysterio and Chavo Guerrero . While not quite as great as their `` No Way Out 2004 '' encounter , it blows their 2006 matches out of the water . The crowd was a little quiet , but who cares ? It 's just too bad that this one is also on Mysterio 's `` Biggest Little Man '' 3-disc set.The other worthy contest is the Texas Bullrope Match between JBL and Eddie Guerrero -LRB- the WWE champion -RRB- . While not as gruesome as their `` Judgment Day '' match -LRB- it 's still the bloodiest match I ever saw -RRB- , this rematch is much better . The bullrope allows for unique offense and strategy from both men , and the four-corners stipulation was utilized well . The action was stiff and rough , and the finish was a great example of how to anger an audience while keeping them happy . It 's just too bad that this great match began 9 months of JBL as WWE champion . Man , those were some poor months.The rest of the card is almost a complete waste of time.Let 's get right to it : The main event was a Handicap Match to determine whether Paul Bearer was to be murdered or not . WHAT !? That 's right , Paul Heyman tried to convince Undertaker to lose to The Dudley Boyz in order to forever control the `` Dead Man '' . What resulted was a dull contest with Heyman occasionally yelling into the microphone to break up the action . And after Undertaker manages to defeat the bad guys , and stop Heyman from emtombing Bearer in a Concrete Crypt ... . Undertaker sadly kills him anyway . O-Kay . The opener is a basic Elimination Match for the US Title ; with the likes of Booker T , Rob Van Dam , Rene Dupree , and John Cena , you 'd think that they could 've come up with something better than a bunch of one-on-one skirmishes . There 's almost no multi-man action . Oh well , at leat it 's sensible strategy.Charlie Haas is forced to wrestle Luther Reigns after ticking off GM Kurt Angle . The two created a decent contest together . I suppose another marquee match would be Torrie Wilson against Sable in USA bikini attire . Too bad it 's among Torrie 's worst matches , and THAT is saying something.What it comes down to is that `` Great American Bash 2004 '' is a bland , dark , and strange PPV . Ultimately , it 's boring except for two Match-of-the-Year candidates . __________________________________________ ***** VENGEANCE 2004 ***** `` SmackDown '' was having a rough year in the WWE after the draft , but `` RAW '' was actually producing some good events and TV shows . It makes `` Vengeance '' all the more disappointing , considering what the brand was capable of.Matt Hardy and Kane had a boring angle involving Lita , and their No-DQ Match was proof of that . I ca n't believe WWE included this on the `` Twist of Fate '' 2-disc set for the Hardys . Definitely not a good showcase for these two talented performers.Victoria against Molly Holly in a # 1 Contender Match should 've been incredible . Instead , it was sloppy and uneventful.Even Evolutions 's four matches on the card did n't meet expectations.Chris Jericho was dominated in a punch/kick/headlock match against Batista . Jericho is a legend , and Batista was putting on good performances before his first title win months later , so I do n't know what happened here.Ric Flair was teamed with Eugene to challenge La Resistance for the World Tag Team Titles . Flair is hilarious when he 's upset , and Eugene was kinda funny at this point . But this match showed how poorly developed the tag division was , and it was mainly used to portray Evolution 's attempt to dominate `` RAW '' . Intriguing , but forgettable.Where I find the most problems with `` Vengeance 2004 '' is with the IC Title Match between Edge and Randy Orton . First off , having Orton end his 7-month reign agaisnt Edge -LRB- already a three-time IC champ -RRB- was pointless . There was no reason for Edge to hold the belt , especially because he got injured shortly after winning it . But more importantly , the match is just too slow-paced , and not in a good way . I can understand that maybe I expected too much of a crazy back-and-forth contest between these younger talents . But it seemed that Orton was deliberately ignoring the `` BORING '' chants just to tick us off . Overall , it 's a decent match , but I think it 's less well-received than some reviewers would have you believe.Thankfully , the main event is an excellent World Heavyweight Championship match with Triple H and champion Chris Benoit . For almost 30 minutes , these two warriors used smart old-school wrestling to battle for the gold . It might be a little patience-testing seeing HHH keep the advantage over Benoit for the length of time that he does , and some may frown at Eugene being the key factor in the finish . But otherwise , I think it 's the best one-on-one between Chris Benoit and Triple H , and they had some pretty good ones together.But the main event is n't enough to justify buying `` Vengeance '' . It looks like a great card , but it 's not even close . `` RAW '' had a great TV show in 2004 , but their PPVs began to falter for the rest of the year . Also , considering this PPV series had some great moments -- -LRB- Jericho winning the Undisputed Title in 2001 , or my all-time favorite Tag Team Match from 2003 , or the Match-of-the-Year candidates from the other years -RRB- -- the 2004 event does n't measure up . _________________________________________________ Let 's keep this clear
 most of the movie consists of a timeline of events ... kennedy assassinated , man lands on the moon , etc. ; a bit about the authors experience in attending woodstock ... such nuggets as , left early , missed a lot of great music , then interviews with people at lame attempted woodstock reunions . almost impossible to watch
 Be careful buying used copies of this DVD . Mine was a bootleg and the `` bootlegger '' neglected to put a copy of OPUS 1 on the DVD . It was the only reason I bought the DVD in the first place .
 Volumes 1 , 2 , and 3 are excellent . This one has a mojor problem . `` They Go Boom '' is WAY out of sync . Word has it that these discs have been recalled and a new corrected one is on the way . Wait for it !
 This item has no spoken dialogue . Disappointed ...
 Lot of people and journalists think this is a great movie , so I bought it . Well , I bought the movie but I could n't watch it actually . Does n't work in my Blu Ray player , as others reviewers here and a couple friends of mine . What a shame people , fix this at once . And send us a standard DVD copy please , The original 's copy buyers are decreasing in the world , at big steps rate , take care with us or we have to change the team .
 My Oppo BD-83 blu ray player has never hit a snag in six months of use -LRB- even when I was using it during their beta program , it played all DVD 's and Blu-Rays -RRB- . Then it met `` Summer . '' The disc started to play a trailer and halted in the middle . Then it jumped to the main menu . There , despite hitting every `` play '' and/or `` select '' button on the remote to advance , it would do nothing except provide the universal circle with the red line through it on the upper left screen . I tried close to 10 times , reloading and so on . Nothing worked . I double-checked live to the Internet for the latest firmware updates . But my player is up to date . When I tried another disc , the player briefly had a problem until I restarted everything again . My player definitely did not like Summer or whatever Fox has put on this disc that is causing the problem . Beware .
 Thank God the company was generous and refunded me plus a free shipping back
 this movie was misrepresented as being a romantic comedy when in fact it was sappy melodrama . About the only funny part of this movie was the very end .
 pls avoid this one.it 's a torture to watch this movie . Its the slowest movie I have ever seen . . I do n't know what others saw in this movie that it deserves 5 stars ...
 The movie starts something like `` This story is entirely fictional . Any resemblence to any persons real or otherwise is entirely coincidental '' Especially you Jenny Soandso . B1tch . '' I see no reason to start a movie by refering to women as female dogs and using profanity to do it . What is the male equivalent - stud ? Which is not profanity ? Listen up Hollywood , ease up on the misogyny and you might get more viewers . Fox Searchlight Pictures ... I mean you . Welcome to the 21st century .
 This was one of the best movies I 've seen in the past few years . I just do n't understand the logic of the Blu-Ray being released on December 22 and this being released January 5th !!!
 At its core , this is a sad and kind of ugly movie . The hero is dumb , and the heroine is a cathartic mess . After the audience spends most of the film watching one glib , funny , cute and / or edgy scene after another , allowing the filmaker to move the audience ever closer towards liking the characters the audience is treated to the funny -LRB- ha-ha -RRB- break-up between the main characters . The filmaker manipulates the audience into buying the story through questioning the POV of the male protagonist . One minute his view of the world around him is OK for story-telling purposes . The next minute the writer changes the channel and the guy is self-deluded . In the end , it looks like we 're supposed to come away thinking the split was a win-win situation for them , sparking some epiphany . I ca n't help but think in the real world one of them would be devastated for more than just a few days -LRB- and that is not `` funny '' -RRB- . The over-arching theme of this film seems to be when it comes to love , it 's `` caveat emptor '' . If you 're told by the object of your affection at the beginning of a relationship that he / she does not want a `` relationship '' , and 18 months later disaster and heartache ensue , you have no one to blame but yourself for taking a chance on pursuing said relationship . One could also say `` hope springs eternal '' , and go for sophisticated laughs when watching the deluded sod see his or her hopes dashed .
 Although beautifully acted and had potential promise to spare , my review of this movie is relegated to this
 The plot for this awful film is simple , boy meets girl , girl dumps boy , boy bellyaches for the rest of the film . The two main actors are horrendous !!! They are at best supporting characters not Star material . Zoey is very beautiful but can only show one emotion which is indifference . Levitt is just painful to watch , I wanted to punch him through the entire film . This movie is full of boring romance film cliche 's . And the cheesy ending , brutal !!! There are way better romantic films to watch with your lady , eternal sunshine of the spotless mind , Charade . Avoid this ridiculous movie .
 So I thought I would get this movie as it looked like a chick flick and from time to time I get one to see with my wife during the evening as a treat to her . I usually view them first . After about 15 minutes of watching this my mind was so numb that it rebelled and I had to shut it off and do something stimulating like doing my taxes which as you can imagine is like wanting to pull out your fingernails . This gives you some idea of how much I liked this movie.Ken
 I got the case , which seemed fine . I opened the case to find a very strange looking DVD . The front was labeled -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer , and I do n't doubt that it was the right disk , but ... The back of the disk was completely warped . It was bumpy and strange looking , almost twisted , yet the disk was n't out of shape . Needless to say , it did n't work .
 If i am asked what is my least favorite movie , then this is the one i say . I ca n't find anything positive to say about this movie . It jumps back and forward so many time that your head is spinning and your completely lost . I 'm just very sorry i wasted my money on this .
 How do I start with describing this crappy movie ? Romantic comedy - huh ? The movie was trying so hard to be interesting and not be a formulaic movie that it ended up being a choppy mess . The whole movie seems like it was shot underwater and the dialog and plot seem to have been written by children . Seriously , I wanted to like this movie ... my wife and I had been waiting for it to come out on Amazon Downloads so we could rent it . Too bad we wo n't ever get that time back . Yuck ! If you HAVE to watch this movie , you will understand why I gave it 1 star . Decent soundtrack , so perhaps just buy the CD Soundtrack and skip the movie .
 It was like watching one long 2 hour conversation between two people . If I wanted that , then why would I watch a whole movie about it ?
 I mean , wow . I 've enjoyed some terrible stuff , but this was just too much . I usually enjoy Jordan Gosef Levinson , but I think Katie Perry is awful . She 's a much better singer.Three glasses of wine in , I still did n't understand it ... why was I watching this trash ? I 'd watch Van Helsing again , but maybe in French , so it 'll be artsy .
 This was a gift for my sister in law who loves this movie . So for that reason I guess it 's great , but I watched it and I would n't buy it . I will never watch it again . So , before buying watch it .
 I do n't understand what the point is.Sure , you 're told straight off the bat `` this is n't a love story '' . But Summer is so flat despite her quirks and enigmatic-y-ism that when she finally makes her decision I did n't really care about her happiness . I do n't want to give anything away , so that 's all I can say.There was some interesting stuff going on in the main man 's story , but his `` revelation '' about his work was n't really that fair , so it also falls flat . You do feel for him , though.YMMV . For me , it was a waste of time .
 The male lead in this film has no personality . Boring . Nothing memorable happens in this film . Would not recommend this film at all . `` Yes Man '' is a better film that contains Zoe Deschanel
 -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is allegedly a quirky romantic comedy . It 's actually the tale of a sad man -LRB- Joseph Gordon-Levitt -RRB- who falls in love with Summer -LRB- Zooey Deschanel -RRB- even though she tells him she 's not into relationships . Then , of course , he gets mad at her for not wanting to be in a relationship and proceeds to mope . The film is slightly bearable because it 's not told in chronological order . The narrative bounces between the happy days -LRB- double digits days of summer -RRB- to the miserable -LRB- far too many -RRB- . It 's clear I was not a fan of this film . I wanted to like it . I laughed a few times , but I never identified with any of the characters . Summer is presented as this magical being who has never paid full price for anything , even an apartment because everyone is so wowed by her . I did n't see it -LRB- no disrespect to Ms. Deschanel , who is lovely , but not so lovely to be the most perfect , idealized woman ever -RRB- . She has no story in this film . She 's new in town , and she has no friends of family , but she also has no depth . The entire film is the self-absorbed tale of Tom -LRB- Gordon-Levitt -RRB- , but it comes off as an incredibly personal story that does not translate into the shared coming of age story and never has the passion to make it an accessible love story . It struck me as the story you write during month two of your broken heart that you later make fun of and ask your friends , `` why did n't you tell me how pathetic and desperate I sounded ? , '' and they remind you that they did just that , but you would n't listen . Tom has two friends , one is Matthew Gray Gubler -LRB- Dr. Reid on Criminal Minds , one of my favorite shows -RRB- who plays the exact same character here.I do n't even think I could recommend seeing this movie , and I know many people loved it . If you want a quirky love story , see Before Sunrise and Before Sunset .
 Title says it all . I hated everything about it . From the stale acting , to the shit writing , to the crappy music . Worst of all , the stupid narrator . God , I hate everything about this movie .
 I was expecting something special given the great critic reviews and user reviews . I found the female lead character unlikeable and unsympathetic . Movie should be rated R , definitely not for children - a number of unnecessarily vulgar scenes are included .
 Although it is commendable that 500 Days does not rely on action such as explosions , crashes , and chases , the movie is completely reliant on the quality of the screenplay which falters in critical aspects . Your first clue as to the script deficiencies is the voice over . Although the voice over is not constant , it is irritating whenever it occurs and red flags holes in the script . Although the idea of skipping randomly between dates in the relationship between the 2 main characters is clever in principle , it is overused and gets monotonous as the movie drones on . About halfway through , you get fidgety and start looking at your watch . Perhaps the most critical failure is the 180 degree shift in Summer 's character by the end of the movie . The first 90 % of the movie gives a detailed character study of a woman who is independent and does n't believe in quaint concepts like love at first sight which is refreshing if not perfectly written . The final part of the movie totally undermines the first 90 % which so painstakingly created Summer 's character . To cap off the disappointment with Summer , the male lead just happens to find a new perfect love of his life named Autumn just as the movie ends . It is far too pat and indicates that the writers -LRB- or studio -RRB- simply chickened out and wanted a totally unconvincing happy ending . You feel cheated and duped at the end which is never a good thing after investing more than 90 minutes .
 This movie was just boring and pointless . It seemed to just go on and on about basically nothing . It was a BIG dissapointment .
 I and my girlfriend had high expectations from this movie , after reading some excellent reviews here and there -LRB- and seeing an 87 % in the tomatometer -RRB- . We were disappointed . Perhaps this was due to high expectations , or maybe this is partly because , as we are immediately informed , `` this is not a love story '' . But mostly because , despite overall good acting and good direction and an uncommon -LRB- although not that original -RRB- structure , we did n't care too much about either characters or about their not-love-story . Both of them look like good-looking 30-year olds , but both behave like 16-year old people , although in different ways.The script is not particularly funny or particularly witty or particularly moving . In all fairness , this not-love-story has the redeeming quality of feeling significantly more real than the stereotyped love stories you can find in 99 % or romantic comedies . However , the script does not go into any uncharted territory . Countless movies have told stories of fate vs will , commitment vs casual relationship , love-at-first-sight , young-people-who-finally-find-their-way-into-life etc etc. . The structure of the movie , with voice-overs , continuous back-and-forth in time and sometimes cartoons and graphic art popping into the picture , are also surely uncommon but all seen before.I guess what bothered me was that this movie was clearly an attempt to tell a different story in a different way but it ended up being a not very compelling story about two not very interesting characters.I am not sure I am sorry I spent a couple of hours watching this movie but I am fairly certain I will not watch it again .
 This is a skeleton of a movie . It 's plot can be described in a series of statements
 I 'm a big fan of Zooey Deschanel in &#34; New Girl &#34; , the genius comedy by Liz Meriwether . So I thought I &#34; d check out another of Zooey 's works . Unfortunately &#34; 500 days &#34; is a rewrite of the age-old &#34; belle dame sans merci &#34; with a few strokes of color and music for added interest . &#34; Summer &#34; is a cold , distant , yet exciting young woman who easily captures the misguided passion of Gordon-Levitt 's character . As she sends him mixed signals , he becomes more smitten , until she suddenly breaks up with him . The end has a redeeming twist in which Tom realizes that he was n't exactly the attentive lover that Summer needed , and their chemistry was n't all that perfect either . Save for that flash of clarity , the rest of the movie is a sickening ride through the angst of unrequited love , which I did n't particularly enjoy . I 'll be sticking to Deschanel 's more flesh-and-blood , lovable character &#34; Jess &#34; !
 Was n't bad . But was n't great . Would n't watch it again . Did n't have anything that stood out to me that would be watchable again . It was so forgettable for me , that after I rented it , I remembered I had already seen it . I watched it anyways because I spent money on it . It was n't fun to sit through twice .
 This movie was awful . I spent the whole movie trying not to hate the main female character , only to find out in the end I might as well have hated her . It was terrible . I think even if the movie had wrapped up neatly with a happy ending and a bow I still would not have liked it because the characters were in no way likable . I could n't even relate to them and say &#34; yeah , I might have done that too . &#34; Please do n't waste your time .
 The movie 500 days of summer was the movie that was really bad movie I did n't enjoy it at all should be destroyed I am glad I did n't buy it
 I never connected with any of the characters . The professional reviews for this movie were good , however when I want to stop watching a movie half way through this is not good . This movie is not worth two hours of your time.Don ' t waste your money on this .
 I have been on a waiting list for months and when I got it I was in the mood for something heart warming smart movie . I wish someone would have told me that this is not a happy movie . Through most of the movie we see the couple falling in love and falling apart . I have meet lots of girls like Summer , and I hate them . They use guys and tell them they are going to do it , and than keep pulling guys in for the kill . I hated waiting that again on the TV screen.I loved the acting and the writing . If I had gone into this movie know that it was going to be a downer but interesting , than I would have been ok with it . But Light warming and fun it was not .
 This movie had all the makings for greatness and a fun movie experience , except that in the end , it became academic , a self-help guide to getting over a relationship with a commitment-phobe who took advantage of the generous heart of an individual who proclaimed with his whole being that he was in love . It seems criminal to indulge in a relationship and lovemaking when in your heart you know that you ca n't see your life going forward with the person . To glamorize and romanticize this in a film was just sad and disappointing . Too bad . There were so many moments in this film that I just loved . It is filled with wonderful detail and sweetness . I particularly loved the Hall & Oates dance sequence . But for all of it 's goodness , it is overwhelmed and washed away when this film ends with a train wreck and the story 's shabby attempt to substitute the mess with a patchwork rainbow .
 I wanted to like this movie but it just did n't happen for me . I ca n't fault Joespeh Gordon-Levitt -LRB- Tom -RRB- , as I thought he did a fine job , I like the character of his little sister and the one truly great moment for me was the nice little dreamy dance number . But ... The story of a romance that does n't work , told through various scenes of their courtship , presented in random non-sequential order . Could be novel , I suppose but my quibbles are with the story . It simply felt hackneyed . All the touchstones that Tom and Summer -LRB- Deschanel -RRB- share that are supposed to be unique seem very immature . What college girl does n't suffer a love of The Smiths ? I can not imagine being thirty and talking about my love of Salinger -LRB- feels a tad immature -RRB- . And liking Edward Hopper ? That 's not some underrated artist that very few would know about . The writer wants this to feel like a fated meeting but they 're all dime-a-dozen references . I would expect something more esoteric , more meaningful if they plan on building a relationship together.And because they both acted they way I remeber acting as a teenager I could never place them . Were they meant to be 20 or 30 ? If they are young then it would be very surprising that a girl so dead-set on independence would change her ways so thouroughly as to become engaged within a few weeks/months . But , at that time I really did n't care as to what was going on . Her character was so off-putting that I was happy he was through with her.This one is a time-waster and I would suggest a pass .
 I repeat my title
 The main protagonist of The Descent , Sarah , does not make it out alive in the first movie . Yet , somehow , she is alive for this sequel . The film is n't bad on it 's own , but it comes with a back story that renders this one impossible . Had Sarah survived the first film , it would not have been even half as poignant . If she survives in some alternate `` get me a sequel '' corporate boardroom universe , there is a lucrative sequel . Hollywood has stooped to new lows here and , at the same time , made a pretty entertaining flick . Confusing .
 I understand Horror Movies ca n't Be Horror Movies without twists and turns and even Yes Awful Endings ! I think this Movie was Wrong , The Ending is what Makes me give this 1 star , Just the Ending , The Movie as a whole is 2 stars-3 in a half , The Descent was A Way Better Movie .
 I had quite high hopes for The Descent - Part 2 asThe Descent -LRB- Original Unrated Cut -RRB- -LSB- Widescreen Edition -RSB- was one of the most claustrophobic and terrifying films that I can remember from recent years . It continues just minutes after the first film and a rescue crew are ready to find any possible survivors from the caving expedition that went horrifically wrong . The sole survivor , Sarah , is discovered but is suffering from severe psychological trauma and is therefore unable to speak or remember what happened . . She accompanies the rescue team back to the cave she has just emerged from , but the creatures that live down there are hungry once again.After a very slow and unexciting start , the last half an hour or so is very tense and again , very claustrophobic , so it did satisfy me with regards to sticking fairly close to the original 's winning formula . Unfortunately where this film failed though was that we 'd been there before and seen what is down there , so the whole unknown territory and unexpected horrors that made the first film so shocking was taken away somewhat as there was no real surprises or twists that I did n't see coming . Another thing that made me knock a few stars off -LRB- like with many horror sequels -RRB- is that the characters from the previous film now appear to be experts on the monsters , even though they had only been in their presence for a few minutes previously and only a day has supposed to have passed . Juno 's characters was particularly bad to the point where I actually laughed out loud as she is become some Lara Croft-like action hero overnight , removing a lot of the realism the original had . The monsters are seen a lot more too and are the main focus of the storyline , rather than it being more about surviving in the caves . The ending annoyed me a lot too as it was how it ended was completely unnecessary did n't really make much sense.I know this sounds like more of a rant than a review , but I think I 'm just disappointed at how this is has turned into a fairly generic horror film , which is a shame as the first film felt so original and set a new standard , whereas this is nothing different from any other monster movie really . It 's worth a watch if you 're a fan of the original but is nowhere near as good so just do n't expect anything special here .
 If you are going to make a sequel , how about a good story . Instead we have the survivor of the first ordeal , rescued and her memory gone . So , along with some police , and some climbers , they go back in and pretty much the same things happen over and over from the first movie . It 's so dark you barely make out anyone 's face , the flashlights keep breaking and people do stupid things.The ending comes out of nowhere , which I wo n't give away but makes no sense and sets it up for another sequel .
 This is more of the same old new crappy horror where it tortures you for two hrs only for everyone to die .
 I do n't want to waste my energy on this crappy film except to say that if you loved the original as much as I did , do NOT waste your time on this sequel . I have n't seen such an unlikable cast since The Strangers ; I felt more empathy for the creatures . Remember the great visuals in the original ? They 're gone in this film . The start of the sequel did n't match up with either of the endings of the original , and I challenge anyone to explain the meaning behind the ending of the sequel . Seriously , it would have made just as much sense if one of the creatures had ripped his own face off to reveal Chucky . Meaningless ending to a truly meaningless film.I was going to conclude this mini-review with a comparison of this movie to any of Uwe Boll 's , but frankly , Uwe has recently created several films that are far and away better than this one . With complete honesty , I recommend `` Rampage '' , `` Stoic '' , or `` Attack on Darfur '' over this dreck . .
 I have done a bit of caving , and so I bought the uncut original movie as I liked the premise . Six women go into an all but unknown/forgotten cave system . The first half of the film had real character developement and real spelunking . You had a sense of total isolation , which of course adds greatly to the atmosphere of the film . It is a good suspenseful film . Not a great film , but 3-1/2 to 4 stars . As I am not a big fan of horror movies , that is a very good rating from me . Six women went in to the cave , none came out ... In Descent 2 , they take an elevator . They run into some annoying little flesh-eaters and the obligatory blood fest begins . Sound simple ? It is . There is no more suspense than your average `` what 's around the next corner ? '' scenario . There are a few `` unlikely '' plot twists that hurt more than help . Personally , I do n't feel it 's worth watching , but there seem to be quite a few people that do . Praise be to Netflix ...
 If you check out my Amazon Listmania List of 19 Flicks That Will Leave a Permanent Impression , you 'll see that I name Neil Marshall 's 2005 filmThe Descentas `` one of the best monster movies of the decade '' . Indeed it was.The Descent was masterfully done
 The Descent is a kick a ** movie . However , I refuse to watch Descent 2 . Why ?? As you should know , if you saw the uncut original Descent , Sarah Does NOT make it out of the Cave . She dies in the cave . So how can you have a Descent 2 with the person who died in the cave?In the Theatrical Descent , she wakes up in the car , but that is reversed or explained in the Original Uncut ending , that it was a Dream and she woke up in the cave . Her last vision being her Dead Daughters Brithday.You can not reverse something that you already explained in the original Uncutversion that adds on to the theatrical Version . That is like having a double do-over or a reversal of a reversal which would take you back to the double negative making it a positive.why do n't you go make a Gone with the Wind 2
 Although the theatrical `` Descent '' franchise has the exact title to Jeff Longs Book and some huge similarities it IS NOT based on his trilogy !! If he does n't sue these people I will be extremeley disappointed because I would love to see movies made based on his books ! The humanoid demon like creatures are there in the cave and the old man even talks about the legend that the mine connects to a cave that leads to hell in the second movie , but there it sadly kind of ends . Yes Jeff Longs books would be more epic action adventure first with a large dose of horror but much more intelligent and creative than these films . I just ca n't like them . If you want to like them do n't read Jeff Longs books first . If you wa n't to be scared a few times with in an hour and a half then watch the movies . If you want to be terrified of ever going underground again then read the books ! It is really too bad what has happened here and perhaps Jeff Long ca n't sue since it was made in another country , but I hope he can sue the American distributers !
 Not really worth the time to give a review but here goes . I give it 1 star only because 1/2 a star is n't an option . The movie lacks substance , vision , and execution . The lead character has amnesia , is under suspicion of harming her friends , and should be under a physicians care yet they bring her along to help look for her friends ... ok . It gets sillier from there . An ok film if you have super low expectations and provide Mystery Science Theater commentary with your friends otherwise not worth the time . The only redeeming thing is that it was free .
 **************************************************************************************************************** Warning
 I would n't recommend buying this movie until you 've seen it first because it 's not as good as the first one !
 I love the fist one ; what a well done movie ! `` Then came part 2 '' Has you start to watch this one you see the magic start slipping away , descending down a dark hole . There are characters you really like and decent actors . the writers of this should stayed in a hole . The ending made no sense whatsoever . I feel these writers had no more ideas so they said '' Hey lets trash this '' Sorry my friends you need to go back to creative writing school and learn how to write . I could of written a better script then this.If you must know what happens from the first go for it . But I loved the ending of the first it made your mind wonder . Just remember it took two writers to for this one . i think Hollywood is slipping .
 I had seen the first Descent before and actually watched it again just prior to seeing part 2 ; so I was set up and ready for the follow-through . I was really okay with it , I knew that it would be a slow slaughter one at a time -LRB- usually -RRB- of those who did n't know what they were getting into . Sarah is forced back underground by a Sheriff who thinks she could have harmed the group single-handedly , -LRB- she 's covered in blood -RRB- she is also suffering from amnesia ; a point he ignores . They are looking for Juno , now a Senators niece which is to justify the news media and pressure on the Sheriff to DO SOMETHING NOW.So the blood fest begins shortly after they go down into a mine shaft that leads -LRB- conveniently -RRB- to the cave system the girls are thought to be lost in . One old , former miner tells them about when they found the caves ; his grandfather went to investigate and never came back . People never listen.Now we have a 3 member , experienced cave SAR team , the Sheriff -LRB- stereotyped Southerner shame on them -RRB- and his black female deputy , smart , capable and totally sympathetic to Sarah . The Sheriff is a jackass who wo n't leave his gun topside ; but they needed that ruse to set up the cave-in that traps them in with the creepers . So we 're basically back to the Descent 1 ... less hormones more testosterone -LRB- which is NEVER a good thing.As I said , now the slaughter begins , and it 's more splatter , more gross in-your-face gore than the first movie and that IMHO is n't really necessary . But , if that 's your thing you wo n't be disappointed . I did appreciate that it fully showed we girls can kick some serious tail when push comes to shove . No simpering whining females here . The action is fast paced , with a few surprises and the same gut-wrenching , claustrophobic buried alive moments that tightens the sphincters on normal folks . -LRB- No spelunker here ! -RRB- Then we 're down to three and I wo n't tell you who and it 's full on human v creepers war at the escape hole and only one is getting out.Now , my biggest problem with this movie is the ending . I wo n't spoil it , but I hated it . I know some would deride me for wanting a ` happy ending ' , well how could it be happy when all these people died ? I do n't know , but like some movies it 's just better to stop it before that final scene , and for that final scene I took off a star and a half .
 -LSB- The following review contains spoilers for those who have not seen the original `` The Descent . '' -RSB- There are so many sequels made in Hollywood . Here is one from the UK film industry . It is only natural that producers consider turning successful films into a franchise with sequels and spin-offs . Though I am not against the idea itself , `` The Descend
 I start off saying I love the horror/sci fi generes . I love the stupid demonic toys movies so this is saying something.If you 've seen the Descent with the original ending you know this movie is an impossibility.The Descent is in my top 5 favorite movies you cant get much more pyscological than that . In the first its dark just their lights really gives you the sense that you 're with them as they desend further . In the sequel they went to a cave created by disney its that bright , I hope if we ever have to live underground its that bright . The acting is horrible worse than Candyman 3 and we all know how hard that was to watch.The deaths are boring we dont know or care about any characters Shauna McDonald is back I dont know why money I guess SPOILER SPOILER ALERT so is Juno tell me how thats possible.I bought it for a total of 6 bucks one penny is too much if you can get it for free nevermind dont waste your time trust me on this it took me months to find someone to buy it for .50 cents.If you like the descent or Neil Marshalls way of filming I would check out Dog Soldiers really good .
 REPETITIVE !!!!!!!!! So , that equals BORING ! Blood looked like a pink tomato paste . I cant even write a good review on this trash
 I saw this movie recently after I stumbled upon a torrent of it . The fact that it 's not getting a theatrical release is bad enough , to make matters worse I 'd have had to wait until it gets released on Blu-Ray . So after the torrent took two days of downloading , I finally got around to watching it . Now before I begin , let me make a comparison here.In my review of the first movie , I titled the movie `` amazing '' . Now when I heard there would be a second one , I got incredibly excited for it and could n't wait . So I waited and waited , and when it came out in the UK , I had heard from an Irish buddy that it was a terrible movie . I thought , `` Geez he ca n't be serious . '' Well , having seen it , it turns out that he was being generous.I had also read reviews before the movie got released , positive ones , and all of them said something to the effect of `` Be kind on the director who made it ; it was his first movie , obviously he is n't that experienced in the directing world '' , and those comments seemed suspicious . Well I had every reason to be suspicious of those comments after reading them - they 're simply over-apologetic . Just because a movie is a director 's first does n't mean I will excuse it - it depends on the quality . Plus also judging a person 's first film by saying `` be kind because it 's his first '' is total BS . There have been several amazing directorial debuts . Eraserhead , Sin Nombre , Whip It , I can name a few.Almost nothing works in this movie . To say the plot is almost fanfiction level is an understatement ; to say it is ridiculous is more like it . Basically Sarah has escaped the cave after seeming to be trapped down there forever at the end of the first movie , and is treated at the hospital . She apparently does n't remember what happened and because of it , has to return to the cave with a search party to locate the bodies of her team when , well , the first movie happens again.Trust me guys , while the plot might not read like a bad fanfiction from my description , it does in the movie . Another thing the movie is guilty of is pretending the first movie did n't happen . Well , it did . We were there when it did . We saw it . Almost the exactly same things happen . The characters in this movie are embarassingly cliche and nowhere near as charming as the ones in the first movie . What 's the biggest disappointment is the return of Juno . WHAT a wasted opportunity ! I was excited because she was the best in the first movie . But no , she was almost a female John McClane on steroids in this movie , and it was just embarrassing . And the sexy Natalie Mendoza 's performance was horrible too.The scary scenes/crawlie bits sucked too . It seemed that Jon went to some idiot
 The Descent did n't need a sequel . It was a pitch-perfect horror film , one of the best I 've seen in the last decade or longer , that incorporated high amounts of tension , a desperate struggle , some amazing jump-out-of-your-skin scares , great characters that you actually cared about and just the right amount of gore . I loved that film . Its original UK ending was also such a great , sad and interesting way to close it out . But apparently , The Descent
 Against my better judgment I picked up this direct to video sequel at Fry 's for $ 20 . Well , that 's $ 20 that would have been better spent using as toilet paper , it certainly would have proven more useful.The first Descent was easily one of my most favorite horror movies ever , it was original , well acted , and extremely well done . It was a horror movie that reaffirmed what I have always said , you do n't need a huge budget to make a great horror flick , as the Descent was certainly made on a modest budget . I own the special edition which contains both endings , and I MUCH prefer the original ending than the US ending . Supposedly Americans would n't be able to handle the darker , more depressing ending of the original , so they pulled a Spielberg on the ending and had the main character escape the caves . This Descent II begins where the US version ends . As I never do in my reviews of movies , I 'm not going to get into the plot because someone else has covered that already I 'm sure . What I will say is this movie stunk for the following reasons :1 . It was completely unbelievable Sarah would be dragged back down into the cave system she escaped from in her obviously traumatized and wounded state .2 . Once down there , as she finally gets her memory back , shows absolutely no emotion at having been dragged back down into that hell . Instead she becomes Rambo woman , clams up and goes into kick ass crawler mode . I do n't know , were it me , I would have let the idiots who dragged me back down there have a piece of my mind for doing so , and then let them know of the extreme danger they 're in and what they 're facing .3 . Speaking of idiots , as in the rescue group , they 're unremarkable characters , with zero character development and thus zero emotional attachment to any of them . In the first movie we send quite a bit of time with the ladies before they ever enter the caves , and thus through proper character development form a bond with all of them . Therefore their deaths become all the more tragic . Not in this movie though , I felt absolutely nothing when these characters were killed off .4 . As is usually the case with an untalented director and writer , lots of blood and gore was substituted for a well directed , well written movie . As gory as the first movie was , this one significantly ups the ante , with fountains of blood due to crushed heads , ripped out jugular veins , severed hands , and various other gruesome deaths . There was even a defecation scene thrown in for good measure to make sure we were sufficiently grossed out , if we were n't already by that point . Lots of gore and blood does not a good horror movie make , without all of that other important `` stuff '' like a good plot , a good script , a good director , good character development , and good actors .5 . The surprise appearance of a character from the first film is beyond ridiculous . It 's like the director was grasping at straws to make the movie `` good , '' and so decided to bring back a character from the first film who 's chances of surviving was a million to one . Really it should n't take a stretch to figure out who I 'm talking about , and yes , if you 're nodding your head in disbelief saying to yourself `` there is no way she would have lived to make it to a second movie , '' that 's exactly what I was thinking when she appears . Not only did she survive , but she was cruising around like nothing ever happened to her , even though she was barely able to walk in the last scene we see her in from part one .6 . The ending , oh the ending , I do n't think I have ever seen a more stupid and pointless ending ever . Enough said about that.I 'm going to pretend I never saw this film so as not to tarnish my memory of the amazing first film . Actually , the only version I watch is the UK version , and in that one there could be no Descent part 2 , so really I had no business even watching this film . But , curiosity got the better of me , and the lost $ 20 and two hours of my time serves me right for going against my better judgment buying this movie in the first place . Please , if you 're a Descent fan , and especially a fan of the original ending , do not make the same mistake I did . Or if you 're still itching to see this movie maybe you 'll be the lucky one who buys my used copy from Movie Trading Company , where it 's going tomorrow .
 A misfire with only a few bright moments . With the writer/director of the original film producing this one , why did n't he clean up the awful script ? So much goes wrong here - the lead character has zero depth here and goes from zombie to Ms Rambo - a character who has absolutely zero chance of living in the first film ... umm ... survives for part 2 . Instead of being a surprising twist it was an '' oh come on , you 're kidding '' moment . The new movie focuses on gore instead of suspense and intensity . The stupendously horrible last minute `` twist '' ending that makes no sense . Bad acting , bad writing , it is surprising the movie is such a mess , and a shame . Avoid as if it were the plague .
 The original movie , The Descent , blew me away . The sequel ? not so much . Not really worth making , either . This movie did not come close to capturing the atmosphere and excellent characterization of the first , and without those , the story comes across as just silly . The ending was ridiculous . The characters from the first movie who appear in this one are just one-dimensional this time around and not even remotely likable . The new characters appear to have been added only so that there would be a respectable body count , along with adding a vaguely plausible excuse to get the blonde lady to go back into the cave -LRB- which , obviously , she would not have done on her own . Even she is n't that crazy -RRB- . All I can say is that if you want to see random fighting , caves , and running around screaming , go ahead and rent it . If you want something more , watch something else .
 They really should have left this alone . I thought the first movie was really a well made atmospheric horror . The Descent 2 just tries to milk the concept for another movie . Well if you have seen the first movie then you know there were two different endings , a dark ending with the main character not escaping and the U.S. version which had the girl escape . This movie uses the U.S. ending and picks right up with the girl escaping and being rescued . But the local law enforcement wants to know what happened to the other girls and our heroin from the first movie is in shock and not talking . So of course they would drag an injured half catatonic girl back down to the caves with only a handful of people and have no one waiting at the surface in constant communication . The movie has such flawed logic that it really kills the picture . Another big problem is the creatures . You constantly see the creatures now , so the mystery and the scares from the first are gone . These are just hundreds and monsters chasing them now . Special effects are noticeable worse in this film as opposed to the first . I thought they looked very fake . What saved this from a one star review was the dark little ending which actually makes no sense , but it was at least fun .
 Caves were too light . Lost the scare factor.Creatures were shown too much and too clearly . Again , lost the scare factor.Acting was really bad . Did n't even have enough shots of pretty girls to make up for it ... as could be claimed of the first one ; - -RRB- Way too many cliches - Juno 's expressions were so over the top it was laughable.Zero surprises.All in all , just plain awful!The first one was good enough to own . This one is n't good enough to receive for free ! Trash .
 What a bunch of idiots ! This was tragic and the ending makes me gag . There was enough stupidity to cover the whole world twice . I gave this a 2 instead of 1 because there were some shocking moments . Watch at your own peril because u will regret it .
 A big disappointing ` cheat ' from incredulous start to the `` say what '' ending.To sum it up , a demoralizing blood bath and an exercise in utter futility . What was the writer thinking ? I know , let 's use the first script as a blueprint . Lets take 6 people down below . Yeah , great , 6 was the magic number in the first movie , 6 will work again I tell you . Let 's have them deal with another cave-in , let 's split them up , let 's have the blue men track and eat them ... What ? It 's been done before ? Oh wait , yeah , that would be me . Trust me , they 'll never notice.What a cynical way to make a movie , cobble together a few cliches , attach a big price , and move onto The Decent part 3 when the next search party goes down . Ca n't use the mine again so let 's use a well!I will say the introduction of an idiot sheriff was a novel addition . As if kidnapping a patient from a hospital is perfectly legal . And when he handcuffed her to himself just before a dangerous crossing ... Watching this movie helped me make the decision to get rid of both.So little room , so many better horror movies to buy and keep .
 I lovedThe Descent -LRB- Original Unrated Cut -RRB- -LSB- Widescreen Edition -RSB- , Neil Marshall is one of my favorite writers / directors working today . Yes , hes is old school horror and he can get a bit predictable , but overall his films are original in their own way . This one ... is not . It didnt need to be made , but coming off the HUGE buzz and money the first one created , one can expect hollywood to plop a sequel in our laps and expect us to eat it as a dessert after the amazing first course . Warning , it will give you indigestion and not in a `` wow that was gorey scary ! '' kind of way , more like the `` I am sad someone had to get up in the morning and film this '' kind of way.This begins basically at the end of the first film , and now our girl sarah who just survived a hellish creature filled massacre of her friends is in the hospital and the local sheriff and his band of cave explorers are looking for the rest of her party . Somehow they get her to go back in there with them , they tried to make it seem as if she didnt friggin remember what happened and so yeah ... she goes with them willingly . I had a hard time buying that hole in the plot . I understand Post traumatic stress induced memory loss , but to use that as a carrier to get her back in ? just sad , and boring , and sad again.We all know what is down there , what is gon na happen , we know at this point that the creatures who are blind but can hear awesomely will hone in on this group and clickity clack and climb the walls and then pounce and tear open throats . Then all heck will happen , people will separate and try to find a way out . Oh and guarantee there will be a cave in . I knew all this , because it was in the first one , and since this is just an echo ... it makes it a tired old copy of the same scenes.I wont spoil it for anyone , but i beg of you if you loved the first one , dont watch this one . its not worth it .
 It was not that good . It was such a let down compared to the 1st one , and especially considering what they could have done with it . Jeez ! There were major plot holes , and the acting is really quite bad , and the dialogue , my God , I had my hand over my face . Some amazing gore and action sequences , but there is not one thing in this film that was not in the first one . We were looking fwd to this since 2006 when the 1st film came out and we saw it in the theater maybe 5 times . I knew it was a done deal when it went straight to DVD . I knew not to expect too much , but even still , I am very disappointed in this film . I can only hope Neil Marshall returns to helm the 3rd one and save the whole thing from certain death .
 I do n't care what they said in `` Scream , '' I want a REASON for a villain to do something . Yes , the crawlers are hunting food . The old man , however , seemed to have no reason for what he did to the deputy at the end of the movie.I was pleased that Juno survived the first movie , but this did little to correct the horrible ending of this one .
 Ohhh , the disapointment . This might have worked better as a stand-alone film with different characters -LRB- or not -RRB- but The Descent 2 is light years away from the well-crafted first film . There was no tension , the characters do stupid things , and the monster design changed for the worse . The second film is supposed to take place 2 days later , so why would the Crawlers look different ? Yeesh.If you like cave creepy-crawly movies this might work for you , but I felt like I wasted my time .
 Some remakes are great . This is not one of them.Aside from one surprise , the movie is pretty predictable and slow moving . It misses the storyline and character development of the first which made that movie all the more powerful . The sequel appeared to have been made because the first was so successful . Should have left what was dormant in the cave alone .
 So , did you like the original Descent ? Well , just imagine a less good version of that , and you 've saved yourself an hour and a half ! Adding more blood does not make a movie more tension-filled movie . Sorry , try again . Actually , DO N'T ! The Descent was a great horror movie with a damn good satisfying horror movie ending . The fact that Sarah never escaped the cave and just gave up while seeing visions of her dead daughter was scary ! From the beginning of this movie on , it completely takes away from that dreadful conclusion . They just completely dumb it down .
 Some people in a cave with a monster . That 's about it with nothing of any interest happening . They seem to crank out these movies with no idea on how to make a horror movie .
 There only redeeming part in this movie was for the second at the end where the female cop gets hit in the face with a shovel . I highly recommend you spend your money on something other than this , or it 's prequel , `` Descent '' .
 This ... was basically the same as the first movie , if the first movie was not very good . If you like watching extended scenes of heads being bashed in and blood splurting out of wounds , you will probably enjoy this film . For me , it passed the line from scary into silly , and while I certainly enjoy a good campy bloodsplatter fest now and again , it seems a shame to do that in a sequel to a film that was so much more than that.Really , if you liked The Descent because there were attractive women covered in blood attacking or being attacked by monsters ... go for it ! You will like this movie . But if you liked it for being a suspenseful , well done horror flick ... skip the sequel and watch the first one again . Because seriously , it 's pretty much the same thing .
 Despite the negative reviews , I decided to give Descent 2 a try . It is good escapist viewing with plenty of action and surprises . The crawlers are as vicious as in Descent and the blood and gore are increased from the original . I still enjoyed the movie - until the ending . Without going into what happened , it changed my perception of the movie . IMHO it was one of the worst movie endings ever . Hopefully more perceptive people than myself can write a review which explains - WTFH at the end ?
 I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED IN HAVING TO LISTEN TO THE VERBAL BANTER FROM THE CAST WHILE VIEWING THE MOVIE . THIS BANTER WAS ANNOYING & DISTRACTING . CAROL C.
 Do n't be fooled ; this is bloody terrible ... Ludicrous plot , terrible acting and dialog . If you 're a fan of the first -LRB- and not entertained by crap -RRB- be happy with the 1st and ignore this.Biggest sucks : * Whole film is about 5000 % brighter than the first . Is this in a cave or a grocery store ? * Cave dwellers turned into pigs for some reason . * The cave itself looks like a high school play set ... Bright lights do not help . * PATHETIC sequel setup at the end that is laughable , yet infuriating . * RUINS what was one of the best endings I 've ever seen -LRB- apparently not the theatrical ending -RRB- This is very high on the the list of completely unnecessary sequels.LAME ... be on the lookout for Descent 3 and maybe 4 , which are bound to be the mayor of suck town .
 The Descent is one of my favorite films by far . I was surprised when a sequel was announced . To me , the first film -LRB- uncut version -RRB- resolved everything . My greatest fears were confirm when I finally got to watch The Descent Part 2 over the weekend.What were they thinking ! Leave well enough alone !
 Someone with a flashlight walking around . Bob ! Bob where are you?Someone else with a flashlight walking around . Barbara ! Barbara is that you?Someone with a flashlight walking around . Ken , Ken are where are you?Someone with a flashlight walking around . Im over here can you get to me?Someone with a flashlight walking around . Im going to around and kill some more time and get back or not.Someone with a flashlight walking around . Did you hear that?Someone with a flashlight walking around . I dont know I forgot to keep acting . What is this movie I am in?ok those are not direct quotes but this thing is just a big walk around time killer . Classic Hollywood BS with someobody looking for someobody with zero tension.The 1st Descent is an all time classic . Forget this crap and watch the original again .
 This is one of those early 80s slasher films that I was just never able to see ... until now . As a fan of the genre , I try to see as many little or obscure films that I missed . That you just do n't see airing anymore . This is one I have always heard about . I liked the premise , the title was classic , and Tom Hanks made his debut feature film appearance in this . It 's got ta be one of those little slasher gems , right ? ... right ? Well , not so much . Here we go ... `` He Knows You 're Alone '' tells the tale of a serial killer who targets young women who are about to get married . So far , so good . After a great opening , the detective picks up on the killer 's trail -LRB- and an explanation to the detective 's connection to the killer is made -RRB- . We then meet future Bride Amy -LRB- Caitlin O'Heaney -RRB- , who is having doubts about her upcoming marriage , especially since her ex is always hanging around . It is n't long before the killer sets his sights on Amy , and she and her friends become new fodder for the bride killer.Released in 1980 , the movie came out at a time where Halloween had already exploded , and Friday The 13th was released the same year . This was the beginning of the slasher boom . The movie definitely stole heavily from Carpenter 's 1978 classic . The killer coming into view , the music , etc. . The idea of the movie seems to be pretty new , but everything else comes from someone else . This is n't necessarily a bad thing , especially since these slasher movies are supposed to be fun and entertaining . The problem is that this movie does n't do anything , and is n't all that fun , except for the opening minutes and finale . Star Caitlin O'Heaney -LRB- who later went on to star as Snow White on the short lived 80s sitcom `` The Charmings '' -RRB- is a likable `` final girl '' , but there is n't much else to offer . There are some decent mood settings here and there , but you get the feeling that the director is n't really in his genre . He knows the beats , but does n't know exactly how to execute it , or work with a slasher script . Most of it is handled kinda clumsily , and the suspense and tension does n't ever register too high on the fear meter . It 's all photographed in the most workman-like way.What brings the movie down ? I never liked the kinds of slashers where you see the killer as a human being . The killer here is dressed normally , and we see his face every time . For me , that has always lessened the impact whenever there are suspense and tension scenes . He is n't interesting , nor is there anything made clear about him . Pretty boring , laughable killer . Reminded me of the drill killer in `` The Slumber Party Massacre '' . Then there is the ` slasher ' aspect . The movie is relatively bloodless , the kills -LRB- with one exception involving a fish tank -RRB- are mundane , the killer stabbing comes off as comical and fake , etc. . It does n't even really succeed on being just a fun , mindless slasher . It 's really a dull affair all the way around . The only moments of excitment and interest is in the opening and closing minutes of the movie . And , if you are expecting a lot of newcomer Tom Hanks , forget it . He 's in two scenes and that is it . Another familiar face in the movie is Paul Gleason , principal Vernon from `` The Breakfast Club '' , as well as other 80s classics such as `` Trading Places '' and `` Die Hard '' . Interestingly enough , Caitlin O'Heaney has never married in real life . I guess the movie scared her too much . `` He Knows You 're Alone '' starts off great , and it has a fun ending . It 's the drab , boring , bloodless stuff in between that makes it tough to get to the decent climax .
 The opening sequence is pretty good . After that , you might as well turn it off . I guess the remake of Prom Night ripped off the villian . A guy with a crazy stare that can be anyone . It is possibly the worst villian in the history of horror . The movie is slow paced and has no blood whatsoever . Matter of fact , it has barely any cursing and no nudity . It could have easily passed for PG by 80 movie standards . Not really recommended viewing unless you want to see a pre Bossom Buddies Tom Hanks , and he is only in this film for maybe three minutes .
 `` He Knows You 're Alone '' is one of the ten billion nondescript slasher films released without much interest in the 1980s . It sets up a simple plot -LRB- psycho killer murders brides-to-be -RRB- , tosses in a few stock characters , and lets loose with the standard genre conventions -LRB- people wandering off by themselves , the ` dead ' killer rising up for another round , etc. -RRB- . The film 's key strength is Tom Rolfing 's genuinely chilling portrayal of the mute , unhinged maniac . Unfortunately , you have to put up with a lot of lame padding to make it to his key scenes -LRB- many of which rip off John Carpenter 's `` Halloween , '' but at least do it well -RRB- . Other than that , fans of pop culture will enjoy picking out several actors who appeared in this movie before achieving ` real fame '
 The classic tale of a bride , a spree killer , and a would-be suitor named `` Marvin '' . A movie that captures like no other the year 1980 , featuring -LRB- in a small role -RRB- the post - `` Bosom Buddies '' Tom Hanks , hairstyles caught in the nether world between `` feathered '' and `` permed '' , jogging , 1st-Person-Halloween-style camerawork and a prominent Moog soundtrack.Loads o ' fun .
 I saw this movie back on cable in the 80 's when it came out , infact it was Halloween . My babysitter got so freaked out while watching this movie that she grabbed a big kitchen knife to hold onto . I remember being a little freaked out to . So when I saw that it was comming to DVD I was excited . The thing I remembered the most was the fish tank scene . I had told my girlfriend about the movie and even though she does n't like this kind of movie she watched it anyway . She was n't scared or creeped out in any way infact we were both extremely bored with it -LRB- the only good thing about it was the fish tank scene -RRB- . This movie was better in my youth simply because I did n't know any better , that and the fact that my babysitter was so freaked out . But now that I 'm older I can say without a doubt this movie just sucks , just like another movie I thought was good back then `` Blue Sunshine '' . This is one of those times when the memory was much better than the reality .
 One of the countless horror films to try to take advantage of the success of John Carpenter 's Halloween , He Knows You 're Alone was a carbon copy of Carpenter 's classic before , and it still is to this day . Not to mention that the film is more dated than ever , is chock full of almost non-existant and wooden acting , and a horribly executed take on the slasher killer . The blood in the film is almost non-existant , which is n't such a bad thing considering director Armand Mastroianni was trying to go for a `` less is more '' angle , but He Knows You 're Alone is one of those rare cases where more would probably have been better . The film is famed mostly for featuring a young Tom Hanks in his first screen role , which encompasses about five minutes of screentime . Whether you want to see Hanks in the beginning of his career , or you want a nostalgia trip down the 80 's slasher road , He Knows You 're Alone is n't utterly horrible and is worth a look if you 've never seen it , but with so many superior films of the genre out there , your better off with something else . Warner Bros. decided to put a few extras on the disc for it 's DVD debut , including trailers and a worthwhile commentary by director Armand Mastonianni and writer Scott Parker .
 A groom jilted on his wedding day goes on a bride-killing spree in this slasher flick that would be at home on Mystery Science Theater 3000 . The hero of the story is a hapless fellow named Marvin who sort of helps stop the killer before he kills the girl but oh so ironically perpetuates the cycle of abuse . -LRB- Every jilted groom is a potential serial killer , you know . -RRB- This movie is some kind of time capsule of 1980 . The hair styles , the jogging , a post - `` Bosom Buddies '' , pre-Oscar Tom Hanks in a brief , completely irrelevant role
 He Knows You 're Alone -LRB- Armand Mastroianni , 1980 -RRB- Mastroianni , who has since become a rather well-known director of TV movies -LRB- Virus , The Ring , First Daughter -RRB- and series episodes -LRB- the remake of `` Dark Shadows '' and the highly underrated `` Friday the 13th
 He Knows You 're Alone is PROBABLY one of the worst horror films I have ever seen . I only recently saw it for the first time and I ca n't believe I actually wound up sitting through the whole thing . I can honestly saw that I have NEVER been as bored while watching a `` slasher '' flick as I was while viewing this.I have to say that the WORST aspect of this film would be the killer . I am not SPOILING anything in saying that the killer has no mask or hidden identity in this movie . We see his face right off the bat as he kills his first bride-to-be . The fact that the killer 's face is fully in view during his slashings is a total bore . I actually kept thinking they cast the actor for his slightly Michael Myer 's - ish facial features and wide eyes . He actually kind of looked like an uncle of mine , which made me laugh . He was totally NOT scary.The `` killings '' are REALLY REALLY REALLY bad . There is no gore and hardly any blood at all . Gore-hounds would HATE this movie for that fact alone.The main heroine is a Susan Sarandon look-a-like who annoyed me throughout the whole movie . For a film made in the 80 's I was surprised at how un-liberated her character was . She is getting married to a guy she barely likes as if she has no choice , and even mentions how she is going to have to deal with the fact that her fiance told her he does n't want her to work once they are married . As if she has no right to do what she pleases . That irritated me . Also , what was up with her STRANGE relationship with her ex-boyfriend/mortician . Her behavior was excruciatingly odd to me . What engaged woman would flirt and consider starting up a relationship with an ex 2 weeks before her wedding ??? WEIRD.Bottom line
 I just rented this movie today because its one of the horror movies of my youth that scared the heck out of me as a teen adult . I have never forgotten some of the scenes in this movie and still get spooked when I envision the various scenarios . This is probably a good example of why a young impressionable person should n't watch these types of movies . I am about to watch this movie again after not having seen it for 25 years so I 'm curious to see if it still freaks me out like it did then . I 'm a big fan of the older style horror movie , lots of suspense , minimal gore so let 's see if this movie is as scary as I remembered back then . Stay tuned ... Ok , I 'm back , I finished watching the movie . I ca n't believe this movie scared me when I was younger . This is a great example of a movie you remember as a child as being `` sooooo good '' and then when you watch it you realize how we grow up and how time can change things . I had to stop the movie half way through because I needed a break . Movie had a great premise but is your quintessential `` b '' rated movie ; bad music and bad acting . I must say though the second half contained 2 scenes that actually had me almost on the edge of my seat . I ca n't help but think that if this movie had a bigger budget and some slight story alterations , it could have been a good movie . Except for a couple of characters in the movie , you do n't really get to know any of the victims before they become victims . This movie clearly jumped on the bandwagon of the `` horror '' parade of movies started by Brian de Palma 's Halloween . I can see distinct similarities in concept i.e. the same house was used as one of the murder scenes and the whole `` someone 's following me '' concept is in both movies . However , the similarities are conceptual only as Halloween is one of the greatest movies of all time and clearly had a bigger budget.All that being said , this is n't a `` bad '' movie , I mean it 's your typical B rated old movie from 1980 but if you know this going in , it 's not horrible , just cheesy .
 `` He Knows You 're Alone '' is n't exactly an apt title considering most of the kills take place when the victim has at least one other person close by , but I guess `` He Knows You 're Somewhat alone with Other People in the General Vicinity '' does n't have quite the same ring ? Right off the bat we learn the identity of the killer , so there is no mystery , which is fine if we are looking at a flat-out slasher with a high body count . But `` He Knows '' does n't really come off as a straight slasher flick , it feels more like a mystery film . The body count is low , the special effects are limited , meaning very little gore . Quite a bit of the film is taken up by Don Scardino and the guy who played the principal in `` The Breakfast Club '' trying to find out when and where the ever-sweaty murderer will strike next . I would have been more generous in my review if there had been either a higher body count , or if we got to see more of the red stuff flow . My guess is , if this came out in theaters today it would have a PG-13 rating instead of R.I thought the acting was pretty good for a B-Level flick . The comic relief ex-boyfriend/morgue attendant guy was not annoying like most 80 's slasher comic relief guys . And I am sure I am dating myself here , but when one of the actresses in the movie puts on these huge headphones and settles down on the floor to jam to some tunes with some ... refreshments . That took me right back to my High School days . I remember doing the same thing many times ... only my head did n't later end up in the fish bowl . So for nostaligic reason I had to give this at least 2 stars .
 Oh man this is really one of the worst of the 80 's `` slasher '' movies . Tom Hanks shows up for a minute , but the last almost 90 . SKIP IT
 Was I watching the same show as everyone who wrote reviews on here ? I just finished the 3rd season having loved the first two . I was so disapointed in this season I 'm really not sure I can even give the show another chance with season 4 . The show completely runied all of the characters . They introduced new people who were either completely shrill and unbearable -LRB- Moira/Max , Billie -RRB- or bland and pointless -LRB- Angus -RRB- . And then there 's Jenny . The writers continued in their quest to create the most unlikeable , cringe-worthy , annoying character in the history of television . This is nothing against Mia Kirshner who is lovely and does well with what she 's given but after 3 seasons the writers still ca n't seem to figure out what to make of the character . It might make more sense if she was treated as some sort of pariah by those around her but all of the other characters seem to love her so ... what are they seeing that I 'm not ? Her actions make no sense , her relationships make no sense even for a crazy person . As for the sex , someone actually thought they reeled the sex in this season ? I never minded it in the past but sweet Lord !!! By the end of the season I felt like I was watching Cinemax After Dark ! It was insanse ! Grown adults do not start pulling off their clothes and fondling each other when mother is right outside the door !!!!! Especially when mom said she would be right back !!!!!!! By the end of things , you are left without a single character to like , a single believable storyline or any reason to want to spend time with these selfish , immature , unstable women ever again .
 Where to start . I 'll start by saying I have rarely been more disappointed in a series as I am with the 3rd season of The L Word . I really enjoyed the 1st and 2nd seasons , and how miserably off course this series has strayed is hard to fathom , because the first couple seasons do not remotely resemble the train wreck that is the 3rd season of this series.Was there a writers ' strike during this season , because the writing , casting , and character development were absolutely horrid . Amateurish , at best . Why , oh why , the writers did what they did during this season is something for which I just do n't think there is a logical answer . For example , the Billie Blaikie character is beyond annoying . Not only is this character totally irritating , but he 's useless in terms of the story line . A complete and utter bore , and why the writers would decide to infuse this Jar Jar Binks-like personality into The L Word world is beyond me.Moira / Max . Need I say anything more ? Pairing this character with Jenny made no sense . Absolutely no sense . Jenny is devoloping her identity with her newly found orientation , and what do the writers decide to do ? Pair Jenny with a woman who wants to become a man . Can they butcher what could otherwise be a potentially great character -LRB- Jenny -RRB- any further ? Just how idiotically confusing do they want to make this character , anyway . I 'm sorry , Moira/Max did n't fit in this show and I found her/his character a needless distraction , particularly considering the obvious lack of chemistry with Jenny.Let 's not forget about Angus . Could the writers have found a more dull character this side of the Milky Way ? Ohhhhhh no , not just dull . Goofy , too . If they would have limited his role to babysitting Bette and Tina 's baby , I would not be so upset . But come on , having him romantically involved with Kit made me cringe and gave me the willies every time they were together . Just another example of horrid writing and misplaced character dependencies.Spoiler ahead , folks . The absolute strategic blunder of the entire series and evidence which is proof positive that the writers were out to lunch for this entire season -- killing off Dana . Why did they do this ? Dana was such a sweet , innocent character who many could empathize with , because her family was so conservative and she had struggled so much with coming out . I 'm really quite bitter with this writing decision , and the decision to take this valuable character off the series simply tells me the writing is n't what it should have been . A mind numbing lack of vision was involved with this writing decision , because Dana , like all of the core characters , offers the series versatility and great character depth . A huge and completely unnecessary loss for this series.I 'm not happy with the direction of this series . The writing stinks . Too many characters make no sense . Character development is the pits . Strategic decisions to get rid of important characters is being carried out without much thought , it seems . I 'll see what they have to offer for the 4th season , and if the writers of this series want a legacy for this show , let 's hope they apply more logic to subsequent seasons ...
 To all the men who have daughters ... . KEEP THEM AWAY FROM THIS SICK SHOW . Everything about it is wrong . I could only watch 10 minutes of this show and i had to shut it off . i thought the L word was short for The Loser Word . lol
 There were alot of scenes missing from the DVD 's that we received from the L Word complete season 1,2 & 3 , that we ordered and paid for . We watched the episodes on Showtime , and viewed scenes that were not on our dvds . And felt totally screwed . We watched the episodes again in re-run , on Showtime , and it was like , why are these scenes not on the DVD 's I paid $ % $ $ $ $ for ?
 I am hooked on this show ! The first season was the best , the second season was pretty good -LRB- despite the Mark character -RRB- but WTF happened in the third season ? All the characters I love have a personality overhaul -LRB- Bette is a wimp , Tina is a bitch , Alice is a stalker , etc. -RRB- They kill the goofy and funny Dana . Why ? What were they thinking ? The only new character I like is Dylan -LRB- so glad she screwed Helena . -RRB- The Moira/Max character is just weird and abusive -LRB- perfect match to Jenny btw . -RRB- I do n't mind she is not as pretty as the other lipstick lesbians on the show , but her character just is n't likable . Here 's to hoping a better 4th season and more to come !
 OMG what have they done to this once funny , entertaining , sexy show . It has descended into a miserable risible badly written joke . The storylines are horrid , unconvincing , absurd , and cringe-making . Let me list some of these :1 . Max . I do n't think I need to say any more about this bizarre addition to the show . Got just about everything wrong . Deeply embarrassing .2 . Dana . Why did she have to get ill and die ? She was one of the most lovable characters , goofy and yet sort of inspiring . A horrid horrid storyline . If I want health care messages I will go and watch documentaries . Profoundly depressing and upset the entire balance and mood of the show . How am I supposed to enjoy a sex scene one moment , and then a scene of mutilation ? To me it seemed utterly baffling and willful of the writers to do this to this character and this show . For this reason alone I hated the entire season . But there was more .3 . Helena . Sorry , who was this person ? Was she the same person in season 2 referred to as `` the scourge of the universe '' ? And as for that cringe-making risible sexual harassment set up scene ? One of the worse TV scenes I have ever had to watch .4 . Alice . A obsessed deranged stalker ? Thanks . Another of my favorite characters twisted into some un-characteristic pathetic storyline .5 . Bette . Take one strong dynamic character and stamp on her repeatedly with an utterly implausible and unbelievable plot development . Shove in an hysterically dopey spiritual retreat , and ask her to weep repeatedly . I felt sympathy for the actress who was in obvious discomfort .6 . Tina . Sorry ? All she needs is a bit of manhood ? Am I watching a show about lesbians , written by lesbians , validating lesbian life ? I must have missed something .7 . Kit and manny . Just get him off please . It is so wrong it is not even funny .8 . Shame and Carmen . Do you really think Shane would betray the gorgeous Carmen for that weird dopey Sherrie ? So unbelievable that I joked back the guffaws whilst flinching.I could go on . Maybe I should . The show did . I am only half way through and have decided to abandon it . I ca n't take the stupidity , the sheer implausibility , the utter misery , the cringe-making plotlines and character development any more . I do n't ask for much about a show dedicated for once in television history , to lesbian life
 As The L-Word has gone from season to season , its quality has dropped . The first season was an excellent five-star affair . Season 2 was decent and deserved three-stars . And Season 3 , an abysmal two stars . I would give it one star , but I might need that one for Season 4 . I 'm sorry . Actually I 'm not the one who should be apologizing
 I think the L-Word is dying a slow and painful death . Season 3 gives us the death of the one character that has truly developed and grown since the series inception -LRB- Dana -RRB- . Also we have Kit , the character who in my opinion has been a pointless character from day one , getting pregnant as soon as she hits menopause . The fact that Pam Grier -LRB- Kit -RRB- is old enough to be the grandmother of most of the cast seems to have been overlooked in this particular piece of the storyline . Kit dying of breast cancer would have made for a far more believable plot , even the folks putting the series together admit in an interview on the DVD that it would be unusual for somebody the age of the character Dana dying from breast cancer is unlikely . I appreciate the fact that cancer doesnt discriminate and kills anyone , the way those responsible for the series chose to highlight such an important subject , has for me detracted from the quality of the show.Season 1 was great , season 2 was not quite up to the same standard but the way season 3 developed has taken the show down to the level of an evening version of a day-time soap . The kidnapping has already in the season finale , it 's just going to be a matter of time before the murder 's start coming .
 Menu does not work and 3 episodes wo n't play . Not a damaged disc , seems the menu was n't properly mapped and we were sold malfunctioning discs .
 No CGI here . When I saw the image Amazon had up for the title , I thought it looked like it was made in the 50 's or 60 's , and was maybe Russian or Japanese . After watching the movie , I was able to find out more about it , and indeed , it includes footage from Russian movies , and in fact was made in the 1960 's -LRB- though Amazon says 2005 -RRB- . The movie itself is seriously washed out of color , and appears black and white in most cases . It 's a shame , I think with vibrant colors it would be a whole different film . The models of the spaceships , especially at the beginning , are great . I loved it . Cool `` 60 's style ships . And the hover car is a hoot to see today , though I am sure it was pretty cool when the film was made . There is even a -LRB- very -RRB- large robot in the film.The women are pretty enough , but their role is not as large as you would think . And as I mentioned , the washed colors and poor copy of the film leaves a lot to be desired.So , if you like old scifi movies , despite any lack of a real story , this would be a good film to watch at least once . I gave it two stars because I just thought the models and effects were well done . To be honest , I might come back later and check this film out again .
 In 1965 , Roger Corman and a small gang of others took a Soviet movie , added some scenes with Basil Rathbone and Faith Domergue , and created a reasonably serviceable science fiction movie titled `` Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet . '' There were some strange moments and a few funny moments , but the movie was a reasonably campy , low-budget science fiction film . Apparently , someone decided the movie was insufficiently schlocky and gave it one more shot.As an interesting historical note , this movie was directed by Peter Bogdanovich , who three years later would direct `` The Last Picture Show , '' launching Bogdanovich 's real career as an award-winning director.In the original movie , we saw two groups of men wandering around Venus . The first group crashed and is trying find the second group of men so that the second group of men can rescue the first group of men . As both groups wander around they encounter a cheesy looking reptilian bird , a deluge , and an erupting volcano . In this movie producer Roger Corman and Director Bogdanovich provide an explanation for these happenings ; an explanation that probably would have been better left unexplained.It turns out that there were a bunch of blond Barbie clones wandering the planet with telepathic powers and excessive chest development . These women , who spend a lot of time lying around with 60s-looking pants and shell tops , walk around acting like a coven of witches with too much makeup , false eyelashes , and too little in the way of prehistoric attributes . Their hair is , of course , perfectly in place , in spite of the fact that they spend a lot of time in the sea . Mamie Van Doren , one of the three M 's of the 50s and 60s -LRB- Jayne Mansfield and Marilyn Monroe included -RRB- , is the leader of the Venusian blonde babes , who include a cluster of women who may have been so embarrassed by this movie that most of them never appeared in a film again.The movie switches between the men and the women , who -LRB- a rare-for me-plot spoiler here ! -RRB- never meet each other . The women perform some mumbo-jumbo ritual , and some catastrophe hits the men . I was wondering in `` Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet '' why all these things happened right at that particular moment.This movie was completely unnecessary . If `` Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet '' was unbelievable -LRB- as an aside , I thought that movie had some interesting moments , but I admit to being a hardcore science fiction fan -RRB- , this movie is pure fantasy . I am sure director Peter Bogdanovich looks back on his first feature -LRB- if you can call it a feature -RRB- film with some fondness as well as with some embarrassment . If you buy this turkey , be sure you have your sense of humor handy.This movie was also titled `` The Gill Women '' and `` The Gill Women of Venus , '' though gills were never evident to my disbelieving eyes . Now you have three movie titles to avoid . Let us hope no one ever gets the idea to remake this thing.Good luck !
 This has to be the most uninspired , uncreative bio pic I 've ever seen . It 's basically one long interpretive dance punctuated by actors pretending to be people interviewing about Nureyev . The acting is over-played , the dancing is under-skilled , and the choreography is a disaster . 47 minutes was too long .
 I was all set to see a documentary , which is what the existing description calls it . Instead , what the viewer gets is a &#34; fictionalized &#34; version of the life of this great dancer , which is far from what I was led to believe .
 If you thought you would see Rudolph Nureyev dance you are wrong ! Do n't waste you money on this . Misrepresented in the description and a huge disapointment !
 My 5 year old watched this for about 30 seconds , said some choice words about it not being interesting , and refused to watch any more . Now admittedly he can be a bit ornery , but rejecting a show completely like this usually is a pretty good indicator of the quality .
 What a great premise and start to the movie as most of the world 's children fall into a coma . 10 years later , no children are born that do n't fall into the same coma . The stock market crashes , riots , the world is uneasy . Then the children wake up and they are out for blood . Sounds great , and the children first waking up is really scary . Then the story just falls apart , and the ending is just stupid . Nothing is really explained , and you are left empty at the end . No real gore and average acting . Clive Barker 's name is attached , but he certainly did not write this .
 It 's a pretty sad fact , but the association of Clive Barker with any film no longer guarantees quality ; heck , it does n't even guarantee sufficient gore these days . I 've been a Barker fan since the very beginning of his career , but I 'm not cutting him any slack on this one . No , he did n't write this film 's dreadful screenplay or seemingly invest himself significantly in the project -LRB- officially , he 's listed as a co-producer -RRB- , but he darn well let these guys put his name in the title and took his share of the cut . The Clive Barker of old would never have let his name be associated with as bland , unoriginal , and boring a horror film as The Plague.About the best thing I can say about the film is that I found it too boring to truly hate . Anyone but writers Hal Masonberg and Teal Minton could have done a little something with the premise , but it 's certainly not original . It 's just another variant on the old children take over the world motif . In this case , all the world 's children under nine years of age suddenly fall into a coma -LRB- interrupted by two daily , synchronized seizure fits -RRB- . Ten years later , they all suddenly awaken and go on a zombified rampage , leaving our heroes scrambling to stay alive , etc. . It 's like Twilight Zone meets Children of the Corn meets every zombie movie you 've ever seen.Our main character , Tom Russel -LRB- played by James Van Der Beek -RRB- , would n't you know it , has just arrived back in town , and - surprise , surprise - his ex-wife Jean -LRB- Ivana Milecivec -RRB- just happens to be one of the nurses taking care of all the town 's comatose teens when they suddenly awaken . Why we ca n't have a mindless zombie film without a romantic sub-plot is quite beyond me , but there you go . Tom and Jean eventually team up with a tiny sheriff 's posse , Tom 's annoying buddy Sam -LRB- Brad Hunt -RRB- , and a couple of weird , suspicious teens who keep blending in and out of the hordes of walking dead . There 's something suspicious about these two , but do n't count on the filmmakers to pursue anything in that direction . By the way , you also should n't look for any explanation as to the cause of the `` plague '' that caused this whole mess.Feel free to argue amongst yourselves whether or not these kids , all very much alive , are actually zombies , but this is clearly just another zombie film - except , in this case , the `` heroes '' never really try to fight back . Part of the problem is that they do n't know where to run . When zombies attack , you 're supposed to go to the police station and load up on some heavy weaponry suitable for blowing the things ' heads off . These guys head for the one place that is guaranteed to house no weapon of any kind . Even when guns are brought to bear , though , the gore is less than satisfying . There 's blood , of course - but not enough of it.If you 're a fan of inane dialogue , this is your film ; those looking for a halfway decent plot , buckets of blood and gore , and/or anything remotely scary are sure to be disappointed .
 A strange virus affects all children under the age of nine . They suddenly go into foamy mouthed comas and experience seizures at 10 o'clock twice a day . Childbirth is in the process of being banned , because all children are born in comas.Then , suddenly , 10 or so years later , the children wake up , and they 're in really bad moods . Zombie-like , running around and wrecking havoc on their towns . They like to attack and bash people 's heads and break necks.Three friends , Tom , Sam , and Jean , after running from a school to a church , decide they need to make it to an air force base . But wait , the children have developed a `` hive mind '' , and they 're disabling all vehicles and learning to use and store guns.There 's only one thing that can stop them . The rambling diary of the church 's priest leaves a clue that somebody must sacrifice a soul to these children to set them free.That 's about it , folks . As a lover of cheesy ` B ' films , I can barely give this one an ` F ' . To be short and to the point , there are no redeeming qualities to this film , very little gore , no suspense , no intrigue , no surprises , no monsters or daemons , no outstanding photography or soundtrack , no remarkable performances - nothing . If your curious , rent , but at your own risk .
 I am posting this review just to warn people off of this film . I agree with the posters here who have panned this movie and I wo n't recount the plot . But , because I am a writer , I can say that I was amazed that anyone -LRB- anyone ! -RRB- would have put up the money to make this movie . The script starts off well enough -LRB- in premise , if not in dialogue -RRB- but when the characters started talking -LRB- i.e. , before the kids wake up -RRB- there were warning signs . Almost nothing said by anyone in this script is logical , reasonable , or noteworthy . I kept waiting for the characters to at least follow the stereotypes for this `` kind '' of movie . But , in almost every scene , the characters say nothing -LRB- they just look at each other -RRB- or what they do say does nothing to move the story along . I kept talking back to the characters in the movie -LRB- a really bad sign for me -RRB- in a vain attempt to `` encourage '' the characters to start acting in a sensible way . I thought several times how the premise of this movie could have been used so powerfully had the producers bothered to actually read the script and then , seeing it was so senseless and bad , had the good financial sense to get a good scriptwriter to fix it . I wo n't go into how sad it is that the actors involved were wasted on it or , more pathetically , exploited by it -LRB- I refer to the actress who plays the mother of the girl who is tied up in the church and who eventually releases here just to be killed by her -RRB- . I think it 's sad when an older actor/actress takes a role in a crappy film just for the money . They deserve so much better.I do want to mention one scene which was both needlessly offensive and revealing about the quality of the script . I refer to the short scene in the church when the deputy is waiting with the guy whose leg was broken -LRB- very easily broken by a young girl -RRB- for the others to come back with a vehicle . I was shocked when the deputy entered the room and asked if the guy with the broken leg wanted to eat `` the Body of Christ '' . Come on guys , that line was stupid -LRB- it was a box of unconsecrated wafers -RRB- and needlessly offensive _ unless _ it moved the story along . It did n't . The scene was more interesting a bit later when the two men are talking about what might `` explain '' the events they were witnessing -LRB- aliens , etc. -RRB- . I laughed because I thought that even the characters were saying how dumb this script was ... they were wondering aloud what it was all `` about '' . Sadly , the fact that the two men are shortly gunned down had no meaning even if we take into account that the deputy suddenly is praying the `` Our Father '' prayer as he waits to be killed . I 'm all for a story that looks into the nuances of religion or science or horror or aliens or _ whatever _ . But this story had no story at all because we -LRB- the viewers -RRB- never get to learn what the story is really `` about '' , just like those two dead men who were never enlightened . By the final scene -LRB- where the camera zooms in on the copy of `` The Grapes of Wrath '' in the back pocket of the boy who killed the `` survivor 's '' boyfriend -RRB- this viewer was left slack-jawed by a script that finally expects its audience to accept some sort of vague metaphysical -LRB- i.e. , religious -RRB- allegory . The script plays around with the idea of a `` soul '' but builds no basis for the final 10 minutes of the script . Oh , well , I know I 'm just rambling now . Sorry . I guess I hoped that by explaining things I might make sense of the senseless . I ca n't . As I 've just explained , the `` the message '' in a script is the important thing and is especially important in a bad script -LRB- because sometimes the message redeems other failings -RRB- . I have to say that this script had no real message at all . Just what was this movie about ? Zombies ? Religious allegory ? Teenage angst ? Moral sacrifice ? Adults `` ruining '' the world for children and they get pissed and decide to nap for 10 years then wake up and start killing unless someone is smart enough to sacrifice a `` soul '' ? Huh ? Maybe it was about nothing ? Nothing at all . That 's it
 Writer/Director Hal Masonberg is fighting to get his film seen ; a film he finished AFTER he was removed from the project . Now he 's heading an international campaign to get his film released . The film in question is , THE PLAGUE , a thought-provoking , socially relevant horror movie dealing with the subject of kids and violence . THE PLAGUE was taken away from both its writers and director during post production after they 'd spent a total of 8 years struggling to get it made . The film was re-cut from scratch by producers who chose to do so without the involvement of the film 's creators . The new focus of the producers ? To make what they called a `` killer-kid film '' . Stock footage was added , new dialogue recorded , and the film completely restructured . This `` new '' cut of the film was released to dvd in September of 2006 at a running time of 88 minutes under the title CLIVE BARKER 'S THE PLAGUE , though the film was not based on any of Barker 's work . It was , in fact , an original screenplay by Masonberg and co-writer Teal Minton.Not satisfied with having his name , or his writing partner 's name , on a film he felt in no way reflected their years of hard work , creative input or artistic intent , Masonberg decided to finish the film on his own with the materials available to him - the dvd dailies and a Macintosh computer . Masonberg would have preferred access to the film 's original 35mm negative which was shot by veteran cinematographer , Bill Butler -LRB- JAWS , THE CONVERSATION , ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOOS NEST -RRB- , but such was not the case . Sadly , even Mr. Butler was not invited by producers to participate in the film 's post-production process.Using Final Cut Pro , Adobe After Effects and a host of other commercially available programs , Masonberg completed his cut of the film from scratch , teaching himself complex sound design and visual effects along the way.Today , THE PLAGUE
 Clive Barker produced but did not write THE PLAGUE ... but what a stinko movie.All the kids in the world under the age of 9 go into some kind of vegetative state ; ten years later they awaken and start killing people . Why ? We are never told . . and the ending is the biggest copout of all.DAWSON CREEK 's James van der Beek frowns throughout the movie , and Ivana Milocevic just looks bored ; the movie makes no sense whatsoever , so do n't waste your time like I did !
 This movie is absolutely a waste of time . The premise is decent enough , but the actual plot is nowhere to be seen . There is no explanation or cause given as to why these events took place . Clive Barker should sue these people for attching his name so blatantly to a film he merely co-produced . He did n't write the horrendous script or direct the the movie . I ca n't believe he took the job to begin with . I hope it was a favor for someone . If so , I think it could hurt his credibility . I would be mortified to be stuck with this on my resume . The sad part is , the cast was fairly decent , and I do n't even like James Van Der Dork . What a waste of money and what a waste of time .
 While the concept of the movie is interesting the follow through of the plot leaves much to be desired . The plague itself was interesting but the reasoning behind it was a little farfetched . As far as I understand it the children of the world -LRB- below a certain age -RRB- fall into a coma , and the only reasoning is that as a collective decided not to live in our barbaric world . Please ... I could 've made a better explaination . Try this on for size
 This movie begins with a very promising premise , a slow wasting apocolypse as the world 's children , those under 9 that is , have lapsed into a coma for 10 years then the ` all hell breaks loose ' scenario is enacted when they all wake up in a murderously foul mood . Yes , the dialogue is ridiculousy cliched but if you 're interested in watching this , dialogue is probably a secondary concern but this movie lacks in all other areas as well , no gore , barely even any dribbling blood even with shots to the guts and head ! The action of gun fights , as late rhte kids get weapons and learn to use them by ` sucking souls ' ; yea I thought that was stupid too , is nill , they stand in one place and fire one or two shots , a blasto-rama did happen , off-screen , the annoying friend of James ' Vander Der Beek 's character gets creamed with a deputy , they were armed , the kids were armed , WHERE THE HELL WAS THE GUNFIRE AND SPATTERING BLOOD ?! The characers are inane and repeatedly make decisions that do eventually get them killed , it at least made me take comfort in the fact that they got killed no matter how boring -LRB- or off camera -RRB- their deaths were . The cause is never revealed and the finale well , became psuedo-religious dribble and really made no sense and utterly failed to close out the story.My final word on this crap , avoid it ; if they show it on the sci-fi channel catch it if you 're curious other than that do n't you dare pay a penny for this , Clive Barker deserves to lose money on this garbage ! His name 's on it but he did n't write it .
 Let me start off by saying that CLIVE BARKER 'S THE PLAGUE is n't the worst movie I 've ever seen . It had a promising start -- all the children in the world under the age of nine lapsing into a comalike state , foaming at the mouth and no one knows why and they remain so for the next 10 years . Then they awaken as pissed off zombies intent on killing everybody . But despite all this , I could n't get passed the CLIVE BARKER 'S THE PLAGUE title . When I see CLIVE BARKER 's name attached to a film or any project , I tend to expect a certain level of achievement in horror , I mean , this is the man who created HELLRAISER , for GOD 'S SAKE !!! And let 's not forget NIGHTBREED , another one of my all time favorites !! CLIVE BARKER 'S THE PLAGUE bears absolutely no kinship to those films , other than the fact that you can buy them all at the same store on DVD . Otherwise , they would NEVER be grouped together , EVER.So , ok . If , you get get past the whole CLIVE BARKER name thing , THE PLAGUE is an ok little zombie flick , if you overlook the glaring plot holes . I 'm sorry , but if I know that zombies are going to be chasing me , I want a GUN !! Not a wooden stake , or a wooden post . I WANT A FRICKIN ' GUN !!! But for some reason , this seemed to be not on the top of the list for these characters . Go figure . Maybe I just being nitpicky . But I thought it made perfect sense -- zombie -- gun !! Just do n't watch CLIVE BARKER 'S THE PLAGUE with any kids under nine -- just in case -- they just might turn into ZOMBIES on ya !!
 In THE PLAGUE , all children under ten years old are plunged into mysterious comas . They remain in this state for ten years , only moving when they all -LRB- simultaneously -RRB- enter seizures . Of course , the kids -LRB- now teens -RRB- wake up , and seek to rid the planet of those pesky old folks . The problem w / this movie is not in its premise , but in the execution thereof . As killer kid movies go , PLAGUE is unpardonably slow , dull , and non-terrifying . I kept waiting for the thrills / chills to begin , only to have all hopes dashed . The kids themselves are devoid of any real creepiness . They look just as bored as I was watching this donkey log ! ...
 I 've always thought that Clive Barker was a progenitor of horror , probably since the first time I read his Books of Blood . His strange , sexually-charged , and at times heretic , stories push the boundary between the horror that we 've already established and a darker sphere yet to be explored . So I was surprised when I checked out The Plague , a hybrid of classic zombie movies and crazed kids flicks like Children of the Corn and Village of the Damned.At first , The Plague captures that sense of atmospheric dread of the zombie movie without necessarily presenting those facets explicitly . Children begin to drop into comas at the same time , and for the next ten years all children born are immediately comatose . They also experience seizures twice a day at the same time , flopping around on hospital beds like hooked fish . The opening is genuinely freaky , and it 's not just because the viewer is faced with a vision of humanity reduced to a final generation . Well-choreographed sequences find the children foaming at the mouth , eyes rolling back in their head until only the whites show . It 's tension at its best , and director Hal Masonberg utilizes slowly expanding camera shots to show just how catastrophic this plague has been.Along the way , James Van Der Beek becomes the main showcase of this plague outbreak after the kids start waking up on the wrong side of the bed . His character Tom went to jail for a little while after killing a man , but now he 's out and apparently is one of the few who knows how to do anything in a time of crisis . Tom 's past is rather unclear , as is the underdeveloped relationship between him and his ex-wife Jean -LRB- Ivan Milicevic -RRB- ; as a whole , though , The Plague is overly populated with characters we know little to nothing about , and that makes them rather easy , unsurprising fodder for the killer children.The film catches the plague itself during its muddled action sequences , which have awful choreography and even worse dialogue . This is due in part to the unknown cast ; it 's difficult to feel any type of suspense with they spout their lines with such melancholic fatigue . Unfortunately , the writers could n't sustain the tension of the opening during the more explicit terrors of zombie -LRB- or heavenly -RRB- children.But the writers also ca n't succinctly wrap up the plot that they started . The Plague tries to envision the last judgment , the Ascendancy , but instead of explaining the origins of the plague at the end of the film , it actually makes things more muddled and confusing . Are the kids sent as angels to bring those ready to the afterlife ? If so , they did a pretty crappy job of it ; and if this is God 's way of congratulating the human race , I feel bad for the kids who are stuck on Earth with sunken eyes and a hatred of everything . In any case , The Plague is a dismal picture of God , though I 'm not sure we 're supposed to take it that way.A film that starts out so strongly , with its eerie familiarity of the classics , ultimately flops in its latter acts because of clumsiness and a weak script . And after pondering for a while what exactly I was supposed to take from The Plague 's message , and getting no answers , one can compare it quite nicely to the Bible
 The only thing that can be said in favor of this awful movie is that it is not as long as an awful Stephen King adaptation . Production values = 0 . Acting = 0 . Direction = 0 . Writing = 0 . Sadly , Amazon wo n't let us give a zero rating . This film was so bad , I did n't even want the bad guys to win . I just wanted every character dead .
 I really like Clive Barker movies , but this one is n't that great . It lacked in many areas and did n't explain much at all about what was going on . The movie ended and all I said was `` What ? '' . I thought I would watch the special features and deleted scenes for the hell of it . I learned quiet a bit about what the movie was suppose to be after watching the deleted scenes . I do n't know what the director was thinking when he deleted all of those important scenes , but it did fill in a lot of spaces about the movie . I still felt like there was no punch or excitement to the movie though . My guess would be is that this is another example of the director chopping and cutting the original writer 's script and making a mess out if it . On the other hand , cutting all of those scenes could make for yet another DVD release being an `` uncut and unrated '' version . If you want suspense , I would advise you to pass on this one . If you want to see for curiosity sake , then rent it . I am very disappointed in this one .
 Great premise ... . but falls apart on the screen.A good idea that goes nowhere and becomes so tedious we ejected it after about 50 minutes and moved on to another rental .
 I saw this on television , and was spared buyer 's remorse . This movie must have been entirely produced and written by Clive Barker , because it was absolutely devoid of any plot just like his other works . Why all the kids develop a hive mentality is left unexplained . Why it -LRB- whatever `` it '' is -RRB- only affects children is left unexplained . Why the reverend did n't apply his own rambling insights that were left in the reverend 's letter is left unexplained . What on earth did the letter even say ? We only heard half sentences uttered by the guy reading it . And since when do Zombies read the Grapes of Wrath or any other book ? How can they be so sullen and incommunicative and yet somehow capable of reflective thought and problem solving ? What on earth was Clive Barker -LRB- and anyone else involved -RRB- thinking ? The only thing worse I can think of is the movie Hellraiser . This movie was absolutely plotless . And why was that one guy such a wimp that he let a chick break his ankle ? I 've said too much already . I do n't want to dignify this garbage with further attention . Nuff said .
 One day , a virus puts all children , 9 and under , in a coma . Twice a day , at 10 o'clock , the coma-induced children , go through a seizure . This continues routinely for 10 years . Then , after 10 years , they wake up from the coma.However , immediately , you 'll start to see that they are not the same people as before . There 's something sinister about them and they 're zombie-like . When they start to show who they really are , they 're out grabbing their hands on every living being.The zombie victims get everyone except this group of people . It seems that their survival strategies are interrupted by the zombies . We soon learn that , like the Borgs in Star Trek , they have a hive mind . What 's learned from one is learned by all.While running around to survive , the surviving gang must decipher a priest 's cryptic message that holds the key to this whole mess.The story is simplistic but extremely cheesy . And the survivors are extremely idiotic . I mean , c'mon , give humans some credit that they wo n't do some stuff because that would just endanger their own lives and others as well . * The Plague * paints humans like moths to a fire ... unable to break away from the hypnotic trance .
 DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE IT IS GARBAGE YOU NEVER GET TO SEE ANYBODY GET KILLED JUST THE AFTERMATH WHICH IS NOTHING SPECTACULAR THIS MOVIE IS HORROABLE CLIVE BARKER SHOULD BE EMBARASSED TO HAVE HIS NAME EVEN ATACHED TO SUCH A MOVIE I GIVE THIS WORK OF S ** t MINUS 5 STARS ITS NOT WORTH THE PAPER THE COVER WAS PRINTED ON BOOO I SAY BOOO !!!! SO FARE WARNING IF YOU BUY THIS MOVIE YOU WILL BE DISSAPOINTED GARBAGE JUST GARBAGE I COULD BAD MOUTH THE HOLE MOVIE FOR HOURS HOPEFULLY THIS IS ENOUGH TO PERSUADE YOU NOT TO WASTE YOU TIME OR MONEY EVEN THE ENDING WAS S ** T !! AND THE ONLY REASON IT GETS ONE STAR IS BECOUSE IT MAKES ME THIS IS A LOW BUDGET FILM WITH POOR ACTING AND WORSE PLOT EVER ... BY JOSHUA ~ AKA . . THE MOVIE MAN
 If you 're looking for the documentary about brewing in the US , this IS NOT it . This is a very , very crappy movie about some canadian guys whose car breaks down in the middle of nowhere in America , and they all have to split up to find an alternator . This movie sucks . Anyone know where I can get the documentary ?
 I , too , made the mistake of viewing this film . I really wanted the documentary about the guys that traveled America and visited 38 microbreweries in 40 days . THAT DVD is supposed to be made available early in 2005 . Be sure you do n't get this other stupid flick by mistake .
 This is NOT the documentary about the American craft brewing industry . That film is being released on DVD on March 29th and can be purchased initially on www.sixhundred.com .
 I 've seen better made x flicks . This movie has nothing to do with quality beer . An little to do with america . there might be some cult connection with it some where or how but other then that just do n't wast your time or money .
 By '68 the 1930 's approach to Presley movie-making was finally over . Although Mr. Taurog did some nice work with Elvis , it seems that his work with Bing Crosby somehow became his main reference point in presenting `` The King of Rock and Roll '' . -LRB- Indeed , even in this progressive entry , another ' 20 - '30s icon , Mr. Rudy Vallee , has a part -RRB- . Anyhow , this picture tried to be mod , hip , current , whatever . and missed the mark . Not that it does n't have some entertaining sections , with our man dealin ' with an inscrutable bohemian lass . All the songs are good , especially `` Edge of Reality '' , presented in a well-choreographed waking dream sequence . Another contemporary song , `` A Little Less Conversation '' was also well-presented . -LRB- Alright , Elvis historians , how about my idea that the later-recorded `` Let 's Forget About The Stars '' was possibly the original tune for that scene involving the lady deep into astrology - it does n't make sense that it was cut for `` Charro '' ... -RRB- . Since several of my friends at that time who were not Elvis fans told me that picture was okay , I 'll rate it a 2-PLUS . A true `` oddball '' in the Presley film collection . -LRB- By the way , why did n't someone insist that two of the biggest names in American music history , Elvis Presley and Rudy Vallee , do a duet , or something ? -RRB- . -LSB- Low Embarrassment Factor of 2 -RSB- .
 It is a very narrow 2.35:1 . NOT the 1.66:1 listed on the site . The vhs version has the theatrical bars durring the credits , and it is 1.85:1 , so I do n't know why they made that a horrible 2.35 . That even puts black bars on it using a wide screen tv . Major dissapointment for my favorite elvis movie . mes .
 Hilariously unenlightened product is a glossy time capsule concerning free love , upper class , conservative style . I enjoyed the locations and the late 1960 's fashions . It 's a tad more sexually explicit than Elvis ' previous romps , this was supposed to pass as sophisticated break from his G-rated adventures .
 I purchased this film with the knowledge that it features Elvis singing `` A Little Less Conversation . '' I love that song , so I figured , no matter how bad the movie was , I would still be glad to own it.This movie came very close to proving me very , very wrong.Let 's start with Elvis . His hair , normally his crowning glory , is dyed inky blue-black and is poorly cut . His foundation , which I suppose was applied to make him look healthy and tanned , only makes him look orange . He somnambulates his way through the film . I watched this immediately after _ Jailhouse Rock _ and it is saddening to see the light and fire completely extinguished from his eyes . The only times Elvis seems to come to life in _ LaL , LaL _ are when his character is pursuing a woman . In these moments , a wolfish intensity animates his face , reminding me a bit of his performance in the '68 Comeback Special.That said , I can hardly blame Elvis for a less-than-fully-committed performance here . The script is shockingly bad . Nothing happens for minutes at a time . The movie is an hour and a half long , but one imagines the story ought not to have taken more than twenty minutes to tell . The editing is miserable , but one can hardly blame the folks in the cutting room -- they had to include lots of boring , extraneous footage just to get this movie to feature-film length.Also remember that the movie was made in 1969 , and it was his 28th film . By that time , Elvis had absolutely zero desire to be making movies . Even if he were n't so obviously pained during this film , it would be sad to watch , knowing that Elvis was trapped in his studio contracts and that was the sole reason for his doing the movie.Still and all , `` The Edge of Reality '' and `` A Little Less Conversation '' are both very cool songs , and the production numbers are enjoyable . The video only costs ten bucks , so Elvis fans may still want to make this a part of their collections . Casual fans should stick to Elvis 's earliest films , like _ Jailhouse Rock _ and the brilliant _ King Creole _ . Elvis 's acting in the latter movie is particularly good .
 Did n't care at all for the premise of the movie , the girl chasing the guy - and she was so cheesy . And the fact that he ended up liking her after all the ridiculous trickery was not believable to me.The sequences when Elvis had two job I did enjoy but overall this is an Elvis movie I did not care for . Elvis also seemed to have a scowl on his face through many parts of the movie .
 A failed attempt to break away from the usual Elvis Presley formula . `` Live a Little , Love a Little '' -LRB- 1968 -RRB- has few redeeming features
 Richard Gere is sometimes tolerable , but not here . And this stinker only gets worse from there . Gere 's acting range is limited to the number of times he can blink his eyes and squint , but this script does n't call for much command of an emotional vocabulary . I found myself laughing out loud at the pathetic weakness of this plot . The reliance upon stale devices wouldn ' t have been so humorous except there was no connection between them and the actual storyline . Just a jumbled mess of ideas and bad acting . I found no redeeming value in this one and I 'm sorry I watched it all the way through hoping to find one . Topher needs a better vehicle and Martin Sheen must 've needed a paycheck . Do yourself a favor and pass on this one . Wish I had , thats 90 minutes I 'll never get back ...
 First , do n't watch the film 's trailer . I am afraid it reveals too much about the film 's storyline . But I do n't know if the story of `` The Double '' is really good from the beginning . Perhaps you may enjoy yourself watching it if you have nothing else to do , but I think when you finish watching this , you may find yourself scratching your head.Richard Gere is Paul Shepherdson , a retired agent . When a US senator is assassinated , Paul is called back into service by CIA director himself -LRB- Martin Sheen -RRB- , who believes that a mysterious Soviet agent codenamed `` Cassius '' is back . Paul is ordered to track down the mysterious agent with a rookie FBI agent Geary -LRB- Topher Grace -RRB- , who claims that he studied everything about Cassius . Even his master 's thesis at Harvard was about him.Thrillers that start out like this usually require suspension of disbelief , but the story of `` The Double , '' which I admit has potential for a gripping spy thriller , needs better treatment . I 'm not talking about who or where `` Cassius '' is ; I 'm talking about the incredible motives of characters -LRB- including the mysterious killer -RRB- involved in this convoluted story that goes on and on . Also , the film fails to give us details of the investigation of the two agents . What we get is instead the genre 's conventions . `` The Double '' is directed by Michael Brandt . Its screenplay is written by a writer team Derek Haas and Michael Brandt , both of whom are also co-writers of `` 3:10 to Yuma '' -LRB- with Halsted Welles -RRB- and `` Wanted '' -LRB- with Chris Morgan -RRB- . Sadly `` The Double '' has neither a character-driven drama of the former nor visuals of the latter.After all , `` The Double '' is mildly entertaining , but there is not much excitement .
 It 's not a movie I would recommend to others to view . Although I like Richard Gere , it 's not one of his better movies .
 This film is an ambitious contender for the title of worst spy action thriller of the millennium . -LRB- The millennium is young and I am sure some others will compete . . -RRB- The upside is that Gere fans will get much time to have a close look at the man 's soulfully arrogant face in his role as a retired CIA agent who has to cooperate with an FBI rookie because the bosses tell him to.The downside is that the plot is so darn stupid and implausible , but I ca n't really tell you much about it if I do n't want to give it away and get scolded . The old CIA guy and the young FBI guy have to look for a Russian mole cum assassin who was supposed to be dead since long . Somebody plays both sides . The Russians turn out to be everywhere and they have Roman names like Cassius and Brutus . 25 years ago this would have looked like anti-communist paranoia . Now it just looks dull.Try it and see if you believe a word of it .
 This was one of , if not the , worst films I have ever watched.From the hokey , on-the-cheap scene staging , to the weak personality who played to the junior FBI agent `` Geary '' , to Richard Gere 's empty lines and empty expressions , no plot , no connections - - a phenomenally bad movie , not entertaining in the least.A scene with a trailer park supposed by the Potomac ? A very poorly staged news interview with two alleged Senators that was obviously actors ? The J. Edgar Hoover FBI Building with an obviously cheap wooden sign , really ? Untold characters who drifted in and contributed little , then left the storyline?Wow , just stunningly bad . The actors seemed throughout to be in a hurry to get off the set and cash their checks before the film was seen by human beings.During the course of it playing , I found myself considering suicide as an option to end the pain . I did n't , hence , this review intended to save others ...
 Topher , find a good script . Quick . Before you disappear . No mystery to this one . The ending , twists included came as no surprise . And how old is Gere 's character supposed to be ?
 i love topher grace and the other actors in this movie , but it is the worst `` entertainment '' i 've seen since i can remember . please rent something else . `` the double '' is beyond forced and cliche at every waking moment and the reason straight to video was invented .
 I played this DVD and it had no previews on it also the sticker on the DVD was off set a bit and the cover was clearly a print out . Because it was AN ILLEGAL copy my DVD player was unable to use TVG to block out the swearing .
 Most have been said here regarding the content . I found this movie highly predicatble , boring with a weak overall story . The only one that provides some kind of aura and class to the movie is Richard Geere . Other than that the movie is a waste of time . Comparable stories like this one has shown on TV seen a million times ; the russian spy motive is outdated in my opinion anyways . In terms of Spy Movies nothing comes close to Bourne Trilogy in my opinion , `` The double '' is light years away . An episode of Criminal Intend is more exciting .
 You need to get out more if a cardboard , cut-out thriller like this impresses you . This made-in-Michigan espionage potboiler plays like a crappy , cable-TV action show . Gere is anemic and Grace once again proves he 's nothing but a mannequin ; Sheen is barely there . It does n't even offer the exploitive charms that lots of cheap action flicks generally deliver .
 A story that makes little sense and a bunch of actors that obviously turned up for the pay check . The budget obviously went in to the second rate cast . Everything is shot in some unused warehouse or slum . Gere just gets worse as he gets older . Behold one of the worse death scenes ever . Guess those guys in Dubai got sold a bill of goods by some Hollywood producer . This is the worse kind of awful in that it thinks it is smart . Vampire Bill - go back to Bonn Temps !
 Love Richard Gere , but it is hard to take this movie seriously when Topher Grace is the co-star -LRB- well known for his role in the comedy `` The 70 's Show '' -RRB- . I agree with one of the other reviewer about the first scene when the woman at the ball park found R. Gere cute , instead she should have thought of him as a pedophile . Also , soon in the movie , they reveal who Cassius is and takes away any suspense or desire to continue watching that boring movie . At the end , there was a small attempt to add a twist to this never ending movie ... but still ... no substance .
 Anything Martin Sheen is involved in is immediately discarded by many of my generation !!!! He is in the same group of unpatriotic , easily influenced as Jane the tank rider F o n d a . Boooooooooooooooooooo !
 The movie starts with Richard Gere watching little boys play baseball ... then when asked which one is his by a mother of a player , he replies with something to the effect of ' I just like to come here and watch . ' . She finds this charming as opposed to alarming . It gets less believable from here.Spoilers Ahead
 If you 're looking for the documentary about brewing in the US , this IS NOT it . This is a very , very crappy movie about some canadian guys whose car breaks down in the middle of nowhere in America , and they all have to split up to find an alternator . This movie sucks . Anyone know where I can get the documentary ?
 I , too , made the mistake of viewing this film . I really wanted the documentary about the guys that traveled America and visited 38 microbreweries in 40 days . THAT DVD is supposed to be made available early in 2005 . Be sure you do n't get this other stupid flick by mistake .
 This is NOT the documentary about the American craft brewing industry . That film is being released on DVD on March 29th and can be purchased initially on www.sixhundred.com .
 I 've seen better made x flicks . This movie has nothing to do with quality beer . An little to do with america . there might be some cult connection with it some where or how but other then that just do n't wast your time or money .
 The Brute Man was the last film of Rondo Hatton , an acromagly sufferer whose disfigured looks were exploited by Hollywood in a series of movies in which he played a psychopathic back-breaker called The Creeper -LRB- although none of the movies , including the Sherlock Holmes thriller Pearl of Death , has any link and were not part of any series -RRB- . This cheap PRC production has Hatton hunt down the people responsible for his disfigurement -LRB- an explosion in his college lab -RRB- and also murder various others who get in his way . The victims include a nosy shop assistant and a jeweller who insists that Hatton pay for a broach . Meantime , he falls in love with a blind woman but she eventually betrays him to the police and he tries to kill her too.One of the amusing things about this movie is that there 's supposed to be a huge Dragnet out for Hatton but he 's always walking down the street openly despite his looks and appearance . He actually does n't give a bad performance . Deapite his reputation as The Ugliest Man Alive his looks are n't really bad enough to warrant the screaming reaction he gets from some of his victims . Film is padded out by some silly footage involving the investigating police -LRB- at one point playing cards when the Commissioner comes in and then taunting him -RRB- . A pretty silly script and a general lack of style .
 Rondo Hatton plays the Creeper in the cheap , dull and exploitative THE BRUTE MAN , and gawking at him is about the only reason to get this one . After exposure to poison gas in World War One Hatton contracted a disease that severely elongated and deformed his facial bones and Hollywood came a-calling in the 1930s . Hatton appeared in about twenty-five movies , almost always playing a mute bad guy , before dying of a heart attack shortly after THE BRUTE MAN was released.If you want to see Hatton in an enjoyable flick get THE PEARL OF DEATH , a 1944 Sherlock Holmes mystery with Rathbone and Bruce .
 Rondo Hatton was a victim of acromegaly whose deformed face -LRB- and voice -RRB- were tastelessly exploited in several films of the Forties . This one has two distinctions -- it was Hatton 's last film -LRB- he died before its release -RRB- and it was the only Universal horror film which Universal did not bother to release , but rather sold to the ultra-low budget studio PRC for release , altho the film still begins with the Universal logo . The plot involves a handsome college student whose face becomes deformed due to a laboratory accident . Since Hatton actually was handsome and athletic in his pre-acromegaly period , the film has a bizarre parallel with his own life . -LRB- But it is difficult to accept that this type of deformity could be caused by a splash of acid . -RRB- The nouveau ugly man becomes a brutal killer , proving it is possible to be grotesque on the outside and rotten on the inside , too . He befriends a young blind woman who believes blind people have good character judgment , yet she never suspects he is a brutal killer . This grim , depressing film is interesting in a perverse way .
 The Garth Method tells the same old story that 's been told so many times , it 's difficult to find work as an actor . This film had a ton of potential to be different , according to the trailers and descriptions ; Garth kidnaps people to act in his film . Unfortunately the build up to that joke is an hour and 10 minutes long . The last 10 minutes is the punch line , which is not funny by that time.The first 10 or 15 minutes is shot in black and white . Garth lives with his mother , is 32 years old and a virgin . That first act of the film is Garth trying to lose his virginity . Once the act happens , the film turns to color , and it natters on about how he ca n't get consistent acting roles . The story line has been played over and over ad nauseum . Garth is reasonably likeable in an almost Woody Allen pitiful guy way . About midway through the film he meets a cute girl that helps him make his movie.Production-wise , this is a fairly standard low budget poorly made film . There are random cuts to black . Camera work is fairly meaningless . Frequently Garth looks at the camera and speaks to the viewer . The sound is competently recorded . Overall , poor pacing , mediocre camera work , and bad acting , all conspire against this film.I just did not find this film funny . I did n't see much new or creative in the approach , even given the low budget . This was a case where the set up for the joke was so long and painful with very little pay off at the end . I kept asking myself , when are we getting to the kidnapping ? Actually that was about all that sustained my watching this film .
 Its OK , but too many duplicate scenes from the TV show . Thought it was outtakes that could n't be shown on TV .
 I got this for my dad because he saw it on TV advertised and he loves the show . He was not happy at all with it ! He had seen the majority of the scenes on TV already and the video was not as uncensored as it says . They still bleep everything out , thought we were getting some raw footage but its nothing they wouldnt show on TV . Dont waste your time .
 A waste of money . Fake misdemeanor criminals doing stupid crimes . DEFINATELY NOT WORTH THE MONEY . NO REAL CRIMINAL FOOTAGE!MAYBE 3 OR 4 GOOD SCENES , THE REST THE MOVIE IS GARBAGE ! IM FROM CHITOWN , & I WAS EXPECTING TO SEE SOME REAL CHITOWN FOOTAGE ! NOTHING !!! GARBAGE ! I SEE BETTER FOOTAGE BEING OUT IN THE STREETS IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD .
 The concept as potencial , the drama does not make you believe in the actor ` s.To much missing part the story goes to fast , that make you feel lost.The movie as grate actor , but the exageration of the caractor make you feel like they dont belong in that type of story.G .
 DVD cover
 I got a bigger rush on the picture on the dvd cover than the whole movie.Is this a recent movie ... look and feels like its 3 decades old or more . . From the first seconds in the movie you know youve been had.Very little budget ... very slow moody music ... very little actors/actressI dont recommend this movie at all , and i do recommend all involved in this crapto be fired . If it was on tv ... i would have turned it off.I want my money back . . !!!!
 STAR TREK 's Walter Koenig penned this movie which plays more like an episode of LAW AND ORDER than a sci-fi/horror flick . Unfortunately , it 's as exciting as watching drapes fade.The creature is horribly done and amateurish . Richard Hatch is awful and Koenig is worse ! The dialogue and direction are bad and the whole cast is ineffective . Koenig drives his point of `` equal rights '' with a heavy hammer but does n't entirely pull it off.Better acting and creature effects might have made a better flick , but this misfire does n't make the grade .
 This movie is n't bad , alitle longer than it should be . It could have done more with the alien creature than it did . It is slow in parts and is a good idea for movie but i wished it had more action in it than it did . It 's worth watching when you ca n't find anything else to watch .
 just finished watching this -- well , after 20 minutes began fast forwarding until the end so I really do n't know -LRB- and do n't care -RRB- how it ended . If you like good artwork , then you should buy this DVD for the cover artwork which is very geiger-esque in nature ... the actors also are semi-recognizable -- marina sirtis for one -- I have always liked her but have rarely seen her without a star trek uniform on ... and , as much as I like marina sirtis in star trek , the few minutes i tolerated of her in this movie i was n't sure if this were all tongue in cheek or if the writers were seriously trying to make a statement . Koenig seems to have kept himself `` up '' after all these years as well -- that was good to see ... this is a stupid movie -- they are trying to make some point about our constitutional rights versus prejudice versus whatever ... If I had wanted to see a movie based on that I would have bought something like that -- it 's a shame that I did n't watch this movie right when I bought it within the 30 day period , because I could have returned it and got a partial refund ... this movie has no special effects -- no sci-fi scenes -- it 's a cross between a really bad comedy and god only knows what --
 What an inept pile of garbage . Horrible acting , directing , writing , music -LRB- by George Clinton ?! -RRB- even the editing was pathetic ! The only possible somewhat saving grace was the beautiful though badly acting girl who plays the female lead . Even that was n't worth the suffering .
 I can say without hesitation that The Viking Sagas is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I have sat through more than a few bad movies , and so let me insist that this claim is no hyperbolic gesture . It simply would not be enough to say that this is merely a bad movie . There are scores of terrible films out there with senseless plots , tepid action sequences and ham-handed direction - and many of them also feature German body-building champions in prominent roles.No , what sets The Viking Sagas apart as being truly , profoundly awful , is that it inspires ignorance , specifically , false understanding of a complex and often strange culture . A number of reviewers praise this film for its allegiance to the source material
 I should qualify this negative review by warning up front that when it comes to movies -- and for that matter , books , too -- about the Vikings I am a nitpicker , and in fairness I should explain why . I 'm the author of the Strongbow Saga , a historical fiction series set during the Viking era . I 've spent many years of research , and much effort , trying to gain an in-depth knowledge of the Vikings ' culture , history , and the period in which they lived so that I can accurately portray them in my novels . The Vikings have long been misunderstood and misrepresented , in print and on film , and I hate to see this continuing to occur.The writers of the screenplay for this movie clearly drew on several old Icelandic sagas about the Vikings . Portions of the plot bear a strong resemblance to portions of Njal 's Saga , and some of the main characters are loosely drawn from the Laxardal Saga . However , rather than trying to create a historically accurate portrayal of the Vikings , the film makers instead opted to make a low budget fantasy film that ends up being sort of a cross between pseudo-history and Conan the Barbarian . And the acting of Ralph Moeller , who plays the role of the movie 's hero Kjartan , is very evocative of Arnold Schwarzenegger 's Conan
 Viking Sagas has Icelandic scenery and actors -LRB- thought the dialogue is in English -RRB- , and the characters ride Icelandic ponies . Also some -LRB- though not all -RRB- of the material culture looks authentic . But the story gives us a wavering and often distorted view of medieval Iceland as portrayed in the sagas . However , there are several Icelandic films based on the sagas that are much more authentic , with the Icelandic actors speaking their own language . Utlaginn -LRB- Outlaw
 Being half Norwegian , I 've been on a mission to find good Norse/Viking films for a while now and I gave this one a buy before trying because of that . Well , I struck out here as this is one of the worst excuses for a viking action film I 've seen yet . To say it 's only very loosely viking is being overly generous . There 's really nothing here of factual viking history or heritage.The story is basic but it can be hard to follow as your thrown alot of names and are n't always given the time to know exactly who they 're talking about . As the lead man , I thought Ralf Moeller was stiff and lifeless . Granted , he did n't have the best script and dialog to deal with but I think he 's just not charasmatic enough for a hero role . None of the other actors impressed here at all and I found some of the casting highly questionable.There was nothing and no one here to care anything about no matter what happens . The bad guys were bad but not too bad . Moeller plays the hero who 's destiny is to become a great warrior but he keeps getting his butt kicked throughout most of the film . His master/teacher is supposedly the greatest warrior in the land but is old , out of shape and in no way believeable . Moeller just seems to keep wanting to get it on with this one girl most of the time and they have some stupidly unpassionate love scenes that are only there to show unappreciated and gratuitous nudity . Then his master/teacher goes on a killing spree because he wanted Moellers chick even though he 's old enough to be her grandfather . I mean , he slaughters a whole village full of people over it and everyone just forgives him for it like nothing happened . Mr.Miagi in the Karate Kid would never do that . Besides , is n't he supposed to be a good guy here ? Uh , ok ? The swordplay is basic and boring , the blood effects are cheesy and the only thing climactic about the ending was that it was ending . The only redeeming value here are the nice landscapes to look at . That 's it.I wo n't bother reviewing the audio/video here as it 's just not worth it.So for anyone else looking for a good Viking film , keep looking and let me know what you find . For anyone who likes old tyme sword fighting action flicks like Conan , Beastmaster and Gladiator , watch those instead . There 's a reason why most people never heard of this film . Personally , I 'm trying hard to forget it and I 'm glad there are places to sell junk like this . Avoid .
 It is very seldom that I can find no redeeming qualities for a film . Did anyone write a script ? This film has little plot and trite dialog . Were there any rehearsals ? The acting was poor , accents were phony , speech was poorly articulated -LRB- mumbled -RRB- , and sword fights were awkward . It reminded me of watching 12-year-old boys with heavy sticks pretending to be warriors . Yawn .
 There is a good film to be made about Vikings and their many sagas , but this production is not it . Visually beautiful , somewhat interesting but poorly scripted , the film was better than I had expected given its negative internet reviews . Actually Iceland seems to be stunningly attractive and superb cinematographer turned first time director Michael Chapman does a good job in showing it and keeping the action moving . But the plot is too convoluted , the narration stultifyingly dull . There are moments that almost work like when a Viking 's family wait stoicly for death in a burning hut . Thank goodness for the gore and nudity which makes it bearable , but only just . Musclebound Ralf Moeller -LRB- TV 's Conan -RRB- is not that bad , a low rent Schwarzenegger but he does n't embarrass himself . Well worth a video rental -LRB- once -RRB- but not a keeper .
 Not to bad but could have been much better . Historicaly it was pretty much on the button though .
 I guess there are times when the majority of the reviews do not live up to the movie . This movie was horrible to say the least . Horrible plot , acting , and props . Do n't waste your time on this on , not even if you watch it for free .
 The only way this series can be saved is if David Brent takes over as manager in Season 9 . This will bookend the whole series with Brent opening and closing the entire sitcom . Gervais and Merchant can help raise the quality of the writing and Christoper Guest and Fred Willard should be brought in as characters somewhere as Spinal Tap is the whole reason why The Office exists in the first place anyway . Otherwise , no one will remember the great work done in the first six seasons but instead how bad the last three are .
 This set is similar to the other previous seasons , a cheap cardboard sleeve with plastic/cardboard insert . I knew this when I ordered it . But what I did n't expect was the beating it 'd take while arriving . There is damage to the corners , visible through the packaging . I 'm not sure if it 's because the product itself is just shoddy packaging or it was Amazon . But I 'm going to try a 2nd time with a replacement .
 Wow , in this past season of the Office , the show 's quality fell straight off a cliff.I 'm fine with Michael leaving , there was plenty of comedic talent among the cast to make it an enjoyable show without him , but the writing was super lazy and no one seemed to have any idea where anything was going . This was most manifest in the two new characters they brought aboard . -LRB- SPOILERS ahead , for all who care -RRB- James Spader as Robert California started out -LRB- in the season 7 finale -RRB- as a character that seemed to be either a genius or a con-man making it up as he went along . Throughout all of Season 8 , it seemed like the writers never figured out for themselves what they wanted him to be . One episode he 's a drunk screwing everything up . The next he 's 3 steps ahead of everyone else . Ultimately he was both as he managed to run the company into the ground and yet convince David Wallace to give him a million dollars severance to go abroad Europe `` training '' teenage gymnasts in what had to be one of the dumbest character moments the show has ever had -LRB- I mean , really ? David Wallace ca n't see through Robert 's BS , but the entire office INCLUDING KEVIN can ???? And they say NOTHING ???? -RRB- . Catherine Tate as Nellie . Plenty of fans hated her , and its not hard to see why . Personally , I think her character had potential , but again the writers did n't know who she was going to be . She seemed confidant and together for the Sable store stuff , then admits to the camera in a later episode she does n't have any idea what she 's doing . By the time she 's in the main office she seemed like a new antagonist for Andy , but in some episodes they 're trying to paint her sympathetically and give her relatable flaws -LRB- the memory box in the moving episode , the shopaholic stuff that Pam uncovers , the lame `` fish-out-of-water '' taco bit with Darryl -RRB- so is she supposed to be a character we hate or not ? The result was that most fans really did n't like her but I , for one , have no idea if that was the actual intention.Some plot threads were introduced just to be dropped without much development . Angela 's baby , her possibly gay husband , California 's wife , Andy 's new girlfriend , that one lady trying to get Jim to sleep with her , etc. all seemed like they were going to be somewhat important only to surprise us by not getting much screen time after their introduction , with many things being wrapped up before they even have a chance to begin . It was like the writers lit a series of firecrackers only to have every single one of them not go off.Other plot points were just stupid , plain and simple . I 've already mentioned the boneheaded way California was sent off , but you can add Nellie getting Andy 's job just by SITTING IN HIS CHAIR as the dumbest thing that 's ever happened on this show . That was compounded by Andy KEEPING HER ON STAFF at the end , despite her constant efforts to wreck him up til this point -LRB- again , including TAKING HIS JOB -RRB- . This show has already strayed pretty far from its realistic mockumentary roots , but this kinda stuff is so far beyond the realm of plausibility its honestly shocking the writers attempted to pass it off on a show like this.There were other smaller issues too , but these major things , compounded by some unaddressed problems present in the last couple of years -LRB- Jim and Pam having nothing really to do now that they 're married , Dwight 's ever greater transformation to a living cartoon character -RRB- make this the worst year the Office has ever had.If the one star rating seems a little harsh , let it be known that there were a few chuckle inducing moments -LRB- Kevin 's disbelief that anyone would put a mummy in a museum was pretty great , and you can always count a few great Creed moments -RRB- , and this is hardly the worst comedy on TV , but if the earlier seasons were 5 star , and the last couple of years were 3 , I have no choice but to rate this season as a 1 , it really was that bad in comparison to eveything that 's come before it.That said , I 'll be watching season 9 . Not only is it the final season of the show -LRB- so I might as well stick around to see it off -RRB- , the premiere last Thursday had two great meta moments -LRB- everyone throwing trash at Nellie being the highlight for me -RRB- that seemed to be the writers acknowledging they 've made some mistakes in season 8 and they 're gon na make it better . Let 's hope they do a better job with season 9 . Cause with season 8 behind them , there 's no other place to go but up .
 As much as I disliked Season 6 of The Office , in retrospect it was better than Season 8 . Before the season began , we were told that because Michael Scott was no longer around the show was going to focus on the ensemble more . Instead we were fed a steady diet of Andy as the manager and his conflicts with Robert California -LRB- James Spadar -RRB- as CEO . This dull note was hit repeatedly leading to a series of repetitive episodes where Andy feels inadequate and the staff reassures him . The problem was that Andy has always been a buffoonish character and trying to shoehorn him into the central role did n't work . Couple that with the tiresome Andy/Erin relationship which had been stumbling around for three seasons without any real direction or coherence and we got a giant dose of Andy that no one wanted to see.While Michael Scott may have been the comedic driver of the show through Season 7 , it was the reactions of the rest of the cast , and especially Jim and Pam , which gave the show its emotional resonance . Now , Jim and Pam are given virtually nothing to do and the rest of the characters have been reduced to single note punch lines . John Krasinski should sue over the lack of forward motion for Jim . Jenna Fischer was also neglected this year , but some of that can be ascribed to her real life pregnancy . The treatment of the rest of the cast has been just as thoughtless . Kevin and Erin appear to be competing for some sort of stupidity award in which they barely seem like functional adults . This was especially problematic for Erin given that we were supposed to care about her romantic chances with Andy , but it mostly felt like a teenager mooning over her teacher . Stanley , Oscar and Meredith once again got little to no screen time.About the only story of any value this year was the trip to Florida to set up the retail outlet for the Sabre tablet . This allowed for some interesting arcs using Jim and Dwight , but unfortunately also introduced us to Nellie -LRB- Catherine Tate -RRB- . It seems obvious that Tate was supposed to take the manager 's position , but a scheduling conflict prevented her from joining the show until mid-season . If they had given some thought into her integration into the show it might have worked , but once again no real long-term planning appears to have been done because their solution was to have her walk in one day and take Andy 's job just by sitting down in his chair . Ridiculous.This season failed on many levels and we can only hope that with a new showrunner they might come back stronger next year , but that seems like wishful thinking . As for Season 8 , wait until the price drops if you have to have it to complete your collection . Otherwise skip it completely .
 I got into The Office right before Steve Carell 's departure and I found it hilarious . I spent a great deal of time last summer catching up on the first seven seasons of the show . Then Season 8 came , and if I would describe it in two words , they would be `` train wreck '' . First of all ; what happened to Robert California . He was hilarious in the season seven finale , but they toned down his character so much , he becomes the very thing he was meant to spoof
 Painful transition from Michel to Andy . Granted Michel was a bozo and mostly clueless , Andy is annoying and pretentious . Was a big fan of the original BBC offering and it took me a while to warm up to Steve and the office gang and for the most part I am glad I stuck with it . I should have saved my money on season 8 .
 the first few season of The Office were hilarious . Season 4-7 were n't all that great but they were watchable and every episode had at least 1 or 2 really funny moments . This season however , is just bad . The heart of the show has been ripped out , and you ca n't help but think that the writers feel this way too . Nobody cares about Jim or Pam anymore . I remember how big of a deal their first child was , but I have friends that still watch this show religiously did n't realize that Pam has another baby . That 's how small and insignificant they 've become , and how uneventful that plot point was.if there 's a season that 's going to dump the fans for good , it 'll be this .
 Probably great but i purchased the wrong one and can not download it ... and streaming does not work on the train !
 I 'm kind of sad about the whole thing . Quit watching tv a few years ago , then somehow , thru Netflix , I stumbled on the brit original ` The Office ' , and fell in love with it , just thought it was orignal and great , hard and funny . So , like many , I certainly was n't interested in the American version . But I saw a review of it , just a year ago , and liked what I read , so I actually started downloading it on Amazon , and thought that they 'd actually pulled it off , that Steve Carell had made it his own , and I actually , got t.v. turned on , after watching the first six years available here.But after Steve left , the show has been floundering . I never did like the Andy Bernard character , not when he was second in command , and particularly not after he took Michael 's job . There is a fine line between creating an obnoxious humorous character , and just creating an unappealing one without humor . It does n't work anymore . I ca n't even watch the show with much enjoyment . I try , once in a while , hoping they can pull it off again . James Spader , I like , always have , but does n't seem to be doing much here either . Party 's over , for The Office , and I figure it needs to end .
 The season itself is great but the disc 5 of the set is defected and replays episodes from disc 3 . I do not recommend the vendor for this particular item . Their products are unreliable and do not work
 I have enjoyed this show for 7 seasons ; it was one of my favorites . This season was a rude shock as the quality of the writing has declined so dramatically . Obviously little care has been given to plot or character development . What was once clever humor has given way to predictable slapstick with the `` jokes '' descending into the gross . It was never funny ; sometimes it was sick . Sad what has happened to this once great show . I watched episode after episode in disbelief . I was hoping that the season would really `` kick in '' eventually with some glimmer of past glory . It never happened . I finally began fast-forwarding and then skipping episodes entirely . Sad .
 It 's hard to root for the demise of a television show when you know that it means some of your favorite actors will be put out of work . However , sometimes it 's time to pull the plug , and this is one of those times . The show currently airing that bears the title of The Office is a mere shadow of a show that used to air and also bore the title of The Office . These two shows have almost nothing in common with each other , excepting the fact that their characters share names and are played by the same actors.To give some perspective to this review , let me give you a brief synopsis of my feelings on the other seasons of The Office
 I would have never predicted my favorite show on television , The Office , would have gone this sour , this fast . Its original main character , Michael Scott , played by Steve Carrel , has gotten married and moved away . Since the absence of Michael Scott , former salesman Andy Bernard , aka `` The Nard Dog '' has taken his place as the manager of the Scranton Branch for the paper company known as Sabre.All fans knew The Office would never be the same again without Michael Scott , but I was still optimistic . I thought , that even though the bread and butter of this successful series would soon be gone , there were enough hilarious supporting characters throughout to keep this show watchable , even if it could never be absolutely fantastic again . But boy , was I wrong . This show has become so unbearingly unwatchable , and unfunny that I almost want to mourn over the memories I had of what this show used to be . Season 8 is genuinely awful , there 's no getting around it .
 -LRB- The following is a review of season eight of the Office , and not of the quality of the DVD release -RRB- Continuity in the characters ... gone.Respect for the characters and their realistic -LRB- everyone knows someone like this -RRB- quirks ... gone.Department heads for Dunder Miflin/Sabre ... apparently gone since to manage the office you only need sit in the managers ' chair ... Others have stated the problems with this season , and I simply can not write better or hone in more precisely on the issues with this season than they already have.The abilities of the actors are not disputed here ... they simply were not able to continue in their already well-developed characters , and I ca n't blame such a talented cast for having to execute the whims of writing that was often out of character and shameless . Even the brilliance of Catherine Tate could not save the episodes scattered here and there with her presence.In a nutshell , this season of the office is sadly just another example of a once smart sitcom that touched upon real-life people and situations we could all relate to , hit head-on with a massive sledge-hammer of careless writing and juvenile antics , knocking the personality and wit so far out of this season that it 's barely suited for a circus freak show.I can only hope that season 9 will find some way to redeem the office and let it leave us with the fondness with which it arrived .
 You know , I hate to be that guy who points out that Steve Carell leaving the show was what killed it . And in some ways , this is n't even accurate . While Michael Scott was a driving force behind The Office , the show COULD survive without him . It 's just too bad the writers and producers never really figured out how.This entire season was one big clusterf -- k of ` What the hell is going on ? ' So , without any on-camera buildup or true explanation , Andy becomes the new boss and replaces Michael Scott . Now , it seems to me , the creators of the show should know how their own show is scuccessful . Especially if you 're going to replace the STAR of a show . -LRB- This is the case , even if the star is no one that important , such as Topher Grace leaving `` That 70 's Show '' ; it still went downhill from there -RRB- . As much as Ed Helms ' character of Andy Bernard is so much more likable than he used to be , the key to a successful Dunder Mifflin boss is that you ca n't really respect them . Or think that they could really be a regional manager in real life . Andy fails with this as he IS smart enough and restrained enough to be a real life boss . Granted , not of a company the size of Dunder Mifflin -LRB- / Sabre -RRB- , but Ed Helms ' character is still too believable to fit this role , here . Which results in BORING episodes . Stuff , where they literally had to find something for them to do . Like Andy getting a tattoo to win his co-workers respect . ... What was this ? The fact that writers were so lost even BEFORE the season began is not a good sign.Oh , and let 's talk about the Black Hole of comedy that is James Spader . I mean , do n't get me wrong . Spader is good when he has his moments , like in Boston Legal . But just like Nic Cage , basically , James Spader only ever plays himself . Only , as Robert California , he now plays himself saying weird and inappropriate sexual things . I also assume the writers could n't balance his Crazy/Genius act for too long and just decided to make him an Eccentric Con Artist and master manipulator rather than a barely sane Mad Scientist/SuperGenius . But the point is , James Spader in The Office makes about as much sense as Rainn Wilson playing a new forensics expert in Law & Order
 This show has been on a decline since Season 4 or 5 . Now at Season 8 it is no longer funny ... at all . It was once a fun and witty show , but now its just silly . James Spader 's character is annoying , predictable and empty . The only thing worse was having Will Ferrell on the show who tried to hard to be funny and failed . Thankfully that experiment lasted only a couple of episodes . I knew it would be a different show without Carell , I just did n't expect it to be this bad .
 This show has gotten much worse since Steve Carrel 's character left the cast . I am so disappointed . I used to love it , and now I 'm sort of ashamed of what it has become .
 I 've tried hard to stick with this . After seeing the brit original version , it took me a while to warm to the american version ... but I did . But this last year has totally sucked . Truthfully , I just ca n't stomach the character ` Andy Bernard ' , he 's no good , and the actor should get out of here . I had an open order , but I 'm canceling it due to lack of interest . Gone from being one of the best shows on tv , to one of the worst .
 This was my favorite show ever , Ive watched every episode bought ofice t-shirts , bobbleheads , and posters , but from the moment I saw Andy in the bosses chair , I knew I was in for a rough season . Without Michael Scott , this show just is not funny . Michael brought out the best in all the characters and without him the show is falling apart Literally , Kelly is leaving to start her own show and Dwight is starting a spin off -LRB- which i am looking forward to -RRB- and taking Toby with him to write it -LRB- although to be honest ever since Michael left Toby has just become a weird , unfunny character -RRB- . Plus all the main characters are not as funny as they use to be . Jim and Pam 's love story ended so now they just have this perfect marriage that is not funny at all and while Jim can still get a funny line every once and a while , Pam is useless . However perhaps the worst character is Andy . He cant be a manager because that is not his character . Andy is a suck up with anger issues who likes to sing and wear pink into the office and is mocked by his co workers for it And that is why we love him . If the Office wants to get back on top , there are several things they have to do ... 1 . Get Dwight to stay on the show , with out him there is no THE OFFICE . You cant do the show without him , If he had left not Michael last season there would be no season eight . Dwight has to stay2 . Catherine Tate out , Her character is just annoying , She ruined the story when they went to Florida and I was upset to see her in Scranton . She is not going to ever replace Steve Carell so stop acting like she will .3 . use Jim and Pam less and start using characters that you know will get laughs from people like Kevin , Creed and Darrell more .4 . Put Andy back in sales and find someone new who will be able to run Dunder Mifflin
 For five -LRB- arguably six -RRB- seasons , `` The Office '' combined humor with emotion to produce some of the greatest television ever seen over the airwaves . Then , a transition season -LRB- seeing the departure of Steve Carrell -RRB- left the show with a very unstable future . Sadly , the `` circle down the drain '' only continues with this eighth season , producing no redeeming moments whatsoever.This season was lost right from the get-go and never improved one iota . The additions of James Spader & Catherine Tate to the cast proved to add nothing to the `` Michael Scott void '' , while all the other characters begin to really get stale for the first time in the show 's now-lengthy run . Some of the `` lowlights '' of this season -LRB- minor spoilers ahead -RRB- include...-The complete ruination of the Andy Bernard character and his relationship with Erin . This was supposed to be the next `` Jim & Pam '' kind of relationship , but it has failed miserably . The `` Nard Dog '' was once the funniest character on the show . Now , he is just a shell of his former self . His character just is n't the `` leading man '' type.-The new additions to the cast also failed to impress and even further muddy the waters of the show 's identity . But , what should have been expected after the failed experiment of the Will Ferrell character in the previous season ? - The auxiliary characters are now old and stale . Whereas their eclectic comments once seemed to never get old , now they are almost cringe-worthy most of the time.The sad fact of the matter is that Michael Scott was the glue that held `` The Office '' together . With his departure , everything has completely melted down . I can honestly say that not a single episode of the entire season stood out as `` funny '' . Only Rainn Wilson 's Dwight Schrute remains even remotely entertaining -LRB- with Jim/Pam now completely played out -RRB- . I fully expect the show to continue as it is such a big hit for NBC and the network will milk it dry and then some , but I made have to make the tough decision to jump ship before the resolution . I do not take this decision lightly , as I have invested so much in the Dunder Mifflin-ites , but it has now become a chore to watch each week . I saw the same thing happen with `` Smallville '' over on the WB/CW network , and it saddens me to realize `` The Office '' , which was once so great , will go out with such a whimper.If you are a casual fan of this show and do n't necessarily need to `` see the payoff '' in the end , I would actually encourage you to stop watching after the Michael Scott departure episode towards the end of season seven , which could have -LRB- and should have , in hindsight -RRB- served as the show finale . All that has come since has been pure dreck .
 ... but now I wish devoutly for his return . I figured this might be a dicey , three-star season , the creators grinding their way to a new mean , but never imagined the show would veer so violently off course , that the writing staff would be infected with amnesia and that The Office would so quickly come to seem exhausted and struggling ... and so much like all the other crap on TV .
 I 've seen all of Elvis ' movies , and this is one of the worst three -LRB- Stay Away Joe and Double Trouble being the other two -RRB- . If I had to pick one worst , this would be it .
 this film is probably the worst film ever made by elvis.the acting is bad the plot is dull and most of all the movie almost put me to sleep.Ilove elvis but this film does not give justice for his talent .
 `` Harum Scarum '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- remains among the low points in the Elvis Presley filmography - a movie so wretched that Col. Tom Parker suggested adding a talking camel to the proceedings . This cheesy `` musical-comedy '' with a Middle East setting is a disaster from beginning to fade out . Elvis sings a passable rocker titled `` Hey Little Girl , '' but that 's all the entertainment value you will find here . Presley 's boredom and disgust with the ludicrous material is evident throughout .
 This is the wrost Elvis Presley film I saw . In fact , I do n't know why it was even made . In fact , this movie needs zero stars . But ... wo n't go that far.You have to wonder why Elvis Presley stars in this hoo-hum movie . Johnny Tyronne -LRB- Elvis Presley -RRB- is a American actor who gets kidnapped.When the movie begins , we see Johnny watching a movie -LRB- with him in it . -RRB- While his missing , he meets a princess -LRB- Mary Ann Mobley -RRB- . Andybody who likes this movie , he/she needs to get thier eyes checked.Johnny is hired to kill the king -LRB- Philip Reed -RRB- . Which he ends up behind bars , singing So Close But Yet So Far . Is this how Colonel Tom Parker wanted people to remember Elvis Presley like this after he is dead.I guess so . Why would anybody want to see a movie with an American actor-singer star gets kiddnapped?Elvis should have said `` NO '' when he was asked to be in this movie.Songs include , Golden Coins , Harem Holiday , Shake That Tamborine , and So Close But Yet So Far .
 ... and when the Colonel does n't like it , you know it 's got ta be bad ! Absolute trash from the most talented entertainer of the twentieth century ! It does n't even work as a spoof , because spoofs are funny , and this one is n't . If negative stars could be awarded , this would rank about a minus 10 ! No wonder Elvis said of Hollywood , `` I know this town 's laughing at me . '' He was right ! After this turkey they were . Do n't waste ninety minutes of your life watching this . Pop in King Creole if you want to get a glimpse of what Presley 's film career could have been like if someone involved with these movies actually gave a damn .
 Anyone who could sit through this turkey and then give it the highest rating of 5 stars has my sympathy . You really need to see a doctor.Elvis made a number of movies that were n't great . But this is the WORST.Absolutely nothing to recomend it as a film . Though the soundtrack is very good .
 Why they chose this movie to put in a box set is beyond me . I remember seeing this movie as a kid and thinking it was dumb . Where is Girl Happy ? They have put out practically every other movie of his but not this one . It should have been put out long before Harum Scarum . The plot was simply ridiculous and completely unbelievable even for an Elvis movie .
 I was recently on a quest to find the worst Elvis movie , and this is surely it . According to Peter Guralnick 's `` Careless Love '' -LRB- the best bio of Elvis yet written -RRB- , even the Colonel was flabbergasted at how badly this one turned out . The film makes no sense , the acting and songs are worse than usual , and when its all over , you just feel depressed and ashamed . Though not as technically flawed as an Ed Wood movie , its at about the same artistic level .
 An unfunny , and flat , effort to style Elvis as a Valentino-Errol Flynn romantic hero , badly written and looking shoddy with sterile backlots filling in for Arabian-type scenery . Features only one worthwhile song , `` So Close Yet So Far '' , while the best track , `` Animal Instinct '' was left out -LRB- although appearing as a ` bonus song ' on the soundtrack album -RRB- . After inane material such as this , John Lennon 's quip that Elvis `` died in the Army '' is hauntingly accurate , in a figurative sense .
 This picture is real hard to sit through.Elvis plays an American film star -LRB- ironic , indeed -RRB- that gets kidnapped by Arabians . Of course he falls in love with one of the ladies , but a conflict occurs when he is ordered to kill her father . Huh?Anyway , both the plot and the accompanying songs are weak . The only song that comes close to being good is `` So Close , Yet So Far '' . The others range from the average Elvis movie song -LRB- `` Mirage '' , `` Hey , Little Girl '' -RRB- to the ridiculous -LRB- `` Shake That Tambourine '' -RRB- . This is a picture that should have never seen the light of day , and is not good for those who already have a negative image of Elvis Presley . For die-hards only !
 Words fail to describe how awful this film is ... and yet , I have not enjoyed watching a movie this much in a long , long time . It is screamingly funny , albeit in mostly unintentional ways . The dialog is somewhere south of stupid ; the sets look as fake and cheap as the backyard of `` The Brady Bunch '' ; the costumes seem to be from someone 's attic ; and the music is vapid and cheesier than a vat of Velveeta . There is one very creepy sequence where Elvis ' character encourages an overly precocious young girl to dance `` seductively '' for him , and of course , racist stereotyping abounds throughout . Elvis gamely tries to make his character credible , but at times , I think he deserves an Oscar simply for not rolling his eyes . By all means , see this movie with someone you love , and be prepared to hoot like a tree full of owls . This one makes CLAMBAKE look like CITIZEN KANE .
 I am a huge fan of Elvis 's music and movies . Own them all on vhs and the DVD 's as they 've come out . That being said , Harum Scarum is THE WORST piece of trash ever captured on film . It 's nearly criminal to watch one of the greatest talents in the history of mankind sleep walk through this pile of rubbish . The Presley estate should do Elvis and the rest of us a favor . Buy the master and burn it in a bonfire celebration at Graceland ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Entertainment , much as beauty , is in the eye of the beholder . No doubt the steadfast loyalty of dedicated Elvis fans will find value in this movie . Casting Elvis Presley in a spoof of Rudolph Valentino movies was unfortunate . This could be the film that left Elvis crying in the chapel , and it leaves the viewer indescribably blue . Good sense notwithstanding the film was made . That 's when your heartaches begin . One could give some credit for attempting a different approach from Elvis ' usual `` fun in the sun '' formula film , but the end result lacks charm . Describing the plot is pointless . The music is the '60s pop fluff that Elvis and the songwriters phoned in . It adds to one 's reflective midlife melancholy to remember that in 1965 , while Elvis ' formidable talent was squandered in cheesy movies , the Beatles were leading the charge of the British Invasion ; storming the ramparts and taking no prisoners in the realm of rock music and innovative style . Elvis , you left us much too soon . You really deserved better , and so do we . Return to sender . ; - -RRB-
 This isnt the movie I thought it was and its hard to get into . Not really happy about it .
 Before Gus Van Sant assumed the role of indie figurehead with earnestly progressivebiopicsand earnestly plotless art-housefodder , he made low-budget films about marginal people with risky lifestyles . There were three of them
 LA PELICULA LA COMPRE PORQUE PENSE QUE VENIA EN IDIOMA ESPA&N tilde ; OL GRANDE FUE MI SORPRESA QUE TIENE SOLAMENTE UNOS COMENTARIOS EN ESPA&N tilde ; OL EL RESTO ES INGLES NO TIENE SUBTITULOS PERO LA PELICUAL EN SI ME PARECIO UN BODRIO NO SE LA REGALO NI A MI PEOR ENEMIGO EN VERDAD COMO ES EL TITULO DE LA PELICUAL PASE UNA MALA NOCHE
 This poor excuse for a sequel manages to recycle all the plot points from Donnie Darko in a boring and nonsensical way . Nothing seems to happen for a reason other than trying to make it weird and mysterious . While it attempts to appear intellectual and deep , it is quite the opposite . Do n't bother seeing this , especially if you loved Donnie Darko .
 ok . first things first . the original darko movie is one of may favorites ever . that being said , this movie is still horrible . if this movie was even `` good '' like so many of the reviews say that it is , i would have liked it . it was not good . the acting was not good -LRB- i just read a review saying the acting was great . i dont get it -RRB- . the story line was hard to follow and stupid . it 's almost like they had a sixth grader trying to revamp the original movie . horrible . the storyline takes on a sci-fi channel made for television twist near the end that will crack you up if you never saw the original DD movie , and piss you off if you were a fan . i may be a `` fan boy '' like some reviewers who liked this movie will say , but my girlfriend just `` likes '' the first movie -LRB- not a big fan of it -RRB- and puts up with it when i watch it once or twice a year , but she begged me to turn this one off . and i agreed that we should , but i at least had to see it through to the end.some people just have the inability to dislike movies . if you are one of these people , i still think you will have a hard time sitting through this film . at one point i thought a scene was skipped , that 's how awkward this movie jumps around . and then the guy who played the vampire `` Jasper '' -LRB- my gf pointed it out , i swear -RRB- gets a rash from a meteorite . it 's so stupid !!!! and what was with the guy on the windmill who sam visited in his dreams ? dumb dumb dumb dumd dumb .
 Words can not even begin to describe just how bad this movie is . I just finished watching it . I knew that it was going to be bad , I just did n't know HOW bad it could possibly get . I 'm not even going to waste your time by going in to any details of the plot . All you need to know is that this film is one of the stupidest ever made , and that there is no reason whatsoever for this film to even exist in the first place . I think Richard Kelly should sue everyone involved with this film , and I pray to God that he never watches it . Whoever created this film obviously did not even understand the first film . With that being said , DONNIE DARKO did NOT need a sequel in the first place . There was no room for a sequel . DONNIE DARKO ended perfectly . DONNIE DARKO is a perfect film , in my opinion , and S. DARKO is a slap in the face to everything that made DONNIE great . I wish that I had skipped this film . Even if you want to see it out of morbid curiosity , I 'd ask you to skip it.If you do decide to watch it , then know that you will be wasting two hours of your life that you will never get back .
 This movie is nothing , and I mean NOTHING , like Donnie Darko ... It makes no sense whatsoever . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME .
 This is an hour and a half I wish I could get back . In a word , it was horrible . In more words , it was somebody -LRB- Chris Fisher -RRB- who was hoping to make the next cult classic but failed MISERABLY.This had a decent amount of potential . It was basically what Donnie Darko would have been if the tale had been told from the perspective of Frank of Bunny instead of Donnie . Plus , for a direct to DVD movie , I thought the acting was n't all that bad . Daveigh Chase did a phenonial job . For the originality of the different perspective in the story and the decent acting -LRB- the soundtrack was n't bad either -RRB- I gave it the extra star . But , honestly , how I felt after I finished the movie made me really want to only give a 1-star review.I think my biggest complaint was that the original Darko movie wrapped up all the loose ends nicely , and there were a lot more `` ah-ha ! '' type of moments . This movie really lacked that . Plus , there was just so much that did n't make sense . Such as the feather that was grabbed from the television set . What on earth was THAT all about ? Plus , having lived in Utah a lot of my life ... and having spent a large amount of time in small Utah towns , I can attest that they did n't capture the real essence of a small Utah town in the desert at all . It was more like this was filmed in New Mexico or something.In the end , I wish I had n't watched this at all . I would be much better off just re-enjoying Donnie Darko -LRB- the original movie -RRB- instead ... or taking a nap . Sometimes you should really just leave things alone once you 've done a good enough job with it .
 Basically , this entire film was an attempt to recapture the thrill of Donnie Darko . It failed in every way imaginable . I honestly could n't watch the thing straight through but just kind of skipped to get the jist of the plot , which tanked . Do n't waste your time to give it a chance .
 were bad i stopped watching it after that . maybe you will like it but if you liked donnie darko DONT watch this it just tarnishes its great name !
 S. Darko is awful . It has way too many sub-plots for the length of the film , and none of them are done enough justice to be included . Even the `` point '' of Sam 's time traveling is n't given enough attention , and loose ends are left all over the place . The acting is horrible ; really , truly terrible . Maybe that was the director 's fault . I ca n't get into everything that is wrong with this movie without spoiling it , but just know that it is awful , and I have a guilty pleasure for semi-bad movies.This film is a disaster of epic proportions , and I 'm not saying that because I liked the first Darko film . This movie is bad enough without being compared to its predecessor .
 I tried to go into this one with no bias . . especially since the first one was so good , I did n't want to ruin it either way . but man this was a major fail . this movie was the equivalent to an encore of your favorite band but done by badgers dropping acid , just really long and drawn out -- and maybe with a few falling rocks from the sky . ouch , not worth the watch .
 Surprised nobody has commentd on the cinematography . I think that is all that is worth seeing . Big sky and lots of color.The story was like David Lynch movies
 Was this movie meant to be a parody of its predecessor ? No . Did it turn out that way ? In my eyes , yes . If you 're looking for the same level of writing , directing and/or acting as `` Donnie Darko '' , you 'll be sorely disappointed.The first thing the viewer should take note of -- or rather , beware of -- is the fact Elizabeth Berkley is billed near the top . God bless her , I never thought she 'd be able to top `` Showgirls '' as the worst movie she 's been in ... `` S. Darko '' definitely gives the formerly mentioned flop a run for its money.Oh , and yes David J. Brown -LRB- most helpful customer reviewer -RRB- , I did watch it all the way through . I just do n't happen to agree with your opinion of the quality entertainment this flick provides . I wo n't bother with the plot
 Did you like Donnie Darko ? Are you curious about this sequal ? Well please do n't buy this awful movie . It should have never been made . As you know , sequals are almost always worse than the original , and so is this one . Even with low expectations , the low quality of this movie managed to surprise me . First off , the overall tone of the movie is unbearable . The characters are generic and their lines are predictably art filmy . It is long , boring , has unlikable characters , and worse of all destroys the meaning behind the original .
 I really did . I am die hard Donnie Darko . I have the movie poster in my house and `` Cellar Door '' on my car . So when I saw they were making this i cringed a little.But ... I was gon na give it a fair shake.I love everyone in this movie ... That 's all I can say . It messed with the entire mythology and , well , it just sucked . It maybe could 've been a stand alone sci-fi at some point , but calling it a Donnie Darko tale was the kiss of death.And by the way ... Why is no one flinching when those meteors are falling all around them ? Its odd .
 If you loved , and I mean loved , the film Donnie Darko then this film might hold some appeal for you . However , if you 've never seen the aforementioned `` D. Darko '' or were just a mild to moderate fan of the original film then you can easily skip this sad attempt to continue the `` Darko Mythos '' that picks 7 years after the last film with the mind numbingly lame escapades of Donnie 's youngest sister . Do yourself a favor and watch the director 's cut of Donnie Darko instead of this hackey sequel .
 I tried to accept it as a stand-alone project , rather than a continuation of the classic `` Donnie Darko '' . Sadly , this film does n't work on either level . `` S. Darko '' is a film sorely lacking a plot , clarifying -LRB- or even multi-syllabic -RRB- dialog , or particularly interesting characters . References are lifted from `` Donnie Darko '' and sprinkled on top of what really is a scrap of story . Whereas every element in DD served a purpose and left you genuinely wondering why and how the Tangent Universe existed , what is reality or fantasy , and had a likeable cast and was filmed with sly humor , SD is a ragtage assemblage of one-dimensional characters that drift in and out but explain nothing . Nothing becomes clearer on repeated viewings or from the Director 's commentary . Being confusing or writing a poor screenplay is not the same as being cryptic or clever.The film itself has some impressive scenery of Utah at its disposal , but otherwise the special effects and sets are of low quality . As mentioned , the dialog is just awful . The mid-90 's timeframe is not utilized as was 1988 so successfully in DD . In fact , this could take place in any small town . Instead , we 're in `` Conejo '' -LRB- Rabbit -RRB- Springs , Utah , where there 's an auto repair shop named `` Frank 's '' and a reappearance of the bunny mask . All these winks to the original deserve better explanation than just being random placements . There 's a character `` Iraq Jack '' who looks vaguely like Jake Gyllenhaal , and he , along with Samantha , are the only ties to the original that could have been developed in a way to give this film a point . But they 're not . The much-discussed `` twist '' is neither shocking or effective in setting up any conflict or resolution . At the end , one is left wondering not `` What happened '' , but `` why did someone go to the effort of making a 100 + minute film where nothing makes sense '' ? Save your cash , folks . If you 're morbidly curious , rent it .
 Ask yourself
 I wasted 2 hours of my life watching this . Even if the director really enjoyed Donnie Darko , he failed to recreate the magic of the first film , because he basically just copied most of the rules of the original movie 's universe and tossed them into another -LRB- less interesting -RRB- story with little to no explanation as to why or how it happens , making this film basically Donnie Darko minus most of the actual theory and philosophy.The basic upshot is that all the stuff that happened in Donnie Darko is still happening , but now his little sister and a bunch of people in some other town are involved . That 's it . Samantha Darko 's part is poorly written , too . She just seems to float along with whatever 's going on , wandering around the town for seemingly no reason other than to run into all the characters . Is this supposed to be like a video game or something?The movie also repeats the theme of Donnie Darko 's sacrifice all of 3 times , with 3 different characters , and serves only to cheapen Donnie 's role . As for the supporting cast , most of the characters are either obvious parallels of characters from the original film , or are completely superfluous.As if that were n't enough of a slap in the face , the screenplay is slow paced and at times pretty aimless , there are too many pointless time-lapse footage sequences that contain no plot development , the music choices range from merely ok to downright awful , and at the end of the film , one guy is dead , and no one has learned anything , including the viewer . The moments of realization between characters after the time sequences that would have tied the events in this movie together are just not there . You can tell they were supposed to be , but it 's like they just did n't get how to portray that.They could almost improve this film by taking out all the filler scenes and blowing away the entire soundtrack -LRB- except for the song that was used in the movie trailer -RRB- On a positive note , the role of Iraq Jack was well played . His death sequence was the only part of the movie that captured any of what Donnie Darko was about . Also Daviegh Chase did a pretty good job of portraying her poorly written character.But I ca n't recommend S. Darko at all . She is n't a compelling character , and this is n't a compelling story . There was no reason to make this movie . There are worse things you could watch , but there is also Donnie Darko that you could just watch again and have a better time.Funny side note
 I just got through watching S.Darko and I must say I was completly lost . and after reading the reviews here I can tell my mistake was not wathing the first film . and I didnt read any of the book 's if their was any . Hey look i 'm not a book worm or film analist , i just a normal person looking for a good movies to watch and this wasnt it . I was lost from the beginning and never found my way in this movie . it was very boring , and very slow . the movie made no since to me what so ever . I guess if I had seen the first one I would be able to understand this movie and would be able to follow it . So if anyone reading this review and are thinking about buying it or renting It , I just have to tell you to stop and wathc the first one or read the first book .
 I have to honestly say this was one of the worst ideas I ever seen . First of all `` Donnie Darko '' was not sequel material . It was done about as good as it could have been done . This movie made very little since and there was no character development what so ever . I cared nothing about the characters they were n't memorable at all . Everyone in the movie was grade C at best with no headliners . Watch this only out of curiosity nothing more . Boring Boring Boring Boring ! Donnie Darko was a slow mover but it still kept interest . Then they tried to tie in Donnie as her brother when you saw no signs of this ? No family , no characters that connected to her ? I am warning everyone save yourself the pain and mental torture ! If you want to watch something good that is a mind movie Watch `` Inland Empire '' .
 I 'm a huge Donnie Darko fan and was excited to see this ... I could n't even make it past 20 minutes of this . It seems to be a pointless , boring teen film . I would give it 0 stars if that was an option . Do n't waste your time or money on this piece of crap .
 Pretty much everything that can be said about this movie is already said elsewhere . this is the cheapest , dumbest , sequel ever . The only good part of the movie was getting to see Donnie 's sister Sam after she 's grown up to be immersivelly hot . She is gorgeous . But what they put her through , essentially turning her into another Donnie . . is terrible . . I hope she gets in some other role , but they did her a disservice with this script .
 Just do n't . None of the original cast except Samantha , and she ca n't act . This is an insult to the genius of Donnie Darko .
 I thought this movie was going to be amazing . I was wrong . I also thought that this movie was taking pace the same time as the other one , again I was wrong but I guess this one could be my fault . S. Darko captured none of the first films points or the plot or anything . S. Darko had seemingly no plot at all . Most of the time I was watching this I had no idea what was going on . Also they bring back those gooey things that show you where the people are going and they behave differently in this movie , with no explanation . Many things are left open ended and very little is explained . If you like good movies , please do n't watch this .
 This was a half hearted , quarter budgeted recreation of the original . It had no energy acting -LRB- like the first -RRB- that lacked the charm , heart and creepiness of the original . I loved Donnie Darko , sure I did n't understand it at first , but it was charming and there were subleties that you pick up on when you watch it a second time.This movie was Samantha 's story 7 years later on a road trip with a friend to become a dancer . Their car soon breaks down in a desert town in Utah where the first night of their breakdown a meteorite crashes that creates a fracture in time . Think I 'm ruining it ? The movie does that 10 minutes in and it is no big mystery.The casting was a little strange , because too many members of the cast looked similar.Without the charm and quirky humor it made the movie a chore to watch . It seemed very long and did n't quite make sense . Did n't make sense to the point there had to be two or three wormholes by the end of the movie . The fact that the evil bunny appears in the movie made little to no sense considering Frank was n't in the movie , or in the time zone.We all love Donnie Darko or else you would n't be reading this , but please skip this movie . You should know how bad it is , when the trailer for the movie shows scenes from the original , but does n't show any scenes from this movie .
 Although the director of S. Darko has stated he 's a huge fan of the original `` Darko '' , how could this be the case when the sequel is nothing but a cookie cutter , formulaic hodgepodge follow up which adds nothing new to the franchise while managing to screw it up royally ? Did we really need infectious extraterrestrial hypercubes falling from the sky ??? This is n't mysterious -- it 's just dumb . All of the characters were lame to boot . I realize that viewers , including myself , had high expectations for a sequel to `` Donnie '' that probably could never be met . So maybe I 'm being a little overcritical . In fact , if S. Darko had n't been the sequel of a masterpiece ... actually it still would have sucked .
 Since I am not a huge fan of Richard Kelly 's cult classic `` Donnie Darko '' -LRB- though I was impressed with its surreal visuals and concepts that kept me involved -RRB- , I was n't much shocked to hear the news of a sequel . You just ca n't stop movie producers from making one -LRB- remember `` The Hidden II '' ? -RRB- . What is really shocking is that with head-scratching plot holes and cringe-inducing dialogues `` S. Darko '' is something else , something dull and pretentious . `` S. Darko '' is about Donnie 's sister Samantha Darko -LRB- Daveigh Chase reprising her role in `` Donnie Darko '' -RRB- . It has been seven years since the events of the previous film . Samantha left her hometown , and is on the road trip with her best friend Corey -LRB- Briana Evigan -RRB- . The two travelers get stuck in a small Utah town when their car breaks down . Well , I thought this is not a bad beginning . Turned out I was totally wrong.For `` S. Darko '' is very boring by any standards . A series of things happens during Samantha 's sojourn in the town , and they are virtually plucked from the original
 A Macbeth quote is far more succint and coherent than my own series of words I 'd throw up on a screen to fully describe it . My own words would be that it 's a muddled , incoherent , rambling , meandering , scattershot , nonsensical , pretentious mess . The cinematic equivalent of a fanboy wannabe re-creating her favorite film with her own touches to it , adding some esoteric meaning behind certain symbols or ideas beyond that of the first film , or entirely incidental , as if worshipping `` Donnie Darko '' so fanatically , every little detail is some meaningful icon.Warning for potential spoilers.The movie is one hour and forty minutes long approximately , and there is no coherent plot unfolding all the way into it . Whereas `` Donnie Darko '' had the unifying thread of the world ending and Donnie having visions of Frank the bunny ordering him to do things , this EXACT SAME CONCEPT involving some random minor character is just one subplot to several other plot threads that have little to no relation to the `` Donnie Darko '' - style plot unfolding in some small way , and in some cases turn out to be complete red herrings.The characters involved are Samantha Darko and her friend Corey randomly driving to some random town in some random state . I say `` random '' as placeholders , because I do n't know what they 're doing or why ; no explanation is given or needed . Corey 's car breaks down , so Sam lays in the road until they hail down a guy in a red car called Randy , and they make friends with him and just start drifting aimlessly through life for the next few days , with Corey in particular drinking and partying a lot while S Darko looks vulnerable and gentle and acts nice to people Corey harasses for no reason.They meet a nerdy-looking guy called Jeremy , played by Jackson Rathbone , and his role in the film is probably the most pointless . His character just butts in to storylines , contributing nothing , being rejected , then growing a `` rash '' that looks like wads of furry plastic lava that is neither explained nor resolved in any way ; it 's just there for no reason , people notice it , and that 's all . His character arc ends in a way that had no buildup at all , no justification , and almost no relevance to the other plotlines at all.Just about halfway through the film , it exposes itself as being pretty much a direct copy of Donnie Darko 's plotline , involving `` portals '' or `` vortexes '' or `` black holes '' and `` alternate universes '' and objects from one universe appearing in another -LRB- as was the case with the jet engine that killed Donnie Darko -RRB- , only this time , through a series of newspaper articles , it 's pretty much explained that random things always fall from the sky or appear out of nowhere to kill random people for no reason . And while Donnie was on an active quest to learn more about time travel , portals/vortexes , multiple universes , etcetera , Samantha 's whole quest for this solely involves asking if black holes are part of God 's plan , and a throwaway reference to vortexes mentioned by someone at some point.There 's a guy called Justin who is the town nutsack who everyone has no problem talking about wanting to kill him , and who acts crazy , and is haunted by the same sorts of ghostythings that Donnie saw in the form of Frank the bunny . This time , the ghosty-thing is in the form of Samantha Darko herself , who just like Frank , perpetually sports the outfit she was wearing at the time of her death , and the wound that caused it . The same dealy with Billy , a boy who is missing , and whose storyline is a COMPLETE and TOTAL red herring , contributing NOTHING AT ALL to the story at all.The point where the film starts becoming a blatant `` Donnie Darko '' ripoff occurs when Corey insults Samantha on the side of the road , while in a car with Randy and some friends , getting herself kicked out of the car , and another car appears out of nowhere and smashes into his car . Somehow , Samantha ends up dead , and OUT OF NOWHERE , Corey starts becoming interested in time travel and the stuff involved in `` Donnie Darko '' . Rather than taking an entire film of exploration and discovery and hidden messages , she somehow figures it out within a few minutes into the movie , and goes back in time to save Samantha , while she ends up dead herself in the same accident.After this , a whole lot of nothing happens . Another red herring appears in the cool , hot young priest guy who is a sexual predator and pedophile , a BLATANT ripoff of Patrick Swayze 's character in `` Donnie Darko '' , except with absolutely NO purpose whatsoever . He tries to molest Samantha in a theater , but that 's about it.The end part involves Justin , who is actually Roberta Sparrow 's grandson , being the `` Donnie Darko '' of this tale ; as Donnie was drawn out of his house by ghosty-Frank just as the jet engine destroyed his room , Jack was drawn off of a windmill by ghosty-Samantha just as a meteor destroyed it . So he goes back in time , stays on the mill , and gets killed by the meteor , and both Samantha and Corey get to live . Up until this point , Justin was barely characterized , barely fleshed out , and barely introduced as being anything more than a living plot device , and suddenly he becomes the `` sacrificial victim '' for the girls to survive . For no reason except to connect it to `` Donnie Darko '' , he creates a creepy-bunny mask just like Frank did in the first film.A lot of decisions made in the movie exist solely to be pretentious , to present a moody , surreal , artistic look , desperately trying to MEAN something , and yet ultimately meaning nothing . - The bunny mask - Billy , the missing boy - The mirror-reversed movie marquee scene - The car suddenly appearing out of nowhere to cause the accident - Tiny meteors randomly striking the Earth at the end , which NO ONE NOTICES - A tesseract traveling through some sort of portal-tube - Jeremy 's `` rash '' - Jeremy - The Pastor - Trudy -LRB- the woman obsessed with the pastor -RRB- - The watery tube-things that come out of certain people -LRB- the mystique of which is completely destroyed in one scene when the ghosty-Billy tells Corey to bring her ` water ' -RRB- - Samantha 's obsession with unicorns - Justin burning down a church at ghosty-Samantha 's bidding -LRB- same as in Donnie Darko -RRB- - The motel guy and his obsession with the meteor that hit the windmillAll that I listed there had literally NOTHING to do with the plot at all . ALL of those were complete red herrings . Some were there only to complete the blatant ripoff of the plot to `` Donnie Darko '' . Others were just there for their own sake .
 Even looking at this movie as its own separate entity from its predecessor , it really lacks substance . The plot goes round and round in circles , seemingly never going anywhere . I see the parallels between the pinwheel and the windmill and in the way Sam waves goodbye to Randy and the rabbit ears/mask , but so many events are not clearly explained that the movie becomes disappointing by the end . At one point , we leave the main character Sam entirely and focus through the eyes of her best friend , which totally throws off the perspective . We journey back in time a few times , when once would have sufficed , to correct any wrong past occurences . It seems we never save the little boy , and he is the reason we begin this adventure into another realm/parallel universe . Maybe there is more meaning beneath the surface that I just do not observe ; so perhaps others would enjoy this trippy , nonsensical movie -LRB- ??? -RRB- .
 Okay , this is a straight to video release to start with , so nobody is expecting oscar gold here . The only possible demographic this movie is catering to is fans of Donnie Darko . This movie can not be viewed on it 's own , because the whole premise of this movie is that we 've seen Donnie Darko . Having said that , this movie insults my intelligence . It takes a movie that requires you to think about it , and asks that you just mindlessly absorb the sequel and ooh and ahh at it 's rehashed images of the original . If anyone was smart enough to understand Donnie Darko , how can they be stupid enough to buy anything this movie is trying to sell ? So Samantha Darko has a drawing that Donnie did of Frank , who , in the timeline that survived in the first movie , never existed in the first place . She also has a book that , again , was never given to Donnie in the timeline that she is from . So if we just ignore those two , glaring omissions to logic , we can continue to watch the movie . The acting is not horrible for a straight to video release -LRB- you do n't agree ? go watch any of the 35 straight to video movies Steven Segal has put out in the last few years and then tell me this is horrible acting -RRB- and I can somewhat be entertained by the first portion of the movie . The second half of the movie is really just rehashing some scenes from Donnie Darko , over and over , for no real apparent reason . ** Spoilers -LRB- haha -RRB- ahead ** They really liked filming the silent montage of various scenes in the movie in reverse , as this was done multiple times . The main character dies at least twice , and all sorts of other characters seem to have Donnies powers of time travel . Why ? Good question . I have no idea . The super-nerd gets meteroite-enhanced powers of uhhhh , festering sores , and then promptly disappears and is not heard from again , nor is any explaination given as to why any of that is happening . Everything is heavily based on Roberta Sparrow 's Philosophy of Time Travel , which we could only know anything about if we 'd seen not just Donnie Darko , but the Directors cut of Donnie Darko , which actually explained what was going on . So to say I 'm not viewing this movie on it 's own , only comparing it to Donnie Darko , well , if I had n't seen Donnie Darko , I would have absolutely no idea what anything in this movie was even attempting to portray , so you kind of have to have seen the original . If this movie had been anything more than a poor attempt at re-hashing a great movie it may have stood a chance . It is obviously just a cash grab aimed at fans of Donnie Darko , and should in no way be seen as a decent movie on it 's own . I was just curious , so I rented it , and it was n't as bad as a lot of people said it was -LRB- see , I gave it 2 stars ? -RRB- but it was by no means a good movie , or a worthy sequel . You want a good sequel to a cult hit ? Go see Boondock Saints 2 .
 This is one of the biggest movie sequel let downs I 've ever had the displeasure of . Most movies I 'm upset with the way they are . I just think to myself not going to watch this again . This movie actually had me pissed off . I wanted to destroy it to ensure no other person had to torture themselves with this horrid piece of trash . Please stay away no matter how much you loved Donnie Darko .
 Uninspired garbage - captures none of the magic of the original film , and instead focuses on rehashing visual cues . It 's not clever , it 's not mysterious , it 's not fun . It 's hard to imagine a worse way to disgrace a director you love than to make an unwelcome sequel to his signature film .
 I am a huge fan of Donnie Darko so I decided get this movie thinking it would be good . This is probably the worst movie ever made . It made no sense at all and it was hard to follow . This movie is n't worth watching even if it was free or the last movie on the planet . I only gave it 2 stars because Matthew Davis is in this movie .
 This movie is absolutely TERRIBLE !! Waste of money and time . watch Southland Tales instead . That film was made by Richard Kelly and feels like a spiritual sequel , plus it 's as good as Donnie Darko .
 I never thought that something following the great Donnie Darko would be this bad . Boy was I wrong.Ignore this piece of franchise exploiting trash !
 To be fair , I have to admit that `` S. Darko '' is at a disadvantage to begin with simply for being the sequel to one of the most defining cult films of my generation . How do you begin to follow up a film that countless folks adore and identify with ? ... Well , I doubt we 'll ever know , since the overpowering blunder of this movie ought to guarantee that nobody 's about to try to make another sequel for a long time . Plainly , `` S. Darko '' is a poorly-contrived mess
 I really should n't be surprised that Fox ended up making a direct to DVD sequel to Richard Kelly 's cult classic Donnie Darko , and I really should n't be much more surprised that Kelly has nothing to do with the film at all . In any case , S. Darko
 I really should n't be surprised that Fox ended up making a direct to DVD sequel to Richard Kelly 's cult classic Donnie Darko , and I really should n't be much more surprised that Kelly has nothing to do with the film at all . In any case , S. Darko
 Nothing like Donnie Darko except a few references , so people who enjoyed the original will probably not like this movie . As a stand-alone movie , it seems to drag on but might be worth a watch if you 're not a big fan of Donnie Darko .
 s. Darko was n't nearly as bad as I thought it would be , but that still is n't saying much . I love Donnie Darko as it seems to be a film that gets better with each viewing . When news that a sequel to the film was being made , the question that plagued me and every other person who was a fan of the first film was , `` Why ? '' Did the original really leave much room for a sequel ? Not in my eyes . The sequel does little to add to the story established in the first film . It pretty much treads the same ground . The world is going to end again . An element that is different in the film is that more than one person is having the visions this time around . While it makes sense that Sam is having these visions , it does n't really add up why these other people are having them as well . The movie does a lot of back tracking . A lot of things are explained only to rewind and have it play out differently , which makes full use of the time travel element of the film but kind of leaves the viewer wondering if the film was nothing more than a waste of time once the ending rolls around . The film just seems to recycle most of the ingredients of the first film -LRB- time travel , Frank the Bunny ... even though he 's not Frank this time around , religion playing a roll in the film , black holes , etc -RRB- and is unable to establish itself as a decent sequel , let alone its own film.The scene in Donnie Darko that has `` Head Over Heels '' by Tears For Fears playing in the background while we see Donnie arrive at school and the `` Mad World '' scene are really the first scenes that come to mind when I think of the original film . The soundtrack played a pivotal role in the film . In s. Darko , there is n't really a scene like that and the soundtrack is forgettable , which really only hurt the film in the long run.s . Darko walks a thin line between paying homage to the original film and complete bastardization . Its plot tries to string the viewer along this intelligent and thought provoking story , but executes doing so in clumsy fashion . It resembles a circus seal waiting for its reward after playing that ensemble with its nose on the horns currently residing in front of it . It 'll really only be accessible to people who were fans of the first film , which is ironic since the film will probably just wind up irritating those fans . If you can ignore the first film entirely and have no expectations for this , then you may find yourself with a direct to video release that is ... pretty much just that .
 I can remember a defining moment for me in this film when , only a few minutes in , the titular character looks out her car window and sees a CGI unicorn made of clouds running alongside her . I immediately reached for my gun , but a compassionate friend stopped me , ensuring me that this could n't possibly be the two hour long Guess Jeans commercial it was setting itself up to be.My friend was damn wrong.S . Darko is a sequel , like Troll 2 or the Second World War . The direction is hopelessly one-note and plagiaristic , the dialogue is reminiscent of a TV spot for Calvin Klein cologne , and the story is less a sequel , and more an accidental anthology of mini sequels , each sucking a little harder than the last.Remember the pensive sequences in Donnie Darko where they 'd show a time lapse of cloud cover , or morose suburbanites living out their lives to a somber soundtrack ? Well , this movie does , and is considerate enough to include 50 or 60 shot-for-shot reproductions of those scenes for those who might 've forgotten . With the bulk of the movie thus out of the way , the remaining running time is filled with multiple time travels that are impossible to care about , because they 're established , abandoned , and picked up again like a relay baton in the Special Olympics.Also , the principle relationship between Sam and her idiot friend is painfully bad . You know the one
 As a big fan of Donnie Darko I was curious to see the pseudo-sequel , S. Darko.Even going in with low expectations -LRB- I never trust sequels -RRB- I was disappointed by this film . Right off the bat it said to me , `` Hi , I 'm an art film . I 'm full of brooding , sexy characters doing and saying things for inexplicable reasons . Even my outcasts and nerds are attractive people in glasses and high-water pants . '' Forty minutes into the film I replied to it , `` You do n't have characters , you have caricatures . '' The nerd was a total social misfit with feigned awkwardness , the cool kids were , as mentioned , brooding and sexy and had no sympathy toward the nerd -LRB- who turned out to be secretly creepy -RRB- . There were Christians in the movie , but they were , of course , closet child-molesters and seemed incapable of finishing a conversation without mentioning that they know Jesus . They were framing the local Gulf War veteran , who was inevitably crazy , for their crimes . The ex-soldier was guilt-ridden for war-crimes he committed ... oddly all things that sounded like Viet Nam and certainly not the Gulf War of the early 1990 's . There was a farmer who was an ignoramus and did n't know the difference between `` Apocalypse '' and `` Acropolis '' and a cop who looked like a male stripper getting ready for his act at the bachelorette party . The aging waitress at the diner liked to talk about how she was attractive when she was young . Oh , and inevitably , the drunk-driving jerk cool-kid turns out to be the most decent guy in town.What the movie lacked was any of the mystery of Donnie Darko . It was a showcase for pretty people to act brooding and sexy and turn out to be attractive nerds . While I know I will watch the original again and enjoy it . I may not ever view this film again .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Donnie Darko was truly an original and memorable movie . Darko was written and directed by a young and gifted filmmaker named Richard Kelly . The movie struck a massive chord with its intended audience after the studio botched its theatrical run . The DVD sold like hotcakes and was one of my favorite films of 2001 . Flash forward to the here and now and we have S. Darko , a pseudo-intellectual wet noodle of a debacle . S. Darko is nearly unwatchable and easily the worst film of the year so far . Poorly acted -LRB- most of the miscast young actors stumble around vacantly and able to produce a single emotion -RRB- , written , and directed , its a miserable movie-watching experience.S . Darko is about Donnie 's sister Samantha -LRB- a broody and sullen Emo -RRB- who wanders around with another sneering Emo on a road trip to So Cal . Their car breaks down in a hellish small town in Utah populated by a hunky mechanic -LRB- a comatose Chuck Bass from Gossip Girl -RRB- . Chuck smokes and tries to look edgy and seductive in Hanes white T-shirts in an odd bid to prove his heterosexuality , but he fails miserably , much like the movie in general . The other characters include Iraq Jack -LRB- wtf -RRB- , a totally miscast and awful James Lafferty of the popular CW teen soap One Tree Hill . We also get a dumb cop , freaky Christians and an embarrassed looking Elizabeth Berkley of Showgirls and Saved by the Bell fame , blurting out some of the worst dialogue ever written . The plot has the basic conceits of the first film , minus any kind of menace , style , or wit . The bunny mask is there , the head has barbed wire around it so Iraq Jack can mutilate himself . A gratuitous and gruesome scene ensues . There 's so many holes in the movie , I lost track after 50 or so . At one point meteorites start falling all around and no one seems to notice or care . The combination of the awful CGI and the non-reaction from the dead cast did produce some laughs . At this point I lost the will to keep going.S . Darko sucks . Fans of the original movie deserve better than this turd . This film should have never been made . I lost at least 20 IQ points during this flick . I need to rinse the memory of this flick from my mind forever . I still have no idea what possessed me to watch this movie in the first place , I knew it was going to be terrible . All I can say is they made me do it ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I , like many other avid Donnie Darko fans , was 80 % angry to hear this movie was coming out ... but at the same time , 20 % excited at the possibility as well . I could n't help thinking they would soil the premise and ideas behind Donnie Darko -- try to change the artistic brilliance of the original into a formula.But , I rented it anyways and wanted to actually give it a chance without being TOO pre-judgmental . Sadly , it turns out I was right to pre-judge , I thought thy were going to try to capitalize on what made DD so unique , and I was SO VERY right . From the opening shot of a skyline , you can feel the blatant mockery and lack of any original direction or cinematography.But still , I kept on watching -- and I kept on being disappointed . All of the actors were stiff , including Samantha -LRB- Donnie 's little sister -RRB- , and the friend she was traveling with was extremely annoying to look at and listen to.There was no plot really , no storyline -- not even a general direction outside of a failure to mimic the orginal 's . It was more like they literally went out of their was to mock DD instead of pay homage to it in a continuation/sequel . They amplified everything surreal about DD by 100 % and dumbed it all down -- somehow making the movie far more incoherent than DD was . I agree with the other reviewer who said Samantha just wandered aimlessly through the movie for the most part -- and her character as well as the rest of the movie was terribly written . And I also agree with that reviewer when he said the prop guys need to be fired.However , I made it a little over half-way through the movie and had to turn it off . I was just too horrible . Even as a stand-alone movie , if it were n't affiliated with Richard Kelly 's masterpiece whatsoever , it would still be an awfully dreadful excuse for a smart , surreal film . I believe the only way the movie could 've been worse is if Steven Seagal had been in it as the Manipulated Dead ... but at least that would 've been comical.I think they just tried far too hard to recreate the magic of Donnie Darko , and ended up slaughtering the premise instead . I personally hope that the director of this was n't a fan of the original , because if he was -- he should be very ashamed of himself . And even though I 'm sure she just needed the money , Daveigh Chase should also be ashamed of herself for partaking in this.IT SIMPLY DOES N'T WORK ON ANY LEVEL ! I tried , World , I really did ... so very hard.And if you 're reading this having never seen the original Donnie Darko , buy the dvdDonnie Darko - The Director 's Cut -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- or Blu-RayDonnie Darko -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- instead ... PLEASE .
 I 'm not sure if this is supposed to be a sequel or an homage , but what it is n't is a cohesive , quality movie in its own right . Much if not all of the imagery , and the basic premises , are entirely taken from the original film , AND it does n't even use them well.Donnie Darko is a brilliant movie because it takes surreal elements such as Fred , the life paths , and time travel , really introduces and justifies them to the audience , and then uses them to tell a compelling story with a beginning , middle , and end . This film incorporates the life paths , but to no particular purpose . They get one character from point a to point b , and that 's it . There is no reason for them to even be included.The time travel/sacrifice `` bit '' that absolutely made Donnie Darko is used again , not once but twice . I might excuse it if it were to save two different people , but they were both for Sam . Not that she was n't lovely and compelling , but really . That just seems greedy . The worst part , though , is that the second `` rewind '' brings us back to a status quo with a little boy dying of starvation in a cave . No good movie ever , ever ends with children dying cold and alone.Nothing , in short , is resolved . The two friends do n't even make up ; Sam returns to a family situation that is only making her miserable , leaving Corey to `` crash for something like ever '' in the middle of nowhere . Both of their projected futures are incredibly bleak . Perhaps Corey is meant to find some kind of happiness with Randy , but if she were , I think it would be indicated earlier.Speaking of Randy , why does he even exist ? -LRB- Except to be pretty I mean -RRB- He has a moment of empathy with Sam over their dead brothers , but other than that he 's a free-floating plot point that goes from seemingly unnecessary to downright awkward when he tries to reconnect with both Corey and Sam after having inadvertently killed their best friend.In fact , most of the characters have no seeming purpose or arc . Jeremy at first seems like he 's going to turn out to be the good guy that Corey writes off for no good reason , but he seems to prove that first judgments are oddly accurate . Pastor John is just creepy throughout the film , and he is never called to account for his actions , nor is Trudy . Iraq Jack is less purposeless , but his arc is basically a bastardized version of Donnie 's in the first film , which brings me to my next point
 To be brief , . . so as to not waste your time like I did on this movie.Yet another in a very long list of films that portray Christians in an intolerant disrespectful and judgmental way . A ridiculous film about the universe being saved by young beautiful and perfect , anti-Christian secularists that have superior morality , supernatural spiritualism , and intellect.In other words , ... Godless democrats saving the world , ... again , and making you hate Christians while doing it .
 Wonderfail . Simple as that - it is crap . It is a complete farce to call it `` Darko '' as it is only very loosely related to the film , Donnie Darko , which was an incredible movie.I do not have a lot to write about it because I already wasted near two hours of my life watching it and I do not wish to waste much more because of it . The entire first hour was dreadful and boring , the second hour did not make sense . Do not see it - even for free . Simply wonderfail .
 Even if the original cast and crew attempted to provide a sequel it would have been hard enough to work , however this was simply a very bad , bad , bad idea ! The only thing I can relate this to is Halloween III which had no business in the franchise as this should n't have either ! I ` ts like the backstreet boys trying to cover the Beatles ! For ethical reasons the producers and anyone else involved should pull this movie and refund the money to to those unfortunate enough to buy it like the tainted peanut butter ! And to make things even more ironic this sad waste of money has the terrible actress from saved by the bell and showgirls ... I ca n't go on anymore , my blood pressure is going through the roof !
 I honestly have not seen this but when amazon sent my an e-mail to check it out I knew it was a bad idea . Just like The Crow , a sequel is just not a good idea . Do n't waste your time and hard earned money for something that will be no where near as satisfing as Donnie Darko -LRB- the actual movie -RRB-
 Donnie Darko is one of the greatest movies of our time . S.Darko should have never been made . It 's an abomination to an amazing film .
 it is preposterous that they even used the name donnie darko in the title . this has to be the worst `` sequel '' , if you will even call it that , i have ever seen in my life . i mean saw 5 was pretty bad but this was just ridiculous .
 Hey , remember that time that Donnie Darko came out and it was so confusing I could n't enjoy it , but then after watching it again it became one of my fav movies ? Then remember they were going to make a sequel ? Then remember how the sequel was horrible?Me and my buddy sat down to watch this last week and about an hour into it I was saying , `` Is this almost over ? '' `` Seems like it has been on for two hours ! '' So boring ... . The only thing that saved it was the hot chick from Step Up 2 was in there ... . A matter of fact she is the only thing that made step up 2 worth seeing . She saves movies , she is like a movie doctor , man I love her . That scene in step up 2 with the rain ... . man she gets 5 stars .
 This is one of the worst sequels ever made . I would venture to say worse even that Highlander 2 . It simply borrows bits and pieces from the original movie -LRB- which was brilliant -RRB- and throws them together hap hazardly . For example a copy of the rabbit mask that featured in the first movie was made by a character in this one out of welded metal , he the proceeds to force it on his head . But why ? In the first movie there was a point the the rabbit mask , in the second it was as though the script writer thought `` oh crap , we 'd better get that in somewhere so it looks like the original '' and just stuffed it in anywhere . Richard Kelly created one of the most enigmatic , clever and interesting movies in Donnie Darko . What happened in S Darko ? Did Richard refuse to write another so they formed a committee to create a script ? I get the impression that the writers watched Donnie Darko , did n't understand a word of it then tried to recreate it in the way a junior high school student cuts and pastes a bad essay from wikipedia . The only good thing I 'd say is that Briana Evigan looks stunning throughout the movie . Save your $ 20 and buy a poster of Briana instead , you 'll get all the benefit of her pretty face and wo n't waste two hours of your life .
 I could n't watch this because Amazon.com failed to tell me that blu-ray movies are coded , just like dvds . So I opened it meaning no refund , and have no lost $ 30 . Awesome .
 Ok ... So after work me and my homie decided we would see this movie at a local theatre since it was `` free '' BIG MISTAKE . I do n't know anything about the 1st movie at all , but this thing did not make ANY since at all !! Just when they would focus on 1 thing they would change everything up . The main things that make no since to me ... `` Everything '' Myself and everyone who left the movie were confused . I said aloud `` Did ANYONE understand this ? '' I recieved severial staggered `` NO '' responces . From there I went straight to google for possible insight on a grand scheme for the movie that I maybe missed ... Thanks to the other reviews I see I am not quite alone . I want to see the 1st movie now and bask in its greatness . I am very open-minded to new things and views , but this movie was horrible . This movie should be put on display for all directors to study if they plan to make a sequel . The title should really be `` What not to do when you are making a sequel '' .
 I 've seen Donnie Darko a number of times , but I 'm not a member of the official DD religious cult and do n't know the secret handshake . I bought this movie hoping that it would be well made and interesting , even if it might be an insult to the original like alot of sequels are . Well , turns out it is n't particularly well made or interesting , and is an insult to the original . The filmmakers were in a virtual no win situation in that they would have to hit one out of the park to satisfy fans of Donnie Darko , and those who never saw DD would probably be scratching their heads wondering what the heck was going on . The script was pretty bad with lines like , `` What do you think God 's farts taste like '' ? `` Marshmallow Peeps '' . Awesome . The character , or charicatures if you will , were unlikable cliches of slutty party girl , hopelessly marose girl , nerdy guy , religious zealots , overcompensating cool drunk guy with his smokes rolled up in the sleeve of his T-shirt , just like the cool guys in real life , and mentally unhinged war vet . The acting was stiff and uninspired , as was the directing , editing , special FX ... . The guy playing Iraq Jack was the only one who seemed to be trying at all . The meteor shower of the appocalypse at the end had all the fury of snow flakes and went unnoticed by the actors . Maybe it was a last minute addition to really turn up the excitement . Or maybe they were flaming marshmallow peeps .
 I did enjoy Donnie Darko it messed with your head a little bit and was unique . This sequel is the worst thing I have ever seen . They took random things and loose ideas from the first one and threw them into a random town with very thin personality characters and are portrayed through horrible acting . None of the problems are resolved and nothing happens to any antagonist . And wtf was up with the rash ?? Sorry this is more venting than a review.I even tried looking at this movie from the stand point of it not being a sequel and no it still fails . This movie makes the rocky horror picture show look as good as the dark knight .
 hmmm ... I can see everyone is in frantic discussion here so before I allow my thoughts to be invaded by others opinions here are my thoughts , very fresh ones , because I am watching the credits roll now.First of all this took a second evening for me to finish , last night I had to turn it off - it was really frustrating me with bad acting and an almost ` made for tv ' feel.With a glass of wine and a little something to snack on I could sit and let this movie run itself out to the end , and wow , what a poorly made movie considering the interesting premise it was based upon . Time travel , trippy sci-fi alternate universes , and such ... I usually really can get into . X-Files meets Final Destination ... but this was just about unbearable.I think the positive aspect of this movie were a number of well composed very cinematic scenes , and the montage at the end with the Cocteau Twin track running . That is really it , and I challenge anyone with taste to find something else . I think the director should do music videos , but no more films please without a lot of outside advice.I wish I did n't know about this sequel so I did n't have to see it .
 I , like many other avid Donnie Darko fans , was 80 % angry to hear this movie was coming out ... but at the same time , 20 % excited at the possibility as well . I could n't help thinking they would soil the premise and ideas behind Donnie Darko -- try to change the artistic brilliance of the original into a formula.But , I rented it anyways and wanted to actually give it a chance without being TOO pre-judgmental . Sadly , it turns out I was right to pre-judge , I thought thy were going to try to capitalize on what made DD so unique , and I was SO VERY right . From the opening shot of a skyline , you can feel the blatant mockery and lack of any original direction or cinematography.But still , I kept on watching -- and I kept on being disappointed . All of the actors were stiff , including Samantha -LRB- Donnie 's little sister -RRB- , and the friend she was traveling with was extremely annoying to look at and listen to.The was no plot really , no storyline -- not even a general direction . It was more like they literally went out of their was to mock DD instead of pay homage to it in a continuation/sequel . They amplified everything surreal about DD by 100 % and dumbed it all down -- somehow making the movie far more incoherent than DD was . I agree with the other reviewer who said Samantha just wandered aimlessly through the movie for the most part -- and her character as well as the rest of the movie was terribly written . And I also agree with that reviewer when he said the prop guys need to be fired.However , I made it a little over half-way through the movie and had to turn it off . I was just too horrible . Even as a stand-alone movie , if it were n't affiliated with Richard Kelly 's masterpiece whatsoever , it would still be an awfully dreadful excuse for a smart , surreal film . I believe the only way the movie could 've been worse is if Steven Seagal had been in it as the Manipulated Dead ... but at least that would 've been comical.I think they just tried far too hard to recreate the magic of Donnie Darko , and ended up slaughtering the premise instead . I personally hope that the director of this was n't a fan of the original , because if he was -- he should be very ashamed of himself . And even though I 'm sure she just needed the money , Daveigh Chase should also be ashamed of herself for partaking in this.IT SIMPLY DOES N'T WORK ON ANY LEVEL ! I tried , World , I really did ... so very hard.And if you 're reading this having never seen the original Donnie Darko , buy the dvdDonnie Darko - The Director 's Cut -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- or Blu-RayDonnie Darko -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- instead ... PLEASE .
 The bad guy who thinks he is a good guy and something gets burned down , the rabbit mask , and people who die , but did n't know it . The people who made this film used all the concepts of the first movie , but truly did not understand those concepts .
 this movie is absolutely awful . they tried to warp the idea of donnie darko and they totally failed . DO NOT WATCH DO NOT BUY . I did recieve the movie in great condition and very quickly , thanks for prompt delivery !
 I had no idea that this film would an hour and 45 minutes of soul crushing boredom when I rented it . This is simply a remake of Donnie Darko with semi-retarded , scantly clad teenage girls in place of regular actors . If you want to see Donnie Darko , JUST WATCH DONNIE DARKO ! And if you want to see barely dressed women , JUST WATCH SOME PORN !!
 Some of the cinematography is pretty nice , and some of the music fits the scenery well -- but that 's about the only things the movie has going for it . The main characters are n't all that interesting , with only a few of the supporting characters making an impression . Although the movie seemed to know what it was doing with it 's own convoluted time travel logic it did n't seem to know what it had to say about the human condition , if anything . Which is a shame . I do n't regret watching it -- if you 're a curious Darko fan , you might as well rent it . Just expect very litttle .
 I purchased this DVD because it came up as a DVD people bought with Capturing Reality . Capturing Reality is a great film , the reviews for How to Make a Documentary were good , I thought I was making a safe purchase . As a high school documentary filmmaking teacher , I am always looking for new tools for the classroom . This DVD is poorly made and unprofessional . I ca n't show it in the classroom because it has unbelievably racist content . I spent the summer taking a class on race and achievement in an effort to tie race into my curriculum and ultimately , have a conversation about race through documentary films . Showing this film to students would invalidate my efforts completely . Additionally , the menu items are out of order and the menu was made in iDVD . I 'm trying to hold my students to higher standards and help them create films that are professional quality , yet this film is n't professional at all . I wasted $ 30 of my own money on this video . If you 're looking for an educational classroom tool , do not purchase this DVD . I hope this helps .
 I would have thought that a DVD on film making would have reasonable production values but was sorely disappointed when I purchased this item . The content is very poorly presented and most of the chapters are nothing more than badly assembled lists . There is a lack of quality interviews and the overuse of ` tacky ' animation effects and cheesy voice overs really distracts from the few worthwhile points of interest.One of the interviews on the Grand Canyon also has such bad sound quality you can barely understand what the person is saying .
 Not a single review of this interesting French movie specifies if this movie has English subtitles . Oddly , not even the product information mentions this important fact . Please advise !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you .
 Compared w / other resistance movie , Black Book and Army of Shadow , 2 stars is the highest it can get . BBC 's Wish me luck is another much better one .
 WHY ARE THERE ANY GOOD REVIEWS OF THIS MOVIE !? I rented this movie from Redbox and in the case was a little note saying ` congratulations on renting the worst movie in the world ` oh my god were they right .
 This movie is abosolutely terrible and I really liked the first 3 . The acting is terrible and the plot is transparent . Most of the kills are men being sliced and diced . There is zero nudity and really no attractive women in the whole thing . Do not buy this movie . It was not worth waiting 25 years for this crap . I am totally disappointed and wish Amazon would give a refund to whoever orders this . Believe me you will feel like you deserve one .
 What can I really say about this pile of crap ? Let me just say that I 'm a huge fan of the original trilogy and I had been waiting for this for a while . Wow , was I disappointed . I only made it through the first half an hour and that was unbearable . This movie is just like every other new movie out there . With fart jokes , kids getting high , and the odd kid out being picked on . The death scenes I saw were awful . Everything seemed rushed and the sets looked terrible . I could n't take anymore and turned it off . I 'm glad I rented it and did n't buy it . Really glad . I would n't even make my worst enemy watch this .
 I own the Sleepaway trilogy and love the first film more than the two follow-ups . This entry in the series is a bit of a letdown , even considering the novelty of using some of the original actors from the first installment . Everything about this ` sequel ' is obnoxious . It 's loud ; the characters/actors are all abrasive -LRB- there 's no balance in that regard , what are the odds of everyone being thoroughly repellant ? -RRB- . The pacing is slow . The `` villain '' of this piece is obvious from the outset so trying to hide the identity was a wasted effort . The `` kills '' were few and far between and what passed as filler in the meantime were endless scenes of cruelty/bullying -LRB- meant to be funny ? -RRB- . The original concept worked , this trip down memory lane did n't . It 's even more apparent when you watch all the films in one sitting . Not a keeper , not worth seeing again .
 < strong > Return to Sleepaway Camp < / strong > -LRB- Robert Hiltzik , 2008 -RRB- Twenty-five years after the original < em > Sleepaway Camp < / em > became a runaway cult hit , Robert Hiltzik got back in the director 's chair for the fifth film in the ongoing -LRB- the sixth is in post-production as I write this ; the fourth , started in 2002 and abandoned when the production company went bankrupt , is reported to now be finished and looking for a distributor -RRB- horror/comedy series . One would have hoped that Hiltzik returning to the fold would have meant a similar return to straighter horror , as the first movie was n't played as a comedy , but one would hope in vain . Hiltzik has very much internalized the movies in between . The end result ? A movie that combines the worst of all the pictures that came before it , with no inkling at all of what made them watchable.Alan -LRB- Michael Gibney in his first big-screen appearance -RRB- is exactly the kind of kid an audience is least likely to feel sympathy for . He 's a whiny little brat who complains to any adult in earshot that he 's always getting picked on , which causes the older kids to pick on him , so he turns around and bullies those younger and smaller than himself . He also never bathes or changes his clothes -LRB- one of the few good touches in the movie is the degradation over time of the condition of his ever-present white T-shirt -RRB- . Of course , he 's the outcast , and you know where this is going if you 've seen earlier movies in the series ; those who pick on him start dying horrible deaths.I think where Hiltzik went wrong with this is that in the original , which cleaves strongly to this same formula , while Angela was n't exactly a sympathetic character , her extreme lack of socialization and uncomfortableness around others made us at least pity the poor kid . -LRB- Either that or Felissa Rose was really that bad an actress in 1983 . -RRB- Alan is one of the least sympathetic characters in horror movies , maybe in any kind of movies , in a long , long time . I do n't know about everyone else , but I was hoping he would be the first one to bite it less than five minutes in . It would be a spoiler to tell you the movie 's biggest letdown , but given the placement of this sentence in this review , you 're probably smart enough to figure out what it is on your own . A complete waste of time , notable only for Isaac Hayes ' spoofing on the Chef character he played in < em > South Park < / em > for a minute or so early in the film . *
 When I knew a sequel to Sleepaway Camp was coming out , I was thrilled . I figured with the movie technology we have these days , it should be a great thing to see the horror franchise updated 20 or so years . I was wrong . It 's as if they took the original `` actors '' and aged them for a poorly written , very predictable sequel . Ronnie and Ricky were horribly written and even more terribly acted . The other actors did n't even carry the movie with their talent , because they did n't have any either ... poor Vincent Pastore had to do it all alone . I get how this was supposed to have the feel of the original , but it was almost too similar . I missed the way I did n't know who the killer in the original was until half-way through and even then was still shocked by a great ending . In this version , I knew immediately who the killer was , which led to an expected ending . The entire movie left me feeling embarrassed that I actually spent as much money as I did on it , as well as the time it took to watch it . This was not worth the 20 + year wait . Save your money and your time .
 I own the first three installments of the film genre , with the first movie being the best , the other two not as good . Return to Sleepaway Camp disappoints in regards to the quality of acting , plot and a very poorly conceived finale with a very brief cameo appearance by the killer , Angela . To put it bluntly , the writers made a very low budget film and it showed considerably . Though some of the original cast from the first movie was brought back in , it was n't enough to bring great reviews to the actors reading from a terrible script .
 I found the original movies this was based on campy , funny , shocking , and Exploitative . Unfortunately , Return to summer camp contains none of these elements . OK . . maybe campy . . but not in the spirit of the originals . my message to the producers ... become more familiar with you genre . This was a watchable movie , but hardly holds a candle to the originals . If you are going to remake an 80 's horror exploitation film ... then do that ! Do n't nerf a cult classic .
 This movie seems like an intentional comedy with some murders thrown in.There were no scares , no thrills , no tension , nothing except a series of brutal murders which are sickening to watch.The comedy aspect does not work at all . The acting is beyond terrible -LRB- except wait , is that Isaac Hayes as the Chef ? -RRB- There is constant high pitched screeching from the kid who is being picked on , which is so annoying I almost turned it off.This seems like a teenage boys horror movie dream , And I ca n't see anyone beyond that enjoying it . -LRB- and I usually love horror films -RRB- The ending literally made me say `` whatever '' . I rented this for $ 1 at McDonald 's thankfully .
 First off , let me say that I love a good cheesy horror movie . But this movie is a complete waste of time . First , Issac Hayes is only in the movie for about 2 minutes . Complete let down in that regard . Secondly , the `` Alan '' character is so over the top and annoying that you begin to cheer for the bullies and hope that he dies soon . And when he does n't the auidence is left very unfullfilled . The other problem with this movie is that there is absoliutely no nudity in it . It is a horror movie that takes place at a camp and no one gets naked , I want my money back .
 This movie sucked , Seriously I was very disappointed in this movie in all areas.It ruins the classic sleepaway camp movies.It followed the same story of Angela , who use to be a man killing people at camp , but it was done in such a horrible way.I own all three slepaway camp movies , and I thought that this would be just as good or better , boy was I wrong.Please do n't even waste your time or money on this movie !!!!
 `` Return to Sleepaway Camp '' has one and only one worthwhile moment . A guy makes reference to the `` Cropsy '' maniac from `` The Burning '' . That takes up about two seconds of screen time . Other than that , be prepared for the most obnoxious and grating acting performances in recent history . Couple this with a totally obvious killer , shamefully inept editing , poor gore effects , idiotic attempts at humor , and you end up with one of the worst films of any year . If you choose to watch this anyway , do not watch the making of supplement first as it contains spoilers . I did find it amusing that in the making of extra , everyone is having a great time and talks up the film and the people involved . My question is ; did any of you actually watch the finished product ? A total waste of time , almost anything else is better .
 Contains spoilers.OK , I knew I should have rented this movie before I bought it . It was a waste of $ 20.00 . I had high hopes because I loved the original movie and the two sequels . I knew this would be a direct sequel to the original , so I knew to ignore 2 and 3 . I was excited to see the original Angela , nothing against Pamela Springsteen , but I could n't wait to see Felissa reprise her role . This is what I was most disappointed about . We only get to see her , without her `` diguise '' , for the last minute of the movie ! I feel ripped off!This movie revolved way too much around Alan . Kids are cruel , this is true , but he practically begged for it . I felt no simpathy for him , he was a bully himself.The only reason I give this movie two stars is because we get to see some of the original cast members , and my oh my , Ricky sure got hot!I would recommend this movie for a rental only , do n't waste your money to buy it .
 Writer/Director Robert Hiltzik returns to the series to direct the 4th installment -LRB- unless you wan na count The Survivor the un-completed film as the 4th than this would be the 5th -RRB- . Regardless of what part you consider this Return to Sleepaway Camp ignores the sequels and picks up from the original . Originally shot back in 2003 Return to Sleepaway Camp has had delay after delay on the release date . This movie was dubbed the Chinese Democracy of film , since like the Guns N ' Roses album fans waited and waited only to see each release date come and pass . Where as the Guns N ' Roses album was worth the wait Return to Sleepaway Camp clearly was n't . Lets be serious here ; the original Sleepaway Camp was by no means a good movie . The main reason for the cult status is the overall weirdness of the movie and of course the twisted shocker of an ending that remains shocking to this day . But the original was a fun movie in how bad it was . Despite the reputation Sleepaway Camp is very much a so bad its good movie and it was a blast to watch . The sequels played up to that and everything in those movies was intentional unlike the original.The one thing that is clear is Robert Hiltzik has n't learned anything about filmmaking in the past two decades so I 'm not really shocked Sleepaway Camp was his only film until Return to Sleepaway Camp . I 'm not putting the original down , but it really was n't a very well done movie , but has this charm about it only found in the 80s and Sleepaway Camp has been a film I 've loved since I saw it as a kid . Return to Sleepaway Camp is one hell of a messy film that is so badly made one has to be amazed a company was willing to distribute this.The screenplay by Robert Hiltzik is extremely poor ; the characters have the dumbest things to say . Ok so I get the movie deals with teenagers , but the dialogue is more fitting for pre-teens . The script had no structure to it and no real ideas either . But the script is so poorly written that one can not help but laugh at the idiotic things being said . This easily rates as one of the worst screenplays , but with that said so very fun . The script is one of those that are so poor it almost makes it good . I was amazed at some of the dialogue in this film it really was so bad , but again it was sort of fun due to that.As director Robert Hiltzik does n't fair much better ; while the original was a sloppy movie at times it worked well for whatever reason and even had a couple of semi suspenseful scenes . But not here ; there is absolutely zero suspense and tension and Robert Hiltzik clearly has no vision for the movie . Each scene is more idiotic than the last one , but what Robert Hiltzik manages to do is craft scenes that are so amazingly bad the viewer is bound to have a lot of fun watching it . Apparently Robert Hiltzik hated the sequels directed by Michael A. Simpson , but Michael A. Simpson made Sleepaway Camp 2 & 3 to be a certain way . Both those movies came out to be the type of so bad its good movies , he played up to the clich&eacute;s of the slasher movie and delivered two of the most fun movies I have ever seen ; Hiltzik should have paid more attention to what Simpson did.There 's no story and no sense of pacing with zero suspense and no scares at all . Despite the flaws with the original you can find some of these elements in there . Maybe Robert Hiltzik just got lucky with a few scenes I do n't know . But even with the original it was clear Hiltzik would n't go down as one of the genre greats , but his directing in Sleepaway Camp seems like Dario Argento when compared to Return to Sleepaway Camp.As for who the killer is you should know from their very first appearance ; if you can not tell who it is well I hope you have problems with your sight . All I 'll say is worst disguise ever ! I really hope that was intentional on the part of Robert Hiltzik because he was n't fooling anybody so I can only assume we the viewer was meant to know right off the bat . If not well there is n't much I can say ; but I refuse to believe it was meant to be a mystery.Amazingly enough it took 2 cinematographers to shoot this movie ; Ken Kelsch & Brian Pryzpek are the men responsible for that and these guys are totally clueless . Lighting a scene is very important though your average moviegoer probably wo n't realize how important that is . The lighting in Return to Sleepaway Camp is horrible and add that with Hiltzik 's direction any possible suspense is pretty much dead.The movie features some of the most obnoxious characters to ever grace cinema ; the original also was like that so I assume that was the plan by Robert Hiltzik , but these characters were just annoying and there really was n't anyone likeable at all and that does hurt the film . At least in the original Angela was likeable and more importantly sympathetic . But here you 'll find no character like that and it does hurt the film when you have no character you can root for . And while on the characters the acting was poor , but since most of the actors are early in their careers I 'll cut them some slack and even an actor like Leonardo DiCaprio could n't sound good saying the lines in this movie.I suppose the only likeable character would be Ronnie again played by Paul DeAngelo ; and also that is actually the one really cool thing about the movie was having Paul DeAngelo as well as Jonathan Tiesten and Felissa Rose from the original . While Jonathan Tiesten does n't add much to the movie it was still cool to see him back.Alan played by Michael Gibney is without a doubt the single most annoying character to ever appear in the film . While I have seen actors that are worse , but never as annoying ; obviously Michael Gibney does n't have any Oscars in his future , but it was n't a case of bad acting . Every second this guy appears on screen I wanted to strangle him . My God he was so annoying . No doubt the most annoying actor I have ever seen . His dialogue is the absolute worst and again Michael Gibney is just so damn annoying . I seriously wanted to strangle the guy every second he was on screen.For the life of me I can not grasp how Robert Hiltzik managed to get both Vincent Pastore and Isaac Hayes in this movie ; both actors are pretty good , but why did they sign on ? Either Hiltzik is a very good business man or he had some kind of pictures on them . Pastore and Hayes are both fairly good actors , but you 'd never know that based on their performances here ; midway through Isaac Hayes goes MIA maybe he realized how horrible this movie was and got the hell out of dodge.Ok so I 've pretty much trashed this movie and yes it deserves the trashing every bit . But even with all this badness , Return to Sleepaway Camp is sort of fun . I 'll admit I was laughing through the whole movie . Return to Sleepaway Camp is so horrible that it makes the movie a lot of fun to watch . I had a fun time watching Return to Sleepaway Camp ; there are just so many things to make fun and as horrible as this movie is I 'll admit there was fun to be had . I can honestly say that I was never bored during the movie . Each scene is just so idiotic and silly and poorly made that it does make the movie a bit fun to watch . But make no mistake Return to Sleepaway Camp is an epic failure from a filmmaking side of things , but again the badness does add to the fun level.For those who can watch terrible movies like this and have fun I slightly recommend this . The rest stay away .
 The previous movies went downhill after the first -LRB- as is usually the case -RRB- , although I still enjoyed them as a fan of the genre . Now , where do I start with this one?The only thing more annoying than the sub-sub-par acting was the shouting in pretty much every single scene of the movie . I wish I were joking , but this was one of those movies where it was just excruciating to watch through to the end . If you really must watch this movie I highly recommend taking some form of pain killer before pressing play , you 'll thank me later.A few other thoughts ... - None of the characters were likable on any level . - The whole plot , if you can call it that , was ill-conceived at best . - This just seems like a poor attempt to cash-in on the Sleepaway Camp name and make a few bucks from the fans with fond memories of the originals.I really can not understand all the 5-star ratings/reviews for this movie , the only reason I 'm throwing my 2 cents in is in the hope that someone reads this and stays clear of this low-budget trash . Do n't get me wrong , there are great low-budget horror flicks out there , most of the greats are low-budget , but this is certainly not one of them .
 Let 's face it - if you 're checking out this film , then you 're most likely a fan of the original -LRB- you may also be a fan of part 's II and III , but really , those two films are a different beast when compared to the first film and this film -RRB- . The original film gained notoriety because of it 's innovative kills and its bizarre last act switcheroo that virtually no one saw coming . However , this film really only shares the original 's attempts at somewhat creative kills and though it tries for a similar last act switcheroo , the switcheroo for this film only really works if you 're incredibly gullible . Of course , the star of the original was Angela and that film tried hard -LRB- and succeeded -RRB- in making the audience care for her as she is portrayed as a shy , quiet , seemingly sweet girl who happens to get picked on for no particular reason other than the fact that she 's shy , quiet and seemingly sweet . In this film we get obnoxious , overbearing Alan who is just as mean-spirited as the people he 's constantly whining about . It 's unclear if we 're supposed to sympathize with Alan because , although for all intents and purposes , he seems to be our main character , he 's incredibly unlikable and you sort of hope he 's killed off rather quickly . Unfortunately , there 's lots of scenes of Alan starting trouble and then reverting into some sort of twisted victim role that 's possibly intended to emit some form of pathos , but does n't . Alan is surrounded by a whole host of terrible actors who ca n't seem to die fast enough for my tastes . In fact , the killings do n't really start until about an hour into the film . From there , we 're pretty much subjected to an orgy of creative -LRB- and increasingly elaborate -RRB- kills ocurring to individuals who pretty much deserved it anyways . The film itself has the same feeling as the original , whether it was intended or not and harkens back to the golden age of classic slasher movies -LRB- actually , quite a nice change of pace from today 's herky-jerky camera movement that contains 8,000 edits in one minute of film -RRB- . Still , it 's not enough to redeem this truly nasty bit of film that ultimately just makes you want to go back and watch the original . This film also contains multiple red herrings intended to divert you from guessing the identity of the killer , but none of them really work because you 're too busy hoping everyone in the film will get bumped off real soon -LRB- for example , how stupid would you have to be to consistently check out a hole in the floor that you just saw a giant spear get poked through ? -RRB- Honestly , the only character that elicits any bit of sympathy is the counselor Petey - she appears to be the only genuine human being in this film , but she disappears about halfway through and is only on-screen a handful of times . Vincent Pastore and the late Isaac Hayes are also in the cast and they both appear to be wondering what it is they 're here for exactly -LRB- this movie seems to have a real problem introducing characters and then never seeing them again as Issac Hayes ' character also disappears about 20 minutes or so into the film -RRB- . In the end , I suppose it 's worth it to watch if you 're a fan of the previous entries , just do n't expect a whole lot and be prepared to hate just about every character in the film . Otherwise , this is a pretty silly film that makes you scream more in frustration rather than in terror .
 `` Return to Sleepaway Camp '' is probably one of the very worst movies that I have ever had the displeasure of watching . As a huge fan of the classic slashers of the '80s , not to mention the original `` Sleepaway Camp '' trilogy I was extremely eager to watch this . It was a great idea and how could it go wrong?There is so much wrong with this movie , I do n't know where to start . First of all , you have to know that it 's a super low-budget z-grade movie that was put out only on DVD . Some low-budget films are fine if you ca n't tell . But everything in this movie , from the lousy acting to the pathetic storyline is totally amateurish . How in the world did they get Vincent Pastore to sign on to this nonsense is completely beyond me . You ca n't tell me that this is the best movie script that he was given.The lighting , the special effects , the sound and the acting were all equally abominable and abysmal . Everyone sounded like they had just memorized their lines and were trying not to forget them as they spit em out . I liked the one big mama , Bella . She fell into the so pathetic category because whomever the no-name that played her was just so awful . Although she was convincing as a fat chick.The special features on the DVD are ridiculous . The cast pictures literally look some photos that someone took with one of those cheapo `` disposable '' cameras that CVS used to sell about 30 years ago . And the interviews were just laughable . Perhaps what I always enjoyed about the first `` Sleepaway Camp '' was the fact that the killer was always such a mystery ; no one ever knew who he or she was until that final moment ! But during the interviews , one of the cast members actually says who the killer is . That is just plain sloppy if you ask me . And the song included was just that , a song ! No music-video , no nothing.The reason why I chose to watch this was because I wanted to see how the story changed , picked up and went on from the prior movies . But there is absolutely no continuity . There is nothing . It 's not even a remake though . It 's just a horrible movie that went nowhere . I did like Isaac Hayes -LRB- may he rest in peace -RRB- but his character disappeared towards the beginning and it was never really explained what happened to him.If you 're like I was and have an interest in watching this movie I strongly advise that you save your money . You are not missing anything , trust me . I just wish I would have been told this before I watched this farce .
 The only good thing I have to say about this sequel is that it follows the 1st one . Angela only appears in a cameo at the end , the acting is horrible , Ricky is barely in it , when I first look at the case I thought Issac Hayes would have a big part . Pretty bad move .
 There is nothing like the original , and this movie does n't nearly live up to it . Only worth buying to see the death scenes . -LRB- My favorite is when the killer makes a guy drink gasoline , puts a lit cigarette in his mouth , and he explodes . -RRB- The acting an dialogue is pretty bad even for a B-movie . I did n't dig it . The kid getting bullied goes and picks fights with people . When they start picking back at him , he starts whining that no one likes him.Several actors from the original movie appear in this one in adult roles -LRB- SPOILER !!!!!!!! - including Angela , who is actually the killer , not the kid getting picked on -RRB- .
 this movie is such a disappointment . i was expecting something good . this film is n't even in the same league as the first 3 movies . the ending was just awful as well . i 'm warning you do n't waste your money on this movie . i spent $ 20 on it and now i 'm stuck with a crappy dvd i will never watch again . its terrible . its also sad i stayed so excited for this movie over the past 5 years .
 I really do n't exect a real lot from horror movies anymore after seeing some real dooseys this was n't as bad as some of the movies I have seen where you sit there and think to yourself I ca n't believe I am wasting my time watching this or I ca n't believe someone actually made this crap , but you certainly wo n't be saying this is the best movie ever!The characters are annoying and almost over the top in unbelievability , the acting was strange , and the story -LRB- was there one -RRB- was very transparent . This movie was made entirely for the fans of the first one , if you loved the first one , this will satisfy some kind of need in you . But if you thought it was just ok you will be disappointed , you may even be disappointed if you are a fan like I was .
 First , this is NOT the full movie of sleepaway camp the survivor found on the sleepaway camp box set . this is an original sleepaway camp by the original director , with the original cast and follows after the first movie , this disregaurd the second and third . i expected alot from this movie since im a huge fan of the original trilogy . I was a bit let down by this movie . the kills are good and some are very gory , ricky however was better in the first movie , dont know what happened to him in this one . the tried to recreate the who done it feeling of the first movie but fail since its pretty obvious the killer is angela -LRB- felicia rose returning in the role , not pamala springstein from 2 and 3 -RRB- . they try to disguise felica rose but its pretty obvious to the veiwer who shes is even with make up . some funny moments are there to be found , moves at a decent pace . if your a fan of the original like i am its worth seeing to see the original cast together again but after seeing it you feel how disapointing it is and think of how great it could have been .
 I went to the redbox the other day to rent return to sleepaway camp and I really thought it might be good , but I was Dead wrong this was the worst horror movie ever . The acting was terrible the killings were a joke and everything about the movie was bad esp the kid Alan . Where did they find these actors . Ok issac hayes I felt bad his name was in the movie credits . The sleepaway camp series was legendary , but this was trash . A total waste of MONEY AND TIME . They should take this movie out of video stores target , best buy etc. . I 've seen people at film schools make better films then this was . For those reading this PLEASE DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY .
 As I look at all the 5 star reviews that others have given this film I wonder if I am being foolhardy in daring to say something to the contrary . I am and have been for many years a Bergman fan . I eagerly saw most of his films as they were released . I love nearly all of them - this one being an exception.Certainly the film is worth seeing - any Bergman film is . But this one is often cited as his best , and there I would strongly disagree . It is about an academic and although professor Borg has to face some of his demons , he comes out on top in then end . I understand why this film is so popular . Academics see themselves in professor Borg and academics have a lot of infulance on what is considered art and what is n't . Borg ends up looking good at the end of the film , and academics , although they have their faults like anyone else , like to think that they are worthy of respect that their position commands . In many cases they are and this is not a diatribe against academics . I just think that Bergman let this character off too easily , particulary when you compare the way he treats his other characters in movies like `` The Hour of the Wolf '' , `` The Silence '' , `` Shame '' and so on . He plumbs the depths of the soul and takes no prisoners . `` Wild Strawberries '' starts out that way , when the professor flashes back to the key points in his life where he turned away from love , life and reality in favor of academic honor . But ultimatly he backs down . The professor , having seen the errors of a lifetime in a few short hours , is shown to be wiser and a better man now as he receives his honory award . Bergman does not do this in his other films . For me this gives a certain falsity to `` Wild Strawberries '' that I do n't see in `` Persona '' for example.Well , everyone will probably disagree with me , - this is such an acclaimed film - but sometimes it is valuable to hear a contrarian opinion even when you do n't agree with it .
 Ingmar Bergman 's `` Wild Strawberries '' explores the twilight years of a person 's life when an individual can not help but reflect on his or her past personal triumphs and regrets . It is a time of introspection when one acknowledges the limitations of a mortal existence . It is also an experience that is not easily translatable to film.Professor Isak Borg -LRB- Victor Sjostrom -RRB- is about to receive an honorary degree for his fifty years of work as a doctor . On his way to the ceremony , he decides to visit places that had played major roles in his life in his younger days . Accompanied by his daughter-in-law Marianne -LRB- Ingrid Thulin -RRB- , Borg stops at his family 's summer cottage , the town in which he previously worked at as a doctor , and his mother 's house . Memories come flooding back at each stop and his reminiscing becomes even more intimate when he picks up a young hitchhiker named Sara -LRB- Bibi Andersson -RRB- who bears an uncanny resemblance to his first love.If you enjoy abstract films loaded with symbolism then `` Wild Strawberries '' is the film for you . You will have an absolute ball deconstructing the sequence where Borg comes across the clock with no hands . However , if you have trouble warming up to films with unconventional narratives then `` Wild Strawberries '' will be an ordeal to sit through . Sjostrom is absolutely wonderful as the aging doctor but his gem of a performance loses some of its impact because the film is more concerned with giving tangible form to ideas than telling a story . `` Wild Strawberries '' is cinematic surrealism with a vengeance . Bergman wants to translate profound and universal themes into a mass medium but the result is awkward because film can not truly capture the pure essence behind these themes effectively . The great director should be commended for his ambition in making this film , but the end result is a disorienting viewing experience . `` Wild Strawberries '' ultimately plays more like an experiment than a work of art .
 Is there anyone more pretentious than this guy ? Oh yeah , Wim Wenders comes to mind.Bergman 's characters are -LRB- very often -RRB- in some kind of emotional/mental turmoil.Stuff is painful to sit through -LRB- due to the way it is always presented . -RRB- Have looked at about a dozen Bergman films over the years . You can feel the guy working way too hard to say something profound , to be profound ... and basically stumbles around and bores the viewer to death.Film directors , like the aforementioned , seem to lack the ability to get down to business
 Is it me , or is there anyone else out there that ca n't understand what qualifies this movie as a timeless masterpiece . The questioning of God is not deeply moving , but almost comical . The old man 's rigidness is reminiscent of Ebineezer Scrooge , but you do n't feel his pain as you do ... say ... Henry Fonda -LRB- On Golden Pond -RRB- . I guess you have to really study film to understand . However , if a movie is as great as this is supposed to be should n't it transcend all boundaries and be felt by all ?
 I love `` arsty '' movies . I love Kurosawa . I like Eric Rohmer . My Dinner with Andre is one of my favorite movies . Those movies are interesting and engaging . Bergman is boring . His symbolism is purely symbolic , but there is not a coherent story . Why people think he 's a genius I have no idea . See Woody Allen , at least he is funny . That is understood .
 This video was very disappointing . if you expected a guide type of video you will learn nothing after watching this video . * Home made video packaged with some background music * video quality is poor . * some cryptic aerial views shown in betweenI am disappointed that amazon would sell these types of poor quality videos . I wish they would review some
 Simply put , this movie lost me fairly quickly . For one thing , a nineteen year old can not pass for a thirteen year old no matter how young she may look . The characteristic thirteen-year-old outbursts seems over acted when done by an adult . Then there was the utterly self centered lifestyle of all the adults.One could hardly find a family that more thoroughly and consistently violated about every traditional family value there is . If you like a believable heroine in your movies , and if you care at all about unnecessarily exposing your kids to immorality , you 'd do best to skip this loser of a movie .
 I was pleased to find this film at a local store ; I 'd seen the `` New York , New York It 's a Wonderful Town '' scene a dozen times . Now I know why
 On The Town is notable for a lot of reasons , but in this case , enthusiasm can not overcome the general sham of this low-class production . Why did they toss most of the BETTER songs aside from the original Broadway production and have MGM hacks enter banal new ones ? Get the Original Broadway Cast CD to hear what you 're REALLY missing ...
 If you are thinking of buying this DVD because you like Leonard Bernstein , think again . You 'll do better to buy the original cast CD of the Broadway musical or better yet the rerecorded complete version of the Broadway show . The film has replaced most of the Broadway songs by material that is so bad to call it mediocre would be too kind . The opening number is good , except that `` New York , New York , it 's a hell of a town '' has been replaced by `` wonderful town '' . After that number you have to wait more than an hour for any more Bernstein except for a very hammy rendition of `` My Place '' . Not only are the new songs and the new jokes embarrassingly bad -- as soon as you see the three sailors in a room with a dinosaur skeleton you know they 're going to knock it down before the number is over -- even the new dances are surprisingly bad , especially when compared to Gene Kelly in Anchors Away or Singin ' in the Rain . Clearly , based on the other reviews , there are people who enjoy this movie . I found it hard to sit through .
 `` On the Town '' tells the story of three sailors - Gabey , Ozzie and Chip - on 24-hour leave in wartime New York City . Gabey falls in love with a subway poster of Ivy Smith , `` Miss Turnstiles '' for the month of June . Gabey , aided by Ozzie , Chip and two of their gals , goes on a hunt for Ivy . After several adventures and a disappointing blind date with Hildy 's roommate , Lucy Schmeeler , Gaby finds Ivy.Let me say first that film version of `` On the Town '' is lively and entertaining , but no more so than many musicals of the 1940s , including `` Anchors Aweigh , '' the very enjoyable 1945 movie starring Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly as two sailors on leave in Hollywood.The musical score of that film -LRB- by Sammy Cahn and Jule Styne -RRB- is excellent . Sinatra 's rendition of `` I Fall in Love Too Easily '' still leaves me with chills . But I 'll leave it to others to argue over which is the better film.There are at least two ways to review `` On the Town '' or any other film of a Broadway musical
 If you 're thinking about improving your previous DVD edition of this great movie -LRB- WHV release of 2 May 2000 -RRB- , still available on Amazon , do n't bother . It 's identical , just repackaged ... -LRB- FIVE stars for the movie itself ! -RRB-
 Kurbaan , is the latest movie about terrorism and the presence of a sleeper cell in every neighborhood.Kareena Kapoor is Avantika a visiting professor in New Delhi who meets a colleague Saif Ali Khan as Ehsaan , another professor . He starts to pursue her and eventually they fall in love . Her time in India is up as she has to return to NYU in the fall , Ehsaan agrees to come but under one condition they need to get married . In America Ehsaan starts teaching a class on Modern day Islam . However life in suburbia is not peaceful , suspicious neighbors who are wife beaters and terrorists emerge . Avantika finds out that her husband is a terrorist as well.The movie borrows its plot from the film Arlington Road . Muslims are shown as terrorists as usual with the lead terrorist played by Om Puri and his wife played by Kirron Kher . The reasons that they decide to become terrorist are flimsy as if any reason is convincing . Vivek Oberoi plays an American Muslim journalists who is against terrorism but goes underground to prevent these terrorist from carrying out their deeds.Normally I avoid movies about terrorism because so many have been made and most of them were bad . We just saw a few in the last year , New York , Khuda Kay Liye etc. . . All lead actors sleepwalk through their roles , Kareena Kapoor is clearly wasted save for the couple of erotic scenes that she gets to perform with Saif . Production values are okay . I watched this because it had received so many positive reviews . Clearly disappointed I will give it two stars .1 / 31/10
 Karan Johar responds
 Bad copy . Stops , freezes , have to go the title menu often to restart viewing . Bad copy , bad product . Would not recomend
 Some of the MGM Limited Edition titles have been very nice , such as 99 RIVER STREET , but others like THE HAWAIIANS and THE SATAN BUG have been nearly unwatchable . This film , THE OFFENCE , is n't a total loss , but it has DVD authoring issues . Jerky motion artifacts on pans and lots of jaggies in the image . Color and contrast-wise the image looks great , it 's just when characters -LRB- or the camera -RRB- move around that the image falls apart . Might not be too bad on a small television , but is a chore to sit through on a big screen .
 This movie is patethetic with bad slapstick . It has very bad jokes execpt in a few parts towards the end .
 this attempt resembles in several ways the problems of most sequels - no expansion on character , plot etc. . Like Clouseau 's michelin Corleone , this film is lazy , bloated and not very funny . For interest to die-hards , if only to see Sellers on the screen . What a descent from the first panther !
 This movie is patethetic with bad slapstick . It has very bad jokes execpt in a few parts towards the end .
 This movie is patethetic with bad slapstick . It has very bad jokes execpt in a few parts towards the end .
 I ordered this item in England and expected an english version of the DVD but I got the USA version which of course does not work on my DVD player . i have tried to explain this to you without any luck . May I have my money back please ?
 Squeeling bleech blonde Lakers fan Cannonneeded the work and Sellers needed a ` Kin-der Gentler ' Panther movie to star in be-tween his ` Chance ' movie in which he pla-yed a gardner who 's whole view of the worldwas based on T.V. , since he suffered his 4thheart attack , and this time it was a bad one.Not bad , funny and all but not much origin-ality left in the series . Time for LeslieNielsen as Chief Inspector Frank Drebin totake over these type films , w / The Filesof Polic Squad , which borrows much from thePanther Series -LRB- rewatch the Naked Gun -LRB- s -RRB- soon again -RRB- .
 this attempt resembles in several ways the problems of most sequels - no expansion on character , plot etc. . Like Clouseau 's michelin Corleone , this film is lazy , bloated and not very funny . For interest to die-hards , if only to see Sellers on the screen . What a descent from the first panther !
 this attempt resembles in several ways the problems of most sequels - no expansion on character , plot etc. . Like Clouseau 's michelin Corleone , this film is lazy , bloated and not very funny . For interest to die-hards , if only to see Sellers on the screen . What a descent from the first panther !
 This movie is patethetic with bad slapstick . It has very bad jokes execpt in a few parts towards the end .
 This movie is patethetic with bad slapstick . It has very bad jokes execpt in a few parts towards the end .
 I ordered this item in England and expected an english version of the DVD but I got the USA version which of course does not work on my DVD player . i have tried to explain this to you without any luck . May I have my money back please ?
 Squeeling bleech blonde Lakers fan Cannonneeded the work and Sellers needed a ` Kin-der Gentler ' Panther movie to star in be-tween his ` Chance ' movie in which he pla-yed a gardner who 's whole view of the worldwas based on T.V. , since he suffered his 4thheart attack , and this time it was a bad one.Not bad , funny and all but not much origin-ality left in the series . Time for LeslieNielsen as Chief Inspector Frank Drebin totake over these type films , w / The Filesof Polic Squad , which borrows much from thePanther Series -LRB- rewatch the Naked Gun -LRB- s -RRB- soon again -RRB- .
 this attempt resembles in several ways the problems of most sequels - no expansion on character , plot etc. . Like Clouseau 's michelin Corleone , this film is lazy , bloated and not very funny . For interest to die-hards , if only to see Sellers on the screen . What a descent from the first panther !
 This movie is patethetic with bad slapstick . It has very bad jokes execpt in a few parts towards the end .
 If you find yourself unable to sleep , no matter how hard you try , put this dvd in and you 'll be off to dreamland in no time . If your enterested in the real Jack The Ripper , you wo n't find him here . If you are a collector of bad movies , this one for you . This movie is so bad , it 's almost a must to have .
 I should have been notified that the parts to hold the DVD in place were broken , so from the time it left you to the time I received it , the movie was rattling around in its case .
 waste of time !!! I could n't help myself quit before the end of the movie . so so so boring ! just cant understand how it got all these 5 stars from people .
 What would it be like to have one 's memories erased ? Has n't this concept been beaten to death by at least a dozen films in recent years ? This flick is dull , dark , and often stupid -LRB- see Kirsten Dunst 's role for illustration -RRB- . Carrey 's talents are not suited for a serious movie , and I kept expecting him to just start making those silly faces that propelled him to stardom . He did reach a new level in his abilities to annoy the heck out of me.Kate Winslet is the only saving grace here . How does she manage to make something out of this largely thankless role is a mystery . The point is that she does -- she 's very convincing and interesting to watch . Therefore , I gave it 2 stars .
 The premise is intriguing . Girl gets tired of a declining relationship and has all memory of boyfriend erased . Boyfriend finds out and decides he ca n't live with that
 . . it 's pretty lame . In spite of all the kudos this movie has received , ETERNAL SUNSHINE OF THE SPOTLESS MIND is one of those `` artsy '' movies that brags on its own originality , but fails to really address the issues at hand
 I saw Jim Carrey on the cover , so I assumed it was good . I was wrong . Sooooo boring . I guess I 'm not spacey enough to enjoy this movie . Jim Carrey , you still rock . Now ... let 's go watch Dumb and Dumber . .
 i did n't like it , it was dark the whole time and i could n't even see it . which is supposed to be artsy but f *** artsy . i do n't even f *** ing get artsy . i want to see what i 'm watching . additionally , it was such an unrealistic premise that i could n't even get into it because i could n't put myself into the situation at all . trying to erase someone or something from your memory is the most childish , ungrateful thing i have ever imagined . anyone who is so pessimistic that they ca n't even find one little thing they got out of a situation , -LRB- ESPECIALLY the bad ones , which i believe to be the most valuable , -RRB- so much that they want to erase it completely , is not only ignorant but deserves to be miserable . maybe being miserable would teach them something and then they could get to be a better person . instead , they just want to ignore it all and continue to f *** up their lives so that they can keep on being miserable because they are lazy asses and this whole movie was just about being lazy and selfish and i hated it , and i hate when jim carrey acts serious , and i f *** ing hate kate winslet more than i can even explain because of this movie . i wanted to slap her the whole time.i watched it a couple of years ago and can hardly remember it but these are the feelings i got out of it , or those that lasted this long anyway . thank you.note to amazon : i hope this will be shown as i stayed focused on the topics of the movie , despite my negative comments . this is what a review is for , i think it will be helpful and i got the impression from your banning of `` spiteful remarks '' that one is only allowed to say good things about a movie , and not the kind of things i have said . i have censored my language and have supported my opinions with legitimate points and hope that the screeners will have the integrity to accept this as the helpful review that it is and let it be shared with potential customers .
 the idea has so much potential , but the wayit evolved really was no good . All the actorsand actresses lacked direction , and look lost . This is the typeof movie that has its characters acting all coolat the mall but what is the purpose to them justbeing bunched together if they do nothing?kate winslet and jim carrey have no chemistrytogether , instead of looking and acting as lovers , they look and feel like high school buddies.the story and the director failed on here.the best thing about eternal sunshine is the awesome trailerbut once you watch the film it totally represents another world , a cheesy world . i saw the trailer @ the cinemark theatre when i went to see Scarlett Johansson in Lost in Translation.on eternal sunshine
 I would like to have my mind earsed so I would n't know I watched this movie . It is slow , not funny -LRB- think really not funny -RRB- , and just drifts along a piece of wood at sea . One day the wood might find , but otherwise it just drifts along . This is about like the movie , it just drifts , and some scenes are way too long . You can rent this one , but I would not buy it unless you need a $ 20 coaster .
 ` Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ' has an unnecessarily long title and is way too strange and convoluted to take seriously . It is understandable to show a story told from a different perspective , but a filmmaker has to set limits . It makes no sense in trying to confuse the audience as much as you can . That does not make the film intelligent or original . ` Eternal Sunshine . . ' is too full of itself ; it says , ` look how creative I am , telling this story in such an odd way . I dare you to figure it out ' . Nobody will gain anything if the filmmakers are trying to make the audience look stupid . It only creates an exaggerated ego for those who do understand it.The story is about two lovers who decide to erase the memory of each other . When they are erased from each other 's memory , they find themselves drawn back to each other by sheer chance . I think one point the film is trying to make is that true love is a destiny . Two people are drawn to each other because there is something greater is at work , bringing lovers together . Fantastic idea , but it can be told in much simpler ways than done in this movie . The idea should n't be expressed in the over-the-top way that it was done in ` Eternal Sunshine . . ' . Good performances by Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet , an unlikely pair bringing chemistry to the screen , but even they could n't save this jumbled mess .
 What 's up with Jim Carey and weird dramatic roles ? We love you Jim , but only in comedies ! He 's a great actor but it 's almost as if he 's trying way too hard . I have to give him credit for effort , most people ca n't play the lead in Me , Myself , and Irene and be able to do this movie.This flick was just plain odd . I found it similar to the recent Adam Sandler drama movie-the one with the dramatic color effects . So thumbs up for Jim Carey in comedy and thumbs way down in this role .
 i saw this film , because i had heard so many great things , and read so many good reviews of it . but i ca n't believe how wrong all these people were ! it is a very mediocre film , which will totally confuse you.in short ; do n't be fooled by the all-star cast or the good reviews you have heard . if you must watch it , rent it .
 Holy plot device , Batman ! I never thought I 'd * EVER * see a film so substantially overrated in my life ! In fact , I did n't expect to see such a film in all my years . All ... 15 of them . Yes . I have never in my days walked out of a theater before I saw this movie . People generally say that you have no business reviewing a movie if you have n't seen it all the way through . And to them I say that the filmmakers have no business making a movie that does n't make me want to stay in the whole movie.Where to start ? While the direction is particularly inventive considering the budget , the effects and cinematography are genrally overwhelming and out of place . The editing is all over the place ; those who despise Requiem for a Dream will feel all those lovely headaches quickly returning , though they are not quite on par with the sores you get from Aronofsky 's tripe . A lot of people are praising Jim Carrey for his acting . He just looks like he has leukemia the whole movie . I wish he would stay away from serious roles in general . I though the Truman Show was allright , but if you look at something like the Majestic , or Eternal Sunshine , you can see that he 's better suited in moronic comedies.Then there 's this godawful script that everyone 's praising . Sure , it 's an interesting idea . But the dialogue and story is carried out in a blah fashion . I hope I never have to hear the line , `` It 's something that does a. ... thing , '' ever again . As Kaufman movies go , this is n't even close to the entertaining `` Being John Malkovich '' or even the mediocre `` Adaptation . `` I really despised this movie , right down to the music . There is a portion of people who truly like this movie , and I commend you for it . Then there 's the portion of sheep who are just following the pack . Sorry , kids , you should form your own opinions on this movie.I 'm gon na do two nice things for people that love this movie . I 'm going to stop hating for a while . I 'm going to let the movie sit for ten years . Then , I 'll revisit it and I will update my review . Maybe I 'll like it . The other nice thing I 'm going to do is give this film a solid D + . I really want to give it an F , but I do n't want to be stoned to death by the insane followers of this movie . Agh!Direction
 This movie lacks substance -LRB- ESOTSM -RRB- , and i simply did not get it . Id rather see Jim Carrey play the lead ROLE in a future `` Crow '' movie because he proved in eternal that he has a serious dark side to him -LRB- in his acting -RRB- . But if you really think about it , eternal is really a very chopped up story . For those that dont ' know , the crow was a movie that was made in 1993/94 in where Brandon Lee was the lead star of it . I do n't recommend eternal sunshine .
 Profound religious profanity is something that our family is unwilling to accept . Whenever we encounter it we cease viewing immediately and rate it a single star . : - -RRB-
 Well here we go again . Hollywood boy-du-jour gets to do whatever he wants with the producers money . And this is what we get . Total self-indulgence . `` Dramatic masterpiece '' one reviewer called it !?? Well , where exactly is the dramatic logic in the plot 's central turning point , that Clementine , presumably because of her oh-so endearing `` impulsive character , '' decided to erase boyfriend Joel from her memory ? Where or where in these 2 hours is the justification for such an act ? This is just a presumed plot device , and one that would fool juveniles who are smoking too much pot to notice - to notice anything except how `` cool '' it is that Stan and Mary are fooling around while Joel lies there getting his brain drained . Remember that Stan was introduced by his boss as `` one of our most experienced workers . '' Come on ! Who is Charlie Kaufman fooling ? He 's just an impulsive kid who never in a million years would be entrusted with such a responsibility . And by the way , speaking of responsibility , Stan 's unethical behavior pales in comparison to Patrick 's
 how is this movie so well reviewed ? It sucked hard . Watched maybe 15 mins of it several years ago . With all the good reviews I almost want to finish it , but it sucked that bad that I ca n't .
 I do not understand why critics are praising this movie . It is one of the most strangest and boring movies you will ever see . Personally I watched the movie because I like Kate Winslet and Jim Carrey , and they do not dissapoint . Their acting is indeed very strong , but I do n't see anything diserving Oscar here , especally for Jim Carrey . If you are looking for the Oscar for the best male performance watch Tom Hanks in `` The Terminal '' . Story of the `` Eternal Sunshine of the spotless mind '' is very unique and till the last minutes of the movie you do n't know what is happening . But , believe me , it does not worth waiting for two hours , it is very boring .
 It 's been few years since I 've seen this movie and I 'm still blown away to see such glowing reviews about it . I do n't know if I 'm just slow , retarded , or maybe I have an attention deficit disorder , but I was completely bored through the entire 1 hour and 49 minutes . I 'm not going to go into utter detail about this movie , but basically this movie shows you the consequences of erasing a former loved one that you may of had a bad breakup with . It sure does sound intriguing enough on paper , but visually it is n't stimulating at all . This is something you 'd want to read in a book -LRB- which maybe too long as well -RRB- , but not sit through in the theater . There are movies that should be seen in a theater such as Titanic , Transformers , Avatar , X-Men , Matrix , and so on . Then there are movies that should have been left alone in a book and this one should have just been made into a book.I 'm sorry if you are deeply offended that I could say such things , but I believe I justify my statement that there are things that are meant to be watched and then there are those that are meant to be read . I could have been more entertained mowing the lawn or raking leaves for those 1 hour and 49 minutes than watching this long and dragged out movie . This could have been easily been put in a 1 page article in a teen magazine stating how it is important to not cherish the good moments of your life , but also take in the bad . Basically what does n't kill you makes you stronger or defines the person you are now . So to sit through that explanation for over an hour and a half is mind-numbingly boring.So if you are the type of person who states , `` That movie was so deep to the core and real . '' then perhaps this artsy fartsy movie is for you . I do n't like seeing deeply involved movies . That does n't mean I do n't like smart movies such as Double Jeopardy or Thank You For Smoking as examples , but this has no entertainment value . If you thought this was entertaining then you must be one boring person . -LRB- Yeah , I said it . -RRB- -LSB- UPDATE -RSB-
 The premise and promise of the plot was intriguing . What a disappointment ! I watched in growing boredom as the repetitious images , present and past , rolled past in slow motion . A few attempts at humour were feeble and silly . What about dialogue ? Can no screen writer write good dialogue anymore ? Are subtle stares and maudlin looks supposed to supplant carefully crafted words and is shrill , combatitive and nonsensical communication the norm in film today ? I only wish when I attend a lousy film that wastes acting talent that I could get a refund when I leave the theater and the overpriced popcorn behind . This movie , wasting Jim Carey 's talent , will not linger in my mind for longer than a fleeting moment of my time , wasted as well .
 Made it 24 minutes before coma set in . Great cast ; weird script . Think I 'll check to see which Monk rerun is showing .
 I had high hopes for ESSM but it was really a letdown . The movie starts out with some promise but once it gets into the memory erase part it gets really long and convoluted . There are some disturbing images that reminded me of `` The Wall '' and the main character 's attempts to keep his psycho girlfriend from fading from his memory seem mind-numbingly endless . This movie shares the same fault as `` Being John Malkovich '' , it is a good concept that just gets beaten to death . I think the idea of memory erasure has real promise as a cinematic plotline but it fails completely here . While I could identify somewhat with Jim Carey 's pathetic-yet-humorous downtrodden lead character , I found his girlfriend to be laboriously quirky . During this movie , I found myself rooting for their partnership to dissolve while the plot is , of course , for their reunification . On a lighter note , it was not as bad as `` Lost in Translation '' . Unless you want to waste several hours of your life wondering what ESSM is actually about , and waiting for it to get better , skip this one altogether .
 About halfway through this mess , I stopped the movie and read some of the reviews . I had n't read the reviews before , but had seen the high rating . The movie was such a disjointed , boring , confusing mess at the halfway point that I thought I must have looked at the wrong rating . I then tried to keep watching , could n't , and skipped ahead to the end . Bottom line
 This is a just a bad movie that people like because they want to seem deep or get it dont waste your time with this
 An original idea but absolutely miserable execution result in a highly overrated movie.The main characters are self-centered , neurotic , emotionally unattractive and unhealthy people . As a result , the viewer does n't care about them.The movie is one of the most horribly photographed and unattractive films I 've ever seen ! The color palate is hideous , the sets ugly and cluttered , the lighting something from a freak show , the viewing angles constantly shifting , and the camera incessantly moving and bouncing . When I saw it in the theater , I hung on to the end just to see where they were going with the premise . It was n't worth it . I left with a headache and feeling nauseous.My first reaction was to give this the lowest rating possible . I finally gave it a 2 , but only because the idea is original , and because of a subplot with Kirsten Dunst and Tom Wilkinson , which is the only part of the movie with any emotional impact . Not surprisingly , it 's the part of the movie where the director is the least hyperkinetic with the camera . Dunst and Wilkinson succeed despite the direction and photography , not because of it .2 is a generous rating . The producer and director richly deserve a 0 . If you feel compelled to watch this one , keep the maalox and aspirin handy . But my strong advice is
 Has any film in the last I do n't know how many years been more over-rated than ESOTSM . I think not . Honestly , I was disappointed I did n't enjoy this film because my expectations were very high . Maybe too high . I LOVED Being John Malkovich and for the most part LOVED Adaptation ; both Charlie Kaufman screenplays . So why did n't I love this ? I thought the idea behind the film was very good and the cast excellent . Though I can think of several other actors who could probably have given the character of Joel a little more depth than Jim Carrey . Sorry . I hate to dump on the guy but he does n't have much range , as far as I 'm concerned . Anyway , if you 're to buy this film and its premise then you need to believe in the relationship at its heart between Joel & Clementine . And I just did n't . Carrey played the role with a perpetual `` sad sack '' expression on his face and Winslet came across as more annoying than anything else . What exactly attracted these two to each other ? I did n't see it . And I did n't find either character particularly likeable . I usually like Winslet in just about anything . Even her famous peeing scene in Holy Smoke . LOL !!! Anyway , another problem was Gondry 's direction . To me , he kept us far removed from any emotional attachment to his characters . And the eccentric editing & cutting did n't help at all . And do n't get me started on the annoying background music that accompanied certain scenes . I ca n't really say there was anything about the film I liked except for the cast & idea , adding up to 2 stars . And I think that 's being generous .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I 'm so sick of people telling me about how great this film is . Everybody in this film sucked big time . Hollywood jerks acting . I hate actors acting . Especially Hollywood actors acting . I was hoping this would be something that would really make me change my mind about the actors in this film . It only confirmed my views on them.Halfway trough this film I figured out what would happen in the end -LRB- I swear I never read the book -RRB- . I was hoping I would be wrong so my time was n't wasted . Sadly I was n't wrong . The second half of this film was filler leading up to the obvious ending.This movie sucked . A great story ruined by Hollywood actors .
 It was supposed to be a feel-good romantic comedy chick flick . Seriously ???? That was a movie ? People got paid to do that ??
 What is good about a man wanting to keep memories about a woman who has erased all her memories of him ? The only thing I liked about the movie was the poem Kirsten Dunst 's character recited , that 's it . For this , I can add a star .
 for being creative and original , but the rest of the movie is just not worthy of being made into a movie . Its has no theme , no deep meaning , it doesnt say its better to have loved and lose then never loved at all , it says what if ? you loved and losed what if ? you had your memories erased to make yourself feel better How would you feel after that ? , but it never answers those questioned . The performances are ok , the story is creative and original , but all thats wasted on pointless unaffectionate love crap that means didly . If you like chick flicks and want to see something original not , i love you , but you love him , and he loves her and blah blah blah , then this is for you . I just think they should have tapped the people more , and not an emotion that they are striving for , i cant feel for love , i can feel for people who love and loose it , but an emotion exists to someone and in a movie their emotions dont just spill into the viewer so we have to relate to the characters . 3 out of a 10 for an original view , but its wasted on meaninglessness .
 I thought this was the worst Jim Carey movie I 've ever seen . In fact one of the worst movies I 've seen . I really like Jim Carey movies , and usually enjoy his serious roles , but not this one . Looking at other reviews , I was very surprised . I thought it was very boring and senseless . I could barely sit through the entire movie . The only good thing was I only paid $ 2 to see this movie . Anything else would have been a complete waste of money .
 this movie -LRB- `` film '' to the in-crowd -RRB- was a boring incoherent mess . is it possible that mainstream media reviewers often submit good reviews of movies that their instincts tell them are awful for fear of being accused of not really grasping the true beauty of the trash ? the only way i can think of to account for the pretty uniformly great reviews . i am very happy to see that a few of the casual online reviewers like me also found this movie dreadful .
 Some people go with this sort of thing because it 's hip or trendy . Pretty good ensemble and fashionable idea with an attempt to immitate creativity . The awkward sequencing , irrelevant score , self indulgent direction , shallow script hoping for depth , disturbing pokes at humor , and an abundance of pointless additives , leaves this film off beat and out of tune . Nothing to laugh about , cry about , think about ... . I would n't have such a distaste for this movie if all the nonsense was removed , and we might be left with a mildly diverting short film .
 One of the most boring films I 've seen a long time . Anybody who thinks this is original or trippy obviously did not grow up reading Phillip K. Dick . There is nothing and I mean nothing new here . SciFi potboiler material . It 's hard to understand why it would get any Academy Award nominations while `` Terminal '' or `` Kill Bill , Part II '' got nothing . Ten to twently years from years from now it will be completely forgotten .
 I loved all of the actors in that movie . It disappointed me so much when I started to watch it . I was expecting an amazing movie , but instead it bored me and made me fall asleep .
 I liked it a lot for the first time and wanted to get the DVD . So I got the DVD and watched it like only twice then I started not to like it anymore because it started to get cheesy . The acting is allright . Jim Carrey was great but this movie is definetly not Oscar worthy of 2004 . I sold my DVD back because the movie sucks . It also gets kind of overrated too . Anyone who has n't seen it you will like it the first time but you 'll start to hate it after you watch it a bunch . My advice is do n't watch this movie too much it will start to suck .
 I am empowered and I have to agree with the last reviewer . I heard this dork of a screenwriter say that one of the messages is that we do n't experience true love until we submit to its possibility . Well , I say we should diversify our experiences with different people and different kinds of people . Why not test the idea of love itself instead of just freaking assuming its some pie in the sky thing that actually exists ! Makes me so mad .
 This has to be one of the worst films i have ever seen . It 's a pretentious artsy film that attempts to explore the human mind , but fails terribly.All dribbly star-bucks drinking , psuedo-intellectuals will surely enjoy it .
 When I first saw `` Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , '' I thought I must be the only person alive who absolutely despised it from start to finish . It 's a cheap date movie that everyone has blown up into some kind of piece of art simply because it is post modern . Here are the reasons I dislike it :1 . It 's a sci-fi date movie for people who are sympathetic with post modernism , nothing more . In that sense it does n't go much beyond `` 50 First Dates '' in terms of artistic credibility .2 . The characters are utterly selfish and shallow . A memory wiping device could have been used in a poignant way for people who have suffered genuine trauma and a real point could possibly -LRB- though I doubt it -RRB- have been made . Rather we get this , `` here 's a part of my past that is slightly inconvenient . I know , I 'll erase my memory because I do n't want to have learned from this experience . '' That whole crap about I 've been in love and therefore think I have suffered is utter nonsense . Try being raped some time .3 . This is n't so much for the film as for its rabid fans . In what way is this film `` independent ? '' The trailers aired on NATIONAL television , the film itself is a household name , and every actor/actress in it is a household name . `` Independent film '' means independent of vast studio resources . This film is n't .4 . In general I think Kaufman is going way too far with post modernism . The search for meaning is greatly simplified if we believe it to exist -- and it does !! Just not in any of his horrible films .
 Please , when will studios STOP releasing Collector 's Edition DVD 's right after the release of the original version ? I 'm sick of it already . It 's one thing for a remastered edition to come out 3 + years after the original release of an older movie , but this is coming a mere 3-4 months after the original release ! Pathetic ...
 The DVD transfer is good with no flaws.I spent the first hour of this film trying to turn it off . I did finish the film and decided that if you are patient , sit still for the whole film and ignore the plot failures there is some reward . However , plot failures do exist and the biggest one is the absence of the motivation needed for Joel -LRB- Jim Carrey -RRB- to fight the memory erasing process he has volunteered for . You see , Joel has received a note telling him that his girlfriend , Clementine -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- has had his part of her memory erased . So , Joel decides to erase Clementine from his memory . Make sense ? Sort of . Most of the film are clips of Joel clinging to rapidly disappearing memories . However , none of the memories justified themselves as something I would want to keep , just some stoner 's fractured view of life and love.To make this film work the way so many reviewers have painted it , Kaufman -LRB- writer -RRB- and Gondry -LRB- director/writer -RRB- should have given us a least a part of the relationship to cling to . The viewer must have some sympathy for the loss else the loss is nothing and this is where the filmakers leave us.I 'm all for post-modernism but I 'm also a film addict and historian . I can tell you this is not a romantic comedy at all but , rather , a self-indulgent film that gets lost before it gets started . The filmakers are much more concerned with method than substance . However , it takes these efforts , short of definition as this one is , to help define the movement by telling us this is not the direction we need to go . Rent if first before you buy . You might just love it , many do but , then again , many of us would rather have spent the money on something else .
 The only positive thing I can say about this movie was , that it was different than most . I thought the movie was okay , but nothing to write home about . It 's worth seeing once .
 I might be jaded but I could n't understand why Jim Carrey 's character was upset that Kate Winslet left him . From the moment they met she was nothing but a total jerk to him.Maybe its because I know far too many people with that `` I hate my self but need to be the center of attention '' attitude that Ms. Winslet played perfectly or the sappy its better to have loved and lost theme but I thought this movie was shallow and pointless .
 It starts out interesting but soon turns to a sleeper . If you need to take out the trash , move your car or walk the dog , you 'd be spending your time more wisely than watching this movie .
 It was a little hard to follow but in all lacked any excitment . I found it to be dull and boring . Certanly ranked low of any movies he has made .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- BR > This movie was one of the make the dumb person of the group feel smart type of flicks . Not really deep at all , but quite shallow when it comes down to it . Lacking morality and any virtue . The movie could have maintained it 's emotional edge and been truly deep . Acting , sheesh I do n't think a single actor in this film -LRB- based solely on their performances in it -RRB- could act their way out of a paper bag with a hole in the bottom . I had the movie tagged right off . Kaufman 's other movies have been MUCH better . I thought some of the film techniques used , were better suited for a genre like Film Noir rather then a `` deep for a high school drop out '' type of film . This is the kind of film the starbucks whores flood to see and think it 's great because why ? One person that has some artsy standing said a few technical terms about the film-making , and they go to see it so they can put an example to the new words and trivia they learned . I am glad I saw this at a dollar theatre , even that was to much , well it was cheaper then renting it , so that 's a plus , about the only one I could find though . `` The plot -LRB- if there 's any -RRB- is simple but extremely boring , shortly into the movie you got the message that love is in the pursuit itself but not in the end result . Yet the movie went on forever and all you could get further is the repetition of `` Oh I love you , oh you 're gone . . awww '' 1000 times -LRB- plus more shaking images , blackouts , erratic lighting , and your dizziness caused by it -RRB- . '' another reviewer wrote this , and it is a nice summation.A moron that liked it wrote ... `` And for the record , I have never experience being in love before , but thanks to this movie , now I know the essence of it '' ... well um great , that was the most lame comment ever , and you seriously need to get outside some more . This kind of statement pisses me off , it 's just so AHHHHH ! Oh this reviewer also liked Kill Bill 2 , ` nuff said.Ok how about this , you give me $ 5 . I will come over and kick you in the head and call you stupid , no wait I will do it for free if you have already bought it.To put it another way , the concepts that a good portion of the movie is based on -LRB- solipsism of memory -RRB- are NOT EVEN FOLLOWED !
 Of the two other Charlie Kaufman scripts , both are better than this one . Those being `` Being John Malkovich '' and `` Adaptation . '' The frenetic style is wearing on the viewer here . You admire the film-making of the memory erasure sequences , but you do n't watch it wide-eyed , or particularly involved . I did n't fully understand some of the concept until I watched the extra `` Making of , '' never a good sign for a movie if it needs explanation . The `` plot '' runs thin too soon . The best moments are when the assistants run amok and get high during the night of Jim Carrey 's big mind erase . It 's mildly funny . And Kaufman 's trademark voice-over by the main character mouthing his racing thoughts is its usual fun self . Worth watching , but do n't expect to be hugely entertained .
 Please - save your money!If you like overly trite relationship `` humor '' overborne with `` deep '' thought , and pseudo stoner intellect -LRB- pseudo as in , If you never have , this is how you think it would be -RRB- this movie is for you.If you prefer subtle humor , with actual interest , go with something sortof funny - like Kill BIll -LRB- which I did n't like -RRB- . Calling this a comedy is like calling Fahrenheit 911 a documentary -LRB- read - factual -RRB- . This is without a doubt the worst Jim Carrey movie , and probably the worst so-called `` Best '' movie I have ever seen . It moved so slowly it made `` Howard 's End '' seem like the first `` Indiana Jones '' . Perhaps the critics who loved this smoked a couple of rocks to get them through the fast moving first hour , and then got a speed ball refresher to make it through the utterly lifeless middle.I watch movies to get away , if you want to watch an overborne , melodramatic comedy with albiet good talent in the acting , then you * might * like this . Buyer beware , I have never seen anything almost as unwatchable . If you think this is funny , then seek professional help .
 Jim Carrey needs to stay from these weird , serious movies . They are all bad , but Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is the worst yet . Clementine -LRB- Winslet -RRB- eraces Joel -LRB- Carrey -RRB- from her memory . To get even joel eraces her from his memory . They meet , do n't know each other , and fall in love all over again . I think the point was love is love no matter what , but is was a really weird way of comeing to that point . Not only was it weird , it was boring . I almost fell asleep . I felt like I was watching a movie making experiment . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This movie is pretty bad . Do n't waist your time watching it.The story is n't very captivating and the plot drudges . I thought they would bring it all together at the end with some type of moral , but that never happens and you 're left with two hours of nonsense .
 This was the most wasted two hours of my life . Critically acclaimed by people , and it ended up being a waste . With one funny line , `` Sand is overrated , '' by Jim Carrey , this is a waste . See this if you are the last person on earth and if it 's the only movie left on earth .
 If you want to jump on this enormous bandwagon and pretend to be tasteful and arty , then you of course have the freedom to go see this movie and post a praise here.But not me . Propelled by all the good reviews here and there I went to see this movie , but came out extremely disappointed , bored , and physically `` dazzled '' . The movie employed dark lighting and handhold camera shot to make an overall impression of gloomy and shaky `` mental world '' -LRB- is there a better techinque less cliche to represent mind ? -RRB- . And people think this movie is `` innovative '' ?! It gave that up right there and then , and makes me feel nauseous hours after walking out of the theatre.The plot -LRB- if there 's any -RRB- is simple but extremely boring , shortly into the movie you got the message that love is in the persuit itself but not in the end result . Yet the movie went on forever and all you could get further is the repetition of `` Oh I love you , oh you 're gone . . awww '' 1000 times -LRB- plus more shaking images , blackouts , erratic lighting , and your dizziness caused by it -RRB- . I love Carrey and Dunst , but I do n't give a dime to this movie , and I refuse to praise The Emperor 's New Suit . If you could sense the Emperor is actually naked but do n't want to stand up and be labelled `` odd ball '' , then simply quietly shun away from it as far as you can . Nausea is not a good feeling.In the dictionary
 do n't believe the hype . this is a very tedious movie to sit through . the actors are all good but the story 's ridiculous . and worse than the ridiculous story is the boring way it 's told , in never ending memory flashbacks -LRB- before they 're erased -RRB- . the movie bombed at the box office so you decide who 's right . the critics who love it or the money paying movie goers who did n't . one other thing , what 's the point of this movie ? that if dopey little creeps -LRB- human beings -RRB- came into possession of miraculous technology they 'd probably misuse it ? that 's the point of almost every science fiction novel written in the last 50 years . or is it that in love or life you must take the good with the bad . there 's no new ground being mined here .
 This movie is based on the idea of there exists true love . This is not true at all . Men and women and especially men are interested in basically one thing and that one thing is sex . Once the sex gets boring people move on . That is why there are so many break ups and divorces . We need to make more realistic movies that investigate sex and sexuality . This movie was crap
 I would honestly give this negative five stars if I could . It had the promise of a great story line , but I do n't feel that it did anywhere near where it could have . Neither did the rest of the audience in the theatre . Half of them had left before the first half of the movie was done . It was crappy -LRB- sorry Jim - I do normally love you -RRB- . Maybe I 'm not artsey fartsey enough but I just did n't get this .
 This movie has a particularly insidious gimmick that fools over-sentimental fobs who are easily manipulated by memories of love lost into breathing some wistful sighs and thinking they 've seen a great movie when its their own memories they 're in love with . How ironic.Most reviewers will try and pretend this is a great movie using the most pretentious lexicon available to film students , but this is n't a great movie . It plods and stutters and stammers and does n't take a single turn that any thinking person ca n't anticipate well in advance . It really does n't make us think about anything we do n't already know . Love can be painful but it 's ultimately rewarding ? My oh my ! Well stop the presses , I 've never heard that one before!The acting is n't good . Kate Winslet made her fame screeching in Titanic , and Jim Carrey made a name for himself due to his asanine rubber-faced mugging . There 's no acting here . There 's an ideal , but no acting .
 This was the worse movie that I have ever seen . It 's pretty bad when you have to shut the movie off 30 minutes into it . It just did n't go anywhere . All this movie had going for it was all the great actors and I ca n't believe they risked their careers for such an awful movie .
 The people who liked this probably liked it because of its suffocating sense of its own artiness , while completely overlooking the fact that there is not one likeable character in the movie . Just because a film is arty does not mean it is good -LRB- more often the reverse -RRB- . This movie is pap . Unpleasant and unlikeable .
 This supposedly clever film telegraphs the ending -LRB- or the `` almost ending '' -RRB- very quickly ; but even that does n't matter too much because it does n't take too long before you really do n't care too much what happens to these pathetic characters anyway ... It 's too bad , too , because as usual Jim Carry does a fabulous job with what he 's given to work with -- It 's just his continual bad judgement of scripts that pre-ordains his best efforts to be condemned to obscurity . The character of Joel is stunningly acted , unfortunately ... he 's totally uninteresting.As is the Character of Clementine ... I will NEVER understand why blue hair -LRB- the only attribute of this one-dimensional character -RRB- was enough to garner Kate Winslet an Oscar nomination when she was absolutely astounding in FINDING NEVERLAND.The supporting cast is also utterly wasted . WHY the likes of Kirsten Dunst and Elijah Wood are even there is a total mystery . They do n't seem to have much to do aside from display stupidity and -LRB- in the case of Kirsten -RRB- strip off clothing in an attempt to keep the audience awake and connected.The speculatory plot about the nature of memory , fate , love and space/time is so vapid that I could n't even conjure up a yawn . We endure this train wreck to , in the end , find out ... guess what ? That if we are realistic in our expectations to begin with , relationships will last longer and the people involved will be happier . Profound ... *** SNORE *** The best part of this film ... ???? The fact that it 's NOT a full two hours long .
 I have never been so confused by a movie . The acting itself was good but there were very slow , creeping parts and then the movie would move with such speed that you could n't keep up and did n't understand what was happening . I kept saying `` what the hell is going on ? `` Carey and Winslett 's roles were very different from what we have seen from them in the past . Carey was believeably serious for a change . He was painfully bashful and introspective and Kate was crazy , off-the-wall liberated . She was like a balloon that has been blown up and let go , wildly fluctuating all over the place.There were some spots in the movie that were enlightening and meaningful , but they were few and far between . The basic story could have been told in a more straightforward , less confusing way . There were interesting , but strange camera angles and the use of very bright lights that make some grotesque scenes . Guess I just ca n't get into `` artsy '' films . I did not like `` Vanilla Sky '' either , another confusing film.This is not one I would recommend because of the confusion and frustration it leaves you with .
 I was into the concept , the idea that memories which you no longer wish to keep can be permanently erased from your mind . Unfortunately , by the time these scenes were shown I was sick and tired of the various characters . They were whiney , boring , combative , and very profane . -LRB- The R rating is well deserved -RRB- . At times I felt I would have very pleased if the entire cast -LRB- almost -RRB- had been rolled by a beer truck -- at least then the misery I was feeling at having to watch these neurotic n'er - do-wells would be over . It did n't happen and some masochistic urge forced me to watch to the end.To be fair , there was one enjoyable area . The tenacity and will of the Jim Carrey character in refusing to let go of the memory of the Kate Winslet character , along with some nice special effects as this played out . Also , the ending would have been very compelling -- if only I could have cared ! I did n't . This should have been an excellent movie , but was n't . Pity .
 The most amazing thing about this film is that it is called `` Romantic Comedy '' . If extreme sexual and emotional repression , along with mediocre intelligence is considered romantic , then there is a point . Perhaps it makes some smile or laugh , since it 's supposed to be a comedy , but probably it 's laughter through tears - the story is the most helpless and pathetic , of a totally passive guy , with no energy , no imagination , with brain ability borderline with a mammal , who is being captured by an extravagant girl full of passions and ambitions . It is nerve-racking to see how she is trying to wake up his lethargic mind , but his grey matter is indeed so spotless and clean , just as Forrest Gump 's , who must be a relative of this imbecilic patient . Perhaps he had a lobotomy before ? Is love and romance really about poor dialogs , with vocabulary of 20 words , of constant grumpiness and quarreling , hopelessly , miserably ? They reunite , but for what - there can not be any bright future as they can not create it . This is probably the most neurotic and depressing version of a love story I 've ever seen , in a way it 's even gruesome in a sense of total emotional disconnect between two lovers , but I still give it 2 stars for cinematography .
 I really wanted to like this movie -LRB- I even watched it twice -RRB- . Instead I just wanted to smack anyone associated with it .
 I love Jim Carrey , the reviews were universally good , and the concept sounded interesting , so I was enthused about watching this movie . BORING ! I ca n't comment on the ending , because so much nothing happened that I could n't finish it .
 This is nonsense galore . I bought it for Kate 's sake . Tried to follow the movie but best I could do was to fast forward because this is a completely nonsense waste of time movie . I would not recommend it . Waste of money .
 A film with utterly no pulse . It was impossible for me to get engrossed in a plot inhabited by unlikable self-absorbed slackers and drifters who dwelled on and perpetuated their own misery.After watching 20 minutes of Carrey feeling sorry for himself and Winslet behaving like a patient on a day 's pass from the ward , I turned it off . I 'm glad I did .
 I love `` Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind . '' It 's my favorite film from ' 04 . I was eager to quickly purchase the DVD when it was first released - and I did so.Less than a month afterwards they announced a new 2-Disc edition , which must be the record for the shortest-ever re-release -LRB- apart from simultaneous separate editions such as the `` regular '' edition of Ray and the `` special '' edition for the die-hard fans of the film -RRB- . At first I was very upset , and angry at the film studio for doing this . Then I saw the extra features on the 2-Disc edition : - Inside the Mind of Michel Gondry - Anatomy of a Scene
 The bottomline about this film is that I DIDNT FEEL IT . I 'm a very curious guy so when I was told there is something so insanely mesmerising about this film , I saw it again and even after watching it twice , I failed to feel it . This film is self conscious , stuckup , morally confused and pretty badly edited . I found two scenes in this film which tried to be very thunderous but failed miserably at evoking any sort of amusement or `` whoa '' out of me , except the original intented intent.I did not sleep during this film . It isnt the worst film I have ever seen . I 'd still give it a four.All this is my opinion . Try not to knock on me.Do I hate it ? I seldom use such strong words , but Yes , with every beat in my `` Man On the moon '' loving , Jim Carrey Fan HEART .
 I wanted to like this , but I 'm afraid it just is n't that good . The problem for me was that , despite some truly wonderful , strange images -LRB- something like 80 % of the movie takes place in Carrey 's head while he 's asleep and supposedly being deprogrammed of his memories of his girlfriend -RRB- , what 's delivered to us at the end is a very simplistic message
 This movie seems to want to throw everything at you but the kitchen sink ... actually staring at the kitchen sink would have been more entertaining ... and call it entertainment . The movie had an interesting premise which was clouded and ruined by being over-eventful and consisting of a relationship between a shy man and a woman who clearly has a personality disorder , probably Borderline Personality Disorder . If this relationship were examined in a more straightforward manner , without all the gags and tricks and minor characters trying to steal the show every second , the raw and bittersweet facts of such a relationship might have been affecting . I once dated a woman with a similar personality disorder and so I found myself remembering how superficially charming and how difficult to disengage oneself from such people can be . THIS is an interesting premise . But it was as if the film-makers did not trust in their own premise enough to leave it to stand on its own feet and instead had to dance around it in such dizzying circles that it was entirely obscured .
 ***** I just realized my idiot self posted this review under the wrong ESOTSM Blu Ray Disk . This review is only for the Canadian version , not the future US release which this is pre-selling . My Apologies . If it can be moved to the correct location PLEASE DO SO . ***** Please note this is more of a review for the disk , than the actual film * If you are like me and could n't wait for the U.S. release of this film on Blu Ray , then you are probably contemplating buying the Canadian import . -LRB- I 'm still not sure when the U.S. Blu Ray release of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is set for sale ? Please enlighten me if you know . -RRB- Movie4 .5 / 5I adore this film.Interesting and unique take on romance and how at the end of the day memories are really what make us who we are . Lose your memories -LRB- good or bad -RRB- and lose yourself.Video Quality2 .5 / 5The transfer on the Canadian disk is very poor . I 'm heavily disappointed , but perhaps should n't be surprised . Grain is very noticeable , and the picture is flat and boring . Details that could be intriguing are instead blurry and forgotten.I 've recently heard the Japanese Blu Ray is quite impressive in it 's video quality , but have n't seen it for myself , I 'm curious now . Perhaps you should look into that version first . Bottom line , this transfer extremely uninspiring.Audio Quality3/5I found the sound satisfying enough.But far from top quality.Dialogue sounds a bit low , but overall it 's ok , it 's nothing to show off your sound.Extras / Special Features0/5Why ? There is none . This disk does n't even have a menu ... you pop in the disk and the movie just starts.OverallCome on Canada . : -LRB- To those in America ... Do n't bother buying this Canadian version , my advice , stick with your DVD copy until the American Blu Ray release happens . You will only be downgrading if you do n't . Or like I mentioned earlier , perhaps look into the Japanese disk.HP
 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a critics darling and hit movie on DVD but I could n't stand this film and I really tried to understand why this film is so special . Kate Winslet 's Oscar nominated performance is reason alone to watch this over-analytical comedy . Winslet is a fearless and unique actress , Jim Carrey and Mark Ruffalo are also good , I just wish Kristen Dunst was n't in this , she 's a one-trick pony ! Eternal Sunshine ... left me clouded and confused , pass this one up !
 People always get excited when something `` different '' comes out in theatres . Anything that 's `` different '' is always praised by the foolish movie going public . Eternal Sunshine is one of the most overrated films I 've ever seen . Kate Winslet is also one of the most overrated actresses ever . Why on earth was she nominated ? Actually , why has she been nominated FOUR TIMES for an Oscar ? Avoid this movie if you have self respect .
 And you can guess this is n't one of them.You know what this movie 's about ? `` Would n't it be cool if we could erase our memories ? Would n't that be cool ? '' No . Characters , plot , actors with a lick of talent , and dialogue that does n't just lay there would be cool . So would some good writing , which is notable for its total absence here.I did watch it all , by the way . The girl 's recording of why she was dumping Jim Carrey was good writing . Nothing else was.When Jim Carrey was running around in his old memories with the metaphor for his memories of what 's - her-face , did anyone have a TRON flashback?Really , we take one little premise and waffle and wander all over the place for over 100 minutes that seem a whole lot longer than that.And really , if we had mind-wiping technology , is that what we 'd do with it ? Settle a spat with a guy/girl or forget a dead doggie ? If my cat left me for some other guy with a tin of tuna , I 'd certainly want to remember her.But all that 's irrelevant . Really it 's just bad , lazy , sloppy writing .
 Jim Carrey has done some really bad movies and unfortunately this is not his worst.But it is bad enough to miss altogether.Acting bad , plot comes from the bottom of some plot barrel somewhere in a Hollywood junk yard.All it has going for it is the title ... what a waste that is .
 I was very disappointed with this movie . I figured with Jim Carey in it , it would be funny . What was the story line ? What was happening during the movie ? Who rated this a funny , romatic , movie ? It was not funny or romantic . I never laughed once . I wish I had read a review about this movie , then I never would have bought it . I do not recommend this movie , save your money . But then , out there , there may be someone that understands this movie . Please let people know . I will look forward to this review . Sorry about this review but you are supposed to be honest .
 I was n't exactly sure what to make of this film at first . It was so boring and never made any sense at all . Everyone is entitled to their opinion , but I do n't know why anyone likes this . It was n't funny , and it was n't interesting , and I found that my personality can be decieving and I 'm sometimes like Joel Barish , even though I do n't like this movie , -LCB- but I like the actors in other films -RCB- , but if you 're like me , ESSM is not worth seeing more than once if you do n't like movies that do n't make any sense . Like me .
 Save your money - do not rent or buy the movie , and most definitely do not go a theatre and spend $ 10 . This movie is just plain awful . What a waste of great actors . Also , what a waste of my time spent watching it . I could only get through about half of the movie before I shut it off .
 A sleeper in the sense that it made me doze off !!! What a waste of time . I only finished watching it because my son was watching it with me and he actually liked it!I thought it was pretentious , incoherent , and plodding . The so-called plot was ludicrous and contrived . It was way too strange for this viewer.I have taken to calling this movie `` Eternally Mindless '' , which would seem to be a better title.Skip this stinker !
 This movie is about two losers trying to find love and meaning in life between their loser lives . Obviously , a hopeless cause . I have never seen a worse , more stupid movie in my life . I would give it zero stars if I could .
 This movie is sooo not worh it . While Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet both gave decent performances my question is why they wasted their talent on a movie like this . The storyline kept going back and forth between reality and memories so much so that you could n't tell which was which . At times you did n't know what was going on at all . All of this craziness does n't allow the viewer to get involved with the so-called love story going on between the leading actors . I have to say this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I am surprised , actually shocked , by the amount of good ratings on amazon.com it has recieved . It was hard to watch .
 I ca n't believe I watched the whole thing . Tasteless , pathetic , boring nonsense . Cartoonish bohemian characters . It is not funny or romantic .
 By the title of this review , one can surmise that I 'm not wild about Jim Carrey . Did n't like the Truman Show , did n't like Ed Almighty or whatever his name was in that . In this movie , he was supposed to be playing it straight , and I guess for Jim Carrey , he was . I wanted so much to like this movie , to see Jim C redeem himself in my eyes like Bill Murray did in Groundhog Day -LRB- although I 'm sure he could care less -RRB- , but it 's still him.And I think once you are told the conceit of the story , the rest of the plot is pretty obvious by and large . I loved Kate Winslet in this -LRB- by the way , make sure you see her in the first episode of the new HBO show , `` Extras . '' -RRB- and there are one or two other good moments , but it is by no means a really good movie . Come to think of it , stick with Groundhog Day . It covers similar ground and does it much better , funnier and a better developed plot -LRB- and it stars the newly redeemed Bill Murray moving in the direction of being able to eventually star in Lost in Translation -- the sort of film I like . -RRB-
 This movie starts out kinda slow and boring . So stick with it if you want it to make sense . It gets better , but I would n't get my hopes up too high.The movie is too serious to be very funny , and too silly to be taken seriously . The story starts in the middle and catches back up with itself in a somewhat unique way , but that 's probably the most interesting part . If you like movies that feature loose sexual morality , then you might enjoy it , but it 's really a slow paced movie.Eternal Sunshine replaces The Cable Guy as my least favorite Jim Carey movie . I really think Carey is a great actor , but I thought he was too old for this role .
 I found this movie offensive , only occasionally funny , and not just a little bit depressing . Perhaps I 'm too far removed from the zeitgeist to appreciate the emotional ties , the current `` language of love , '' and the easy jump in/jump out of relationships among modern couples . In years past , the young would extend more courtliness to whores than these people extend to each other . I thought this movie stunk . It 's a shame too , since Jim Carrey , one of those `` Look at me , how outrageous I am '' clowns , acts almost human herein . And he does it well .
 I got the DVD and now bought the Blu-ray . That is a waste - there is no extra on the Blu-ray . When is Amazon going to give us the real list of extras on Blu-ray instead of recycling the DVD material ? Surely , Amazon can afford to let us have just that one section to list down what is in the Blu-ray . Well , I am not guessing any more and I am not buying any more Blu-ray from Amazon to upgrade from DVD until I am sure of what is in it .
 I love this movie , I 've seen it before , it 's one of my favorites but the DVD I bought is for Region 2 -LRB- NOT US -RRB- could have make it a little more clear that this wo n't play in my DVD player . Thanks a lot .
 I just could n't stand this movie . I did n't believe any of it , did n't find the performances convincing . Apologies to those who loved it ; I watched it with an open mind and found it terribly lacking .
 My wife and I tried to watch this movie . We consider ourselves to be open-minded when it comes to watching movies . We stopped it about mid-way through after being bored to the point of stupification with its glacially slow plotline . I know that the French have made better movies than this , because I have watched them . However , if this is an example of where their movie industry is headed , they would be better sticking with wine .
 I did n't like the plot , the acting . I could n't wait for the movie to be over.I found this movie to be extremely boring .
 Completely subtitled ... . this film was more of a personal documentary . The only benefit to watching this film is the last 10-15mins when she is in labor and switching positions . The woman 's attitude was horrible . I understand not wanting intervention , but your family should n't be treated badly . Not worth the money ...
 Buyer beware , this is only a 23 minute promotional video for a festival that took place 4 years ago . $ 15.99 is pretty darn costly for such a short video.Gothicfest is basically -LRB- 1 -RRB- full length SLICK IDIOT performance and -LRB- 1 -RRB- full length HANZEL UND GRETYL performance ... with a few brief interviews and behind-the-scenes footage.Since my name is plastered all over this release , I feel that I have the right to let my feelings known.I believe the majority of this footage has been on YouTube -LRB- for free -RRB- since 2006 . So please do not blame me if you feel `` ripped-off '' .
 This film is boring to the max . The entire movie is nothing but Jeff Bridges mumbling and grumbling and groaning and babbling about nothing . It is so boring ! Nothing happens ! The two or three action sequences are overshadowed by useless , incessant , rambling , pointless dialogue . The movie begins with the young girl haggling over money with a random character for like 15 minutes , it is the most boring way to begin a movie . Do movies these days even have editors ? The `` plot '' if you can call it that , is like every other western without an ounce of originality . Jeff Bridges is so annoying , he 's like the negative , loser , grumbling , complaining old guy in your family that you ca n't stand being forced to talk to . Even when they get `` on the trail '' to pursue the murderer , every scene just shows them on their horses listening to Bridges mumble . He 's an awful actor , I mean , it takes no skill at all to mumble like a drunk . His character is identical to his last film where he played a loser drunk . Damon is a bit more interesting , but you can see his character 's moves coming from a mile away . Unless you enjoy watching people mumble about nothing , skip this awful film .
 The great presence , at very least , John Wayne , replaced by a second rate Kris Kristofferson wannabe!Kim Darby was only good for one movie -- and that was the origonal TRUE GRIT.Robert Duvall also in origonal -- and even Glen Cambell was good , with a few minutes of Dennis Hopper.This is one of the very typical post-1970s movies that has one big name actor or two , and then a bunch of nobodies who could be hired for cheap.The story drags , the photography is ugly , and the overall mood is of a lifetime for women tv channel movie.THE ONLY REASON PROFESSIONAL CRITICS LOVED THIS JUNK IS BECAUSE THEY HATE WAYNE 'S POLITICS -- most movies now days are rated by professional critics according to the movie 's politics.Even if the origonal never existed , this new version would stink -- but professional critics would at least be honest of it being a lousy movie . -LRB- I bought this a few days ago at 48 hours video for 4 bucks ; no wonder video stores are going out of business . -RRB-
 Actors were miscast . Acting tried way too hard . The whole movie felt hollow - the original was way better . This was annoying to watch .
 This movie uses maximum words to express very little . The opening courtroom scene added nothing to the character nor the story . whereas the original version used minimum words to great effect.If Jeff Bridges had notinaudibly mumbled ad-nauseum beneath those cobwebs of a beard we may have warmed to his character which was acted rather woodenly all way through , he did not develop his character except on about 3 occasions when he focused his eye on someone he showed some emotion and ability . Very disappointing lead actor , wondering why he was chosen for a version of True Grit . `` Maddie '' at 14 appeared and was dressed as a stylish adult . Did n't ring true . As for her delivery , this actress did not mumble , she burbled throughout like a fishie blowing bubbles , same monotonous expression , but to be portrayed as so worldly and capable as a young teenager it was not believable . Very disappointing lead actress.Disappointing re-make . If a producer director and cast can not do a story justice better than or at least equal to an earlier or original version , why bother ? 1 star .
 Are you kidding me . I cut this movie off half way through . What a waste of time and money . Bad acting , writing and boring story line .
 Lame for a western . Lame story , vertually no action by half way . stopped watching . could ` nt wait any longer . does not live up to the name .
 I looked forward to this movie with great anticipation as I 'm a huge fan of the original film . This however was a great disappointment . I do n't understand how such good actors could collectively turn in such a poor performance . I saw no passion whatsoever . This is a testament to the idea that just having a great cast does not make for a great movie . There was absolutely no chemistry between any of the actors . I hate to place all the blame on the cast but in my very humble opinion that is exactly where the failure of this movie to entertain rests , square on the shoulders of the actors .
 This is the worst remake I have ever seen . It looked like some fifth graders put it together . One star is extremely generous . Story line and casting did not make it for me.I will be selling or trading this .
 I wanted to compare this movie with the orginal with John Wayne . Does n't even come close , but if you did n't know JW thenI suppose you might like it.Jeff Bridges is no match for John Wayne . Some people make good cowboys and some do n't . What more can I say.I would suggest the western movies of Tomestone , Lonesome Dove , Dancing with Wolves , etc. .
 I could n't tell if some of the caste has other things to do and talked fast to get this over with and the other half was plumb drunk with cotton balls stuffed in their mouths . I missed much of the dialogue.The story was good but the talking was annoying for the above reasons . Watching True Grit was an okay way to kill some time but I am glad I did n't bother going to a theater to see it .
 As much hype as this movie received , I was expecting more . The acting was good , but I felt like the characters could have been better developed . I 'm sure there was a point behind the styling of dialogue , but it just felt forced . Overall , it was decent entertainment to compliment a lazy afternoon of folding laundry and ironing . I did n't hate it , but it 's not something I would bother to watch again .
 I never thought John Wayne had an abundance of acting ability until I rented the BluRay edition of the Coen brothers True Grit.Now I have a renewed respect for his acting.Jeff Bridges was a great pick to play the Cogburn character , but he never was able to do what Wayne could ; be a drunkin ' crass old fart and still be likable . Maybe it 's the Coen brothers fault ; who knows.The actress that played the Matie Ross character seemed more like a high school drama student , and all-in-all the movie never topped the original ; which when re-doing a movie , is the first `` bar '' you have to get over . Otherwise , what 's the point?This remake then completely falls apart near the end and even the `` older '' Matie Ross actress does n't even come close to looking like the younger actress.I 'm glad I rented this instead of buying it.Oh , and by-the-way , I did some background work for the Coen brothers on thier movie `` A Serious Man '' -LRB- which was shot here in the Twin Cities -RRB- , so it 's not that I am a Coen hater .
 After hearing all of the promo for this version , my husband , who loves westerns , just had to have it . His opinion is `` it 's boring '' . I am not so easily impressed and waited until the local price dropped from $ 30 to $ 10 before buying it . I thought it was poorly filmed and the story choppy.On the positive side , the girl is less annoying and less wooden than the original and the men tried do a good job with their roles.We found it disappointing and unsatisfying and it will now collect dust in it 's rack . This is not because it is not John Wayne but , because it is just not a good movie .
 I always enjoyed Jeff Bridges and the Coen Brothers , and young Hailee Steinfeld gave a superb performance . The ending was truer to the book than the 1969 film , but some nonsensical plot twists like LaBoeuf splitting off and then accidently showing up at the cabin ambush scene made no sense , especially when he took a heavy rifle shot through the shoulder without much ill effect . Cogburn and Mattie finding a corpse hanging from a tree , cutting it down , and later encountering some weird mountain man character who wanted to sell the corpse back to them was just strange , as it was not in the book and the extraneous scenes added nothing to the film . Parts of the book shined through , but too inconsistently to carry the story along . The original film had a contrived Hollywood ending , -LRB- and a ghastly theme song sung by Glen Campbell -RRB- but many of scenes were pretty close to the original dialog in the book . The cabin scene with a young Dennis Hopper was quite memorable , and John Wayne and Glen Campbell played off each other very well . The Coen Brothers effort shined in spots , but was overall rather disappointing . Buy the book , like Huck Finn , it is a great first person narrative with great colloquial dialog and wit .
 I had somewhat high hopes for this film . After all , it was apparently up for some pretty big awards . I 'm not going to say it was a total let down , but it was pretty close.It 's easier to say what I like about the film rather than what I did n't . -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- I liked the ambush action scene , the near-end action scene and Rooster 's ride . That 's about it.To begin , whoever wrote this script clearly thinks very well of themselves . There was so much unnecessary dialogue , the film from the beginning comes across as chatty , thus rendering the characters most of the time unconvincing.Being a seasoned student of the C.War period and thereafter , there were numerous parts in the film that simply annoyed me as they seemed quite unauthentic . I wonder if the Coen brothers bothered to have any credible historical consultants . I think that would have helped the film . Furthermore , certain phrases used throughout the film struck me as a sorry attempt at authentic lingo.The best acting performance came from Matt Damon and the guy who played Barry Pepper . I felt that the cast was bogged down by the script and direction and could have done a better job.It annoyed me greatly that Jeff Bridges sounds like he has something in his mouth throughout the film , and later did Matt Damon , as well as Brolin . While Jeff Bridges ' may have been trying to come across as authentic with this form of speech , to a viewer , it only hindered his performance and frankly did n't add to his character 's authenticity in my eyes.I had high hopes for True Grit . I enjoy reading about the old west and thought I would enjoy this . Without the somewhat star-studded cast , this film never would have garnered the acclaim it did and yet still came across to me as a rather amateurish film project.I 'm interested to see the first True Grit to see how well that version fared .
 While Jeff Bridges did a good job in the lead role , the script of this movie comes across like a light-hearted comedy . There was no suspense , and everything was predictable . Not only that , the bad accents the actors spewed out were so heavy that it was nearly indecipherable . The last few minutes of the movie is simply hokey non-sense , typical Spielberg tripe .
 I found the first 3/4 of the movie boring and slow with no depth . The last 1/4 got a little bit better but predictable . Overall I found the movie mostly boring with mediocre acting . Not sure how this got so many 5 star reviews . I guess some people are easily impressed .
 The acting was too tired with little or no energy . Bridges brought nothing to the movie except his name . Do n't waste your time .
 I do n't remember the original version of True Grit . But I did read the Cormac McCarthy book No Country For Old Men and enjoyed the Coen Brothers film of that name with Tommy Lee Jones , Javier Bardem and Josh Brolin.This version of True Grit was a disappointment for me . I would like to see a film of another Cormac McCarthy novel . All The Pretty Horses -LRB- 1992 -RRB- has been done . McCarthy 's greatest novel was Blood Meridian -LRB- 1985 -RRB- . It would not be easy to film because it requires a large cast.Blood Meridian has been called the greatest American novel since William Faulkner 's As I Lay Dying .
 I like Matt Damon and Jeff Bridges , but this movie is absolutely TERRIBLE . John Wayne would roll over in his grave if he saw this after the one that he had made . Not worth your time !!
 It is lacking in spirit and excitement compared to the original . Cogburn does make a better case for being a drunk , because I can only understand about half of what he says which contributed to my losing interest in this movie . Matt Damon is a good actor usually , this just is n't his role or movie . Pass this one up and pick something else .
 Here 's the plot
 Boy , what a stinker , this could be one of the worst westerns ever made . I am a huge western fan & have seen my share of bad ones , but this one takes the cake . Save your money & do n't even see it for free . You have been warned !
 SPOILER ALERT.Save yourself two hours and read my short recap ... A girl is mad because her father was murdered . She wants revenge . A bunch of people shoot each other , kill some snakes , ride a horse until it 's nearly dead - then , not to disappoint , make sure it IS dead by shooting it in the head - and the movie ends with an armless woman alone and old.Sound like a fun time huh?Yeah , I did n't think so either .
 I saw this movie 2 days ago , fell asleep THREE times ! Seriously ! This is one slow moving , dull and boring movie ! To make matters worse , it is next to impossible to root/feel for any of the characters.Also , it is way too unbelievebale for a 14-year-old kid to be so informed/smart back in 1800s when most women do n't get to go to school then . Hailee Steinfeld 's 14-year-old character is like a child genius with a law degree from Harvard with high-speed Internet access back in 1800s ! To say this movie in far from entertaining would be an understatement.Yes , I could n't agree more with the other two reviewers , Diabolo and Beaumont Nantucket . -LRB- One need not be a spelling bee champ to write reviews here . None of us should pretend to be able to write as well as the likes of Roger Ebert , by the way , I absolutely do not agree with Roger 's review on this film . Because I fully agreed with Roger 's review on SALT , I was `` mislead '' by his review of True Grit . P.S. I would n't even come near a movie like The Green Hornet with a 100-foot pole . -RRB-
 in general , this was a well casted and acted movie.But it was destroyed for me by the horse abuse scene near the end where Jeff Bridges rides a beautiful , courageous horse into the ground and shoots it despite the wishes of his co-star who is the owner of the horse.This movie should be banned for the insensitive treatment of wonderful animals . That warning does not even show up on the rating for children less than 15 and is a travesty.I hope this move is destroyed and banned from all future showings.I am going to destroy my copy and hope everyone else will too.No animal abuse like this should be portrayed even if no animals were actuallyTrue Grit -LRB- Blu-ray/DVD Combo + Digital Copy -RRB- hurt .
 I had originally wrote a review of this movie `` sight unseen '' without having seen it.I did that out of a sense of `` outrage '' over the fact that Hollywood in its zeal toremake classic movies , no longer seemed to be able to develop original movie ideas ... and had even `` dared '' to remake a John Wayne classic ! Well , I 'm `` Calmer `` now ... I saw this movie , agree that Jeff Bridges tried to make Rooster his own , and still find myself biased for the original release ... Guess I 'm too much the oldtimer ... . I do n't think you have to make a darker version of something to remake it . I also do n't think this movie had to be judged by how close it was to the book.As an avid reader ... I 'd prefer to see my favorite books as movies with some `` twists '' on the story ... even a complete retelling ... That 's the fun of books , you use your `` own imagination '' ... not Hollywood 's . I did n't care for the ending or the gore ... I felt this movie felt too much like `` Deadwood '' ... Love John Wayne!Atreides
 Take away those parts and you have a fine cinematic work here . I felt these parts were completely unnecessary , imo .
 I can not see how this is a good movie . The characters in it do not speak with contractions . They always speak in full words , `` wo n't '' is `` would not '' and `` is n't '' is always `` is not '' and that is not -- I did an online investigation -- the way people spoke in the old West . It makes for a painful ride , as it sticks out like a sore thumb . Every character in the entire movie speaks in this very unconventional manner , and it detracts from the film . Oh sure , True Grit has tons of other pitfalls -- Jason Bourne miscast as a wimpy Texan with moustache like a dime store Charlie Chan , and Haille S. acting like a cardboard cutout in her first onscreen role . Hey , just because she 's a kid does n't mean she can act . And of course , the biggest blunder , the buffoon Lebowski now playing the buffoon Rooster Cogburn . Bridges has some talent , but not enough to carry an otherwise Saturday matinee quality movie . The plot is thinner than a snakeskin coin purse , and gallops along at a meander with little or no tension -LRB- sure there was tension when the Texas ranger went to the shack and the bad guys were riding up behind him , but then we had to hear for 30 minutes how the ranger hated Rooster for shooting him when he saved his life . I 'd have been kissing the guy ! -RRB- . Overacted , understoried , straight ahead western with little going for it ... a cast off in comparison to other superb movies in 2010 -LRB- e.g Black Swan , The King 's Speech -RRB- . A rip-snorting western this is not , it 's merely a straight ahead tale of revenge with comedic moments that fall flat , and of course , the damned stilted language . The characters in this sleeper could have used a couple lessons from Geoffrey Rush 's Lionel on how to speak like a human being.Loved Fargo . Enjoyed No Country . But True Grit ... Messiers Coen -- thumbs down !
 I never want to see this movie again . Jeff Bridges should have known better and Matt Damon should be ashamed . If I could give minus stars I would
 I 've seen so many westerns for so long now and the original `` True Grit '' is one of my favourites.I saw this re-make at a supermax , giant screen theatre and went into it with no preconceived notions.I did like the young girl 's part taken on by Halie . She was very good for an actress that young.But Matt was typical Matt and seemed to be miscast.As for Bridges part of Rooster , well , too bad he was so different from the original character . Could not understand most of his slurred dialog . His performance seemed flat and uninspired.Just not as great a movie as it was advertised to be . Sorry but i gave it one star and would not recommend it .
 After this movie came out , I did n't get around to seeing it but heard the hype about it and knew it was a remake of a supposedly popular older movie . I was surprised that it had been subsequently ignored by the Academy Awards board . No awards , not even a mention of it . All the celeb commentators expressed surprise.I recently rented it , remembering that I 'd wanted to see it as I have a fondness for Westerns . Well ... now I know why it was ignored.Weak character development , strained acting , unconvincing characters , and no reason to care about any one of them . I found myself just completely unengaged by any of their concerns or quests.The lead actress is competent enough in her dialogue and script recitation , but seems to try too hard to be `` hard '' . There 's little tenderness or warmth in her at all , and I found it hard to believe that she had any feelings about her dead father whose murder she 's so keen to avenge . I do n't blame her ; she just was n't well-directed . There are other moments of sheer incredulity in the movie as well . For instance , at one point , Bridges and Damon have a shooting contest of accuracy , where they practice shooting at tiny pieces of cornbread thrown in the air . They dutifully , impressively split these small pieces of bread -- but then are apparently completely unable to hit the broad back of a desperado fleeing across a river from them only 50 feet away ? I found myself saying `` Come ON !?! `` Other parts are equally as preposterous , such as a snakebite for no earthly reason but sheer opportunistic plot padding . If you know anything about snakes , they do n't bite out of vindictiveness or `` meanness '' -- yet that 's the only evident reason for this plot device . Ridiculous , honestly.Don ' t waste your money or your time . Rent `` The Outlaw Josey Wales '' for the fiftieth time , if necessary .
 This movie was bad.Really bad . Attack of the Killer Tomatoes bad . Forest Gump had a higher IQ than every male actor in this movie . Good luck if you decide on watching it .
 One of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Stupidcharacters and poor photography , stick with theJohn Wayne version from early 70s . Watched it forfree on Amazon Prime , and Amazon serviceworks great .
 do not see this movie . the characters do n't push the story and the story does n't push the characters . movie is boreing . do not waste your time ... go see the original.complete let down .
 Wooden acting , stilted dialogue . Nice set decoration is about the only good thing you can say about this movie . Very POOR attempt at a re-make of a classic Western .
 How anyone could call this even a good movie , much less compare it to an all time classic is beyond me . Terrible acting & boring . Why is everyone using that dum accent ? Couldnt finish , dont waste your money . i would give it zero stars if they would let me .
 I had high expectations for this flick , being a big fan of both the Coen bros. and the original John Wayne True Grit . And I am sorry to report this was a huge disappointment the cast seemed as though they were sleeping through the entire film it was boring boring boring . My suggestion is to skip this pitiful remake and stick with the original it had more life ! I would have given Zero stars if possible , what a shame !
 I have n't figured out what people see in this remake of the original John Wayne classic movie . Oh , sure , the picture has higher resolution and the colors are better but I found Jeff Bridges was a poor replacement for J.W. . The movie also deviated from the original in quite a number of scenes , making this newer version , although overall moderately accurate , much less interesting than the original . If you have n't seen the original J.W. version then the latest release may get you by if you like Westerns but only one or two actors in this version are doing characters in an acceptable manner and most of them are not any of the main characters . Mostly , I found this a waste of a couple of hours .
 Well yes it was that BAD . All i have to say is that Jeff Bridges who plays as the marshal , is that i could n't understand a damn word he was saying . I can not stand a movie where the main actor mumbles soo much it makes the movie unbearble to watch . This movie would make JOHN WAYNE roll over in his grave . Plus the DVD version of this movie has a bad glicth in it .
 My dear wife asked if we could rate this at the lowest possible level due to certain elements which we both found unacceptably distasteful -LRB- religious profanity -RRB- .
 Liked the original story better than the remake . Liked John Wayne better than Jeff Bridges , but I did like Matt Damon better than Glenn Campbell and the young girl in the remake better than Kim Darby . Overall , I feel the original was much , much better .
 I agree with all the three other people , so far , that gave this movie a `` 1 . '' Too bad there is n't something less than one ! I saw this movie in the theater and right from the start , I found it to be boring.Hailee Steinfeld was NEVER convincing as this young vengeful girl and most times it seemed she was just reading her lines instead of acting . Such a sham to have even considered her for an academy award . What is the matter with Hollywood ? Then to add insult to injury , the marble-mouthed Jeff Bridges gets nominated , too . Yikes . His performance was unintelligable . I could not understand half the things he said . Matt Damon was unconvincing also and what was with his speech ? Did the Coen 's have some researcher find out that all the people in the Old West were going around with some sort of speech impediment ? I love the fact that Josh Brolin got third billing when he was in the movie for , what , ten minutes max !!! Unbelievable!The only saving grace was the cinematography which was great , but the rest of the film was SO BAD that they wasted the talent of Roger Deakins in a waste of a movie.I recommend that you pass on this movie , but if you are really bent on seeing this disaster , rent it , sleep through it and then return it !
 Why they made this film I 'll never know . The original John Wayne film was excellent in all regards excepting perhaps Glen Campbell 's acting . The rest of the cast and their delivery in the old film were amazing . This new film is completely lifeless . I like Jeff Bridges in most things but this was likely his worst performance ever . The rest of the film just further demonstrated that it was a combined accomplishment of extremely poor performances from some really fine actors.The script was absolutely horrible and since it was a remake , it drug on as a continued example of what the film was n't rather than what it was.In my view , even for a remake , which are generally spotty to begin with , this film was a total failure in all regards . Avoid it at all cost , especially the cost you would spend on Amazon buying the disc .
 No stars for this terrible remake of a classic . Jeff Bridges sounds like he has mush in his mouth along with several other characters . Is this the best Hollywood can come up with ? Even the music was bad . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 This movie should be 0 stars , so I went with my friend to watch this movie in theatres because of the good reviews from critics , we were in for a surprise because it turned out to be extremely boring . So basically this girl 's father was killed by a bad guy and she needs help in seeking justice and hires jeff bridges to help her . The climax of the movie was when the horse they are riding on drops dead from bridges and the girl riding the horse until exhaustion , talk about animal cruelty . She is bitten by a poisoinous snake and ends up losing an arm.The whole movie I had to struggle just to understand what they were saying . I must really be missing something because it seems most poeple give this movie 5 stars , I must really be missing something cause this movie to me is one of the most boring movies I have ever seen . No action , nothing , just weird accent boring talk talk talk , bang ! horse drops dead , bang ! girl ends up losing her arm . The End . So went to watch Black Swan few days later , now that is a 5 star movie .
 I love western movies , but this truly had to be the most cheezy , boring , and dull remake of a classic I 've ever seen . Here are many more problems with this movie below :1 . The little girl is way too anoying that throughout the first 10 minutes you wished she would leave the screen . Instead she 's the main character , so your stuck with a whinning little brat the whole wasted time watching .2 . Hardly any gunfights and the small few are poorly played out as if your watching Little House On The Prairy .3 . Extremely boring , with no suspence , the main bad guy seems to be too nice and fake , real crappy acting .4 . This movie should 've been rated G and can easily be understood by 3 year olds .
 This film did not live up to the hype at all . It does n't deserve the acclaim it 's received , for some of the same reasons that someone else has already laid out .1 . Boring as hell . Talk , talk , talk , dragged out scenes , this is just DULL .2 . The lead , Hailee Steinfeld , got on my nerves in the first five to ten minutes . Her ridiculously proper speech and bratty demeanor are so grating that anytime she was in a wee spot of danger , I was actually hoping something so un-Hollywood would happen and she would bite the dust . No such luck .3 . The Coens just dragged it out too long . I 'm a big fan of their work , but not this turkey . Their storytelling on this one is so scattered . I could n't wait for it to end.An annoying lead , an incomprehensible , overbearing Jeff Bridges , and a long , boring story , what could be worse ?
 I was n't impressed with the actors , acting or script . True Grit / Rooster Cogburn is John Wayne and will always be John Wayne . As to the Coen Brothers ... I have yet to find a movie they made that I liked . They are way overrated . As a film buff with thousands in my collection , this definitely wont ' be one of them .
 Trying to remake a movie with characters brought to life be either John Wayne or Robert Duvall is just plain stupid . Bridges is a good actor but nowhere near the Rooster that Wayne was . Was Bridges saying his lines with marbles in his mouth or in the book did Rooster have a speech impediment ? There were times I really did n't even understand him . And the girl playing Mattie could n't even hold Kim Darby 's dirty clothes . She was totally uninspiring if you compare the zest with which Darby played the part . I even missed Glenn Campbell and a young Robert Duvall as Lucky Ned Pepper . To be fair to Bridges , Wayne was an icon who really just played John Wayne , a larger than life American treasure . An Oscar nomination for Bridges ? I certainly hope not . This portrayal does n't merit one . Besides , if Eastwood was not nominated for Gran Torino it would be criminal to nominate Bridges in this uninspired effort . What 's next ? Will the Cohen brothers try and remake the original Lonesome Dove ? Spare me .
 An absolutely pretentious western ; indeed , a terrible movie . Rooster Cogburn 's exaggerated `` harelip '' speech pattern were appalling and tedious . Couple that with a `` 2011-ish '' smart alec , know-it-all teen , Ross , and you have the makings of a blunderous film . Surprised that she is n't trying to intimidate Rooster with her supreme texting '' skills as she plods along on her nag . What anybody sees in this movie is beyond me . A waste of time and money . True Grit is True Sh # * !!
 My goodness , I would have thought something better with the story , but Damon is just one horrible actor and ruins everything he 's in , there has only been two good shows with him
 very disappointed as I was unable to view the product . The DVD is Zone 1 -LRB- USA only -RRB- while I am in Zone 4 -LRB- Australia -RRB- There was no information regarding zoning at the time of purchase . All in all , very disappointing and , to me , a complete waste of money . I am yet to receive RED , which was purchased at the same time as True Grit . Hopefully I 'll have better luck with that one . Having said that , this is the first time I have had any problem with any of my numerous purchases from Amazon.Regards
 For those who have read the book and seen the original , this is a large disappointment . The personalities of every character have been washed out to no more than line readers in western clothing . There is no emotion or ownership in the actor 's performance which led to having no connection to the film by me . It is a shame that so many parts of the story were removed or glossed over so quickly that there is little or no time to relate to the characters . It is a shame that the director of this film pushed good actors to remove any personality from their acting and deliver each word as if they were monotone computers . Not worth the time .
 What a load of nonsensical crap ! The film did not flow , the story line was.....well......non-existant , acting was strained . Overall , very boring and I would n't waste your evening on this film .
 I 'm reviewing the item purchased from Amazon , `` blue ray plus dvd '' , not the movie . -LRB- The movie itself is great . -RRB- This is a very misleading product description
 I do n't see the hype in this movie at all ... . I thought it was a yawner , very slow moving , boring ... I had to turn it off ... several times . Bridges talks like he has dirty socks in his mouth so you hardly understand what he is saying , the acting throughout was dull , scenery was nice , taht 's about it . Waste of money .
 After watching this movie , I had to `` cleanse my soul '' by watching `` The Searchers '' and the original `` True Grit '' . The Coen Bros. have no concept of what a Western should be . You just watch a John Ford movie and you 'll know what I 'm talking about . The CGI just made me sick . The narritive flow bogged down the movie and made it extremely boring . When you watch a good John Wayne movie -LRB- i.e.
 I 'm going to try and keep this simple , as I could write paragraphs about how this was a horrible re-boot . It saddened me too , because I went into the film wanting to like it , based on the reviews.The Acting - Nothing short of SAD . Jeff Bridges is a good actor , but NO ONE can ever replace John Wayne ; especially in his Academy Award Winning role . The Duke brought so much emotion and heart to the Rooster Cogburn character , while Bridges just seemed like a pathetic boring drunk , playing a role for a paycheck . At no time did I feel any love or emotion towards Bridges as I did for Wayne . Kim Darby blew away Hailee Steinfeld as Mattie Ross . Clearly , Hailee looked the correct age , but could n't hold a candle to Kim 's perfomance of Mattie . I felt no simpathy for Hailee 's character as I did Kim 's . Kim brought so much raw emotion to Mattie , that after a while , you felt for the poor girl . Matt Damon 's portrayal of LaBoeuf was another joke . He was so boring lifeless . Glenn Campbell brought humor and a certain arrogance to LaBouef . Josh Brolin as Tom Chaney ... I 'm stumbling over what to say . Another unemotional and boring character portrayal . Last but not least , Barry Pepper as Ned Pepper . He reminded me of Buford Tannon in Back to the Future III . Robert DuVall had a better look and did n't have to use a `` rough , raspy '' voice to make you believe he was a bad ass.The Score - absolutely lifeless and dreary . The original score may have been a little `` cheesey '' , but it brought a certain feel to the movie , that complimented the sequences in the film.The Scenery - no where near as vibrant and alive as the original.I would say my biggest gripe was the over-the-top phony `` cowboy '' dialect . In the original , everyone spoke in the REAL voice . Bridges , Brolin , Pepper and Damon all spoke in a ridiculous dialect . Many times you could n't understand what Bridges was saying . It was so annoying.I 'll close with this
 If you are looking for a western gun slinging movie - go watch Tombstone again for the 10th time . True Grit ... ouch it was painful . Have you ever bitten into something with a piece of sand or grit in it ? ** Wince ** Well thats what I felt when watching True Grit . Besides some good film work , pictures , and a handful of decent sarcastic jokes this move was bad . AND I LIKE BAD MOVIES ! But this one stunk . And I am not exaggerating . The reason I said `` dont do it Men '' bc my wife came back from work saying her young -LRB- 20 's -RRB- female coworker was pulled in by the terrible 14 year old girl who goes on the trail with Jeff Bridges character . She thought it was fun ... What would have been fun is if i would have counted the number of times during the movie I was wishing for the power to go out and not feel obliged to finish watching this movie . yes Hollywood publicized the crap out of this movie ... But they lied to us again . So let me say one more time . Dont do it men .
 I am not a fan of John Wayne by any means but there is no comparison between Jeff Bridges awful cartoonish performance as Cogburn with John Wayne 's excellence in the role . The Coens really disappoint in this sloppily acted , sloppily edited film.As a huge fan of the Western genre , I 'm all for modern remakes of old stories , as well as original stories like Tombstone or Silverado.This remake , though , does not capture the spirit of the book or the original film at all , and the pacing and story are really off . It 's a film that ca n't decide if it is a drama or a comedy , and is inept at both . Bridges mumbles his way through the role of Cogburn and is virtually impossible to understand -LRB- I had to turn on the subtitles -RRB- , Damon plays the character of Le Boeuf as a ridiculous martinet , and Brolin 's villain -LRB- along with the other villains -RRB- are nicer than the `` good guys '' - sweet guys who happen to be unwashed bank robbers . They look like they ought to be having a picnic . Brolin plays his role as a cheap , hapless victim when in fact he is supposed to be a menacing , calculating sociopath -LRB- in the book and original film , played by a brilliant Bruce Dern -RRB- . The only decent performances are the young girl who plays Mattie and the horse trader she bargains with.I was particularly offended by a gratuitous scene in which Bridges character kicks a young native American , several times , for no reason , other than sitting on a porch . While it is true that racism was rampant at that time , the scene had no bearing on the story or action and was completely offensive.Additionally , though this film was made on location in central Texas , there is an enormous amount of poor quality CGI enhancement , and uneven recoloring to give it a washed out sepia tone in some scenes but not in others.Don ' t waste your time or money on this one . Buy the original .
 If you loved the John Wayne portrayal of Rooster or the Novel by Charles Portis , you will most likely be disappointed with the feeble attempt to `` breathe new life '' into a classic . Maybe I am just too much in love with the original film version . It is very difficult for me to dismiss Bridges , Damon , Brolin and Peppers ; some of my favorite actors , however they did not hold a candle to Wayne , Campbell and Duvall . Damon seem to be trying to play a characterization of Campbell playing La Beouf . Bridges mumbled his dialouge and butchered Rooster 's persona . Bridges even wore the patch over the opposite eye that Wayne did -LSB- ... -RSB- The final disappointment was that Steinfeld came nowhere close to portraying Mattie as well as Kim Darby.I was so looking forward to this movie , now I wish I would have rented it , instead of buying . Thankfully I also own the original , so I plan to watch that again to try to erase all memory of this version . Marshal Rooster J. Cogburn and John Wayne will always be one in the same , sorry Mr. Bridges , sorry Mr. -LRB- s -RRB- Coen . I do not recommend this version of this classic film .
 I purchased this movie , on Blu-ray , for Father 's Day . We watched the movie the other night and I must say I am pretty disappointed . With all the advertising and buzz around this movie , I figured it had to be good , and since my Dad loves John Wayne , I also figured he 'd enjoy this . The movie just never really goes anywhere . I would recommend that you rent this movie from Netflix , Redbox DVD , Zune Marketplace , Playstation Store , Amazon Digital Marketplace , or from DIRECTV . I would not recommend you buy this .
 What can I add to all these reviews ? First the movie was shot beautifully and it looks first rate . I am told this version sticks a bit closer to the original book . Comparing the two movies , I do n't believe there is a single character I did n't like better in the first and original movies with John Wayne . While Jeff Bridges is a terrific actor , this was a role John Wayne was a perfect fit . Even Glenn Campbell , with his goofy delivery was better in this role than Matt Damon . Please understand , I believe Matt Damon and Jeff Bridges are superior actors in every way , but not in these roles.James Brolin was far too good looking to play the role of Tom Chaney . The last is a comparison with Kim Darby and Hailee Steinfeld . Darby was 21 years old when she played Matty at 14 . Steinfeld was 14 playing 14 . Darby was more believable as a teenager.The bottom line is , why redo a perfect movie if you ca n't improve it . I did n't hate it , but it just did n't do it for me . I 'm glad I rented it instead of buying it.Jerry
 What a joke this movie was , I should have known better , the first `` true grit '' with John Wayne was 1000 times better , do n't purchase and waste your money !
 I 'm certainly open to remakes . I enjoy the new Hawaii Five-0 every week even though I own the first 10 seasons of the original . But this remake is very disappointing . It moves very slowly and is more dialogue than action . I like Jeff Bridges but all he does in this movie is mumble and he is a disaster as Cogburn . It 's very hard to understand what he is saying . Also , he does n't get the same laughs as John Wayne did saying the same lines . I did n't think the young actress was that great either . She was good , but not as fantastic as critics made it sound like . If this movie is closer to the book , then I never want to read the book . It was boring , slow and very disappointing . Too bad because it was full of good actors . I say rent and do n't buy .
 I enjoy Westerns and had heard good things about this movie so I was looking forward to finally watching it . I was severely disappointed . I just could not get into it . I found it to be boring and lacking in any real emotional resonance . I felt nothing for any of the characters and got no real sense that they felt anything for each other . Initially , I liked Maddie 's attitude but after a while I admit that it wore thin . She seemed all spark and little real emotion . Cogburn and LaBoeuf were comical to the point where I had trouble believing that they ever managed to survive in their chosen professions.I forced myself to finish watching it . When it ended , I wondered why I felt that I had to finish it . I can not even blame the slow pace for my dislike because I like slow paced movies . I loved the Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford . Now that movie had a kind of resonance and beauty , like a poem or a photograph . But this is n't a review of that movie . Anyway , I 'm not sure what other people got from this movie but I did n't get anything but a sense of flatness . The story could have been a good drama , if only the characters actually seemed to feel anything . It could have been a good comedy , if it had stopped pretending to be a drama .
 This movie was boring and difficult to sit through . Not alot of content and difficult to understand parts of the movie . Skip this one !
 The problem with remakes is if you stick too close to the original without using creativity it can just be terribly boring . If you exercise creative liberty in the remake , the other group is indignant.Well here you have the boring . The original was actually much better and more intense . The girl actress was just annoying , Jeff Bridges was trying to channel his John Wayne , just made for an awful duo . Did the Coen brothers really make this one ?
 This is a great movie , no question . But I have been unable to get either Apple or Paramount to fix a major problem with buying this Combo . The digital copy simply will not transfer to my iPad or my iPhone . I can play it on my computer , but it will not transfer . I have exchanged it for another disc -- Amazon , as usual , has been wonderfully cooperative -- and the same thing was true . It can not be my hardware since I have tried to transfer it from my iTunes to three different devices , and it would n't transfer to any of them .
 poor intro to the story using a narrative and the ending was likewise a disappointment . I believe we have the director to blame for some of the failure in this movie such as having Jeff Bridges over do trying to sound gruff . In the middle of the movie where a little more of his natural voice was allowed , it was actually an improvement to the experience of the movie . The gal that plays Mattie had some bright spots with her expressions , but the haggling scene came up short in comparison to the original . I 'm not a huge John Wayne fan , BUT when he did something right ... he flat did it extremely well and the same goes for Duvall and the rest of the cast of characters in the original . Matt Damon started out well but then was no better than Glenn Campbell and lacked in his performance.I blame the director for the shortcomings in this movie . Sure Barry Pepper is a great actor , but he just did n't carry the role as well as Duvall . Josh Brolin was ok , but again kept from doing it as well as he could . It was obvious . It was as if all the actors were being held back from giving their best to follow the vision of the director who should stick to Sci-fi etc and forget about remaking a great classic western that was done so perfectly the first time around . I honestly do n't know what the director was thinking . I live out west and the characters lacked the flavor , the spice and character of real life out here.John Wayne 's True Grit captured all of it.My wife was also greatly disappointed in this film , so much so that she demanded I get the original along with Rooster Cogburn in case some fool decided to do a remake and screw that up as well.You expect more , you expect better , not in special effects , but in content and performance . The 1st True Grit is a 5 star plus film . This film was a sad disappointment and I 'm glad I bought it cheap .
 Unfortunately a lot of great actors and could n't hold a candle to John Wayne . The dialog was not very positive at the end .
 Myself and my wife were really looking forward to this film , due in large part to the hype surrounding the movie and the Coen brother 's reputation for originality.Imagine our surprise when this clich&eacute;d ridden , boring , unoriginal piece of dross hit our screens . It was not just the clich&eacute;d writing and predictable turns which annoyed us , but also the acting . Most of the time we could n't understand any of the muttered ramblings coming out from Jeff Bridge 's mouth but worse still was the precocious child playing the lead role.Her brashness was not cute , nor was her naivety which was pushed into our faces at every given opportunity when it appeared that she was getting too smart . Her toughness and perseverance are right out of a modern-day girl-power chick flick rather than qualities that naturally emerge from her character as the film progresses.I guess the good points about this film would have to be the authenticity of the set and costumes and some of the lines were intelligent , if not smugly delivered and at times wooden . It is a shame that during most of the dialogue I was very aware that I was watching actors reciting words from a script . I think this is a good example of clever lines looking far better on paper than being delivered by the actor.I did not even find the Coen brothers surrealist humour to be particularly droll either.In the end , this has to be one of the least remarkable films I have watched this year.I would ignore this film and watch something else which does n't quite insist upon itself so much .
 Without wanting to give away any of the storyline , I must say that this was by far the worst movie I have ever seen . There is no redeeming value to any of the characters or the story itself . If you are looking for a reason to become hooked on anti-depressants watching this movie is for you , otherwise save yourself the money and buy any other movie currently being sold . I promise you that whatever else you buy it will be a much better choice .
 The John Wayne version a much better movie and better entertainment . Why did they bother with this ? Made half this version in the dark ; cheaper I guess .
 This movie BLOWS , I think Bridges was on Crack the whole intire movie !!! Did anyone unstand what he said ?? See , i never watched the old one with John Wayn , and if I did , this one would have REALLY sucked , would of gave it only 1 star !!! A few of his movies i like , Starman was one of them . . his newer movies stink , he is burnt out , , i have to say i liked Tron the 1st one , the second one , he came into it with a bit of a Laboskie attitude , and he was Burnt out !!! Bridges is Too Burnt out in my Book to even think about trying another fast paced Movie , he should stick to his burnt out Drama type figure , He acually slowed it dowwwwwnnnnnn !!!!!
 True Grit is a powerful story and was one of John Wayne 's best for which he won an Oscar . Not to overlook John Hathaway 's excellent direction and outstanding acting performances by Kim Darby , Glen Campbell and Robert Duvall . The only more recent western that delivers with such emotion and historic accuracy is `` Unforgiven '' . Sadly , this remake does n't even come close and will disappoint many whether they have seen the original or not.The documentary beginning and ending of the movie were beyond strange . The ending is bizarre . It 's as if the director had wanted to make sure everyone left the movie revolted and depressed.Throughout , the movie is disjointed as if edited by an amateur with an axe . There is no flow.The pony negotiation scene falls flat and lacks clarity . There are several scenes that seem out of place , unnecessary and do n't advance the story . Then there 's the unneeded shock and gore.Many times the music seemed inappropriate and irritating injected itself into the flow of the movie.It was if someone had set out to make a mockery of the original and a social statement about our violent past . Rooster Cogburn in the outdoor toilet and the one-armed women.The acting by Jeff Bridges is OK but not one of his best . The characters portrayed by Matt Damon and Hallie Steinfeld just did n't ring true and at times seemed forced . Josh Brolin -LRB- Chaney -RRB- and Barry Pepper -LRB- Ned Pepper -RRB- were good.This is a terrible movie . I wish I could return this DVD and get my money back.True Grit -LRB- Blu-ray/DVD Combo + Digital Copy -RRB-
 I grew up on Western movies , and was pretty interested to see what this remake could deliver . Unfortunately , it did n't deliver much of anything . There was a huge lack of direction for one thing . It 's like the Coens just told everyone to just go out and read their lines any old which way and it would be fine . As a result , the minor parts that are critical to the story were horribly played ; in fact several of them were worst acting I have ever seen . There was little consideration given to the audience , with many characters slurring speech which was distracting to the story . There were quite a few scenes that looked as if they had been rushed through and should have been re-shot . Some of them did n't even make any sense and could have been cut entirely as they contributed nothing to the movie.Hailee Steinfeld did well in her part as Mattie Ross , but several scenes should have been reworked . She actually blew her lines in a couple but they left them in anyway , giving me the impression that they were in a hurry to get the movie shot.Jeff Bridges portrayal of Rooster Cogburn was mixed . Some good , some bad . Again , speaks to poor direction.Matt Damon looks better in the previews than he did in the movie . His performance was pretty forgettable.Josn Brolin 's Tom Chaney was , again , forgettable.Other than Steinfeld , Barry Peppers performance as Ned Pepper was nothing short of outsdanding ; unfortunately , his surrounding characters were pathetically acted out.This was the first movie I have gone to in years that I considered walking out of halfway through . There are parts of it that are literally that boring , dispassionate , and nonsensical ; many scenes shot in too much of a hurry ; and others that should have been left out . The Western directors and actors of yesteryear are a pretty hard act to follow , and True Grit 2010 did n't make it . I gave it two stars for Steinfeld -LRB- a pretty stellar performance given her inexperience and the fact she was getting no help on set -RRB- and Pepper .
 I can not think of a film that I have found so disappointing . Jeff Bridges sounds like Beetlejuice after a few drinks . He does nothing other than growl and mumble into his beard for the entire film - you can barely understand a word he says . And he looks like he 's hiding behind his over sized eye-patch -LRB- a prop that is NOT in the novel ; Rooster 's bad eye simply remains closed -RRB- . With the exception of the ending this film version of Charles Portis ' great novel is not the faithful adaptation that the Coen brothers promised . They have introduced new scenes , distorted other scenes , added additional dialog and inserted pointless characters that do nothing to advance the story ; the bizarre `` doctor '' wearing the bear skin is a prime example . Much praise has been lavished on unknown actress Hailee Steinfeld for her performance as Mattie Ross . What performance ? Her horse has a more commanding screen presence . Matt Damon is a great actor , but in this film you would n't even know he 's in the movie if not for how loud his spurs jingle.This is another prime example of how lackluster Hollywood 's films of 2010 have been . It promises much and does n't deliver . Why did they even bother making this movie ? It brings nothing new to the Western genre . Fail .
 I am amazed at a few of the comments here.First , the one about the Coen 's creating an original script . I saw both versions and I felt like I was watching someone else mouth the words from the original version most of the time . The only thing original are the parts that were n't in the original movie in most cases.Second , is the comment that anything that is based on an existing piece of work , book or other work , ca n't be a remake . It 's a remake of the original movie not the book . Any time there is already a movie released and another one is made that essentially copies the first then the second is a remake.Third , I agree that there is no need to re-make a classic . Besides , ca n't the writers come up with something new ? I read an interview with Clint Eastwood a while ago and he said that they should lock up all the writers in a room and not let them out until they come up with a new script . Things must sure have gone down hill when you have to do TV shows as movies because you ca n't come up with any new material.I understand that opinions differ so I have to say in my opinion this is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . I do agree with any comments made about the young girl who played Matty Ross . She did a very good job considering the circumstances and the terrible dialog she had in the cases where the Coen brothers strayed away from the original.I stated in my first review that staying true to the book is not always a good thing and I felt I must repeat the fact . The book may read well but it just does n't translate well to the screen , just like Stephen King books .
 First , I want to be honest , I am not an avid fan of westerns . Also , I find Coen films to be over the top , always draped in the sackcloth of dark humor . Why is it that American Cinema can never escape violence ? Having said all that it somehow worked , and refreshingly so , for their movie Fargo , but this movie-making brother team has used it as a crutch too many times.From what I 've read , the directors were more faithful to the book . So , if you are a fan of Charles Portis you might like this movie.Personally , I found the marquee stars of the film were not the better actors of the film . Hailee Steinfeld was superb , and Barry Pepper , although his role was small , was one of the few actors who did n't sound like Yosemite Sam when using a southern accent -LRB- really , Hollywood , get some better voice coaches ! -RRB- I 'm from the south , I know what country people sound like ... and that ai n't it ; -RRB- If you like westerns , you might like this film . Otherwise , do not be convinced by all the hype . This movie does not live up to it .
 I have seen the original movie . This remake follows the original almost scene for scene . To the point that not only did I know what was happening but I could quote dialog . I realize both films were drawing from the same source material but it seemed like the Coen brothers read the Charles Portis novel and extracted pretty the same script as the 1969 version . They failed to differentiate their film enough from the original . It 's an issue because , whether you like/dislike the original , it is the definitive version . If all you manage to do is remake the original with , admittedly , better cinematography and a different -LRB- I would argue worse -RRB- ending , why bother ? People can go watch the original . There is nothing wrong with watching old movies.Like others , I found Jeff Bridges dialog difficult to understand . More significantly , he lacks the charisma of John Wayne . I never found myself rooting for his character . But , most importantly , under all the cranky drunkenness John Wayne 's Rooster Cogburn is a good man . He does what he does for his `` little sister '' because he is a decent and noble man . Bridges ' Cogburn conveyed none of that to me . He seemed driven by the plot more than anything else . Certainly not any underlying tenderness for Mattie.I enjoyed Hailee Steinfeld as Mattie but no more than Kim Darby 's performance in the original . Hailee seemed too young . Darby 's Mattie is a young woman while Steinfeld 's Mattie is a girl . This difference in perception is creepily illustrated when Steinfeld 's Mattie awakens to find Matt Damon 's LaBoeuf character sitting in her bedroom and confessing to a thought of stealing kisses from her . The same scene in the original occurred in a dining room between Darby 's older Mattie and Glen Campbell . Almost identical dialog in the two scenes but the remake was much darker in tone.Damon 's LaBoeuf was interesting . But with so much identical dialog between his and Campbell 's LaBoeuf , I found I preferred the lines delivered by the very `` folksy '' Glen Campbell . I know John Wayne picked Campbell for the role himself and , while decent in the part , I ca n't help but wish someone had over-ruled John Wayne and given Robert Duval the LaBoeuf role rather than the Ned Pepper part.Finally , yes , the endings are different . I still prefer the upbeat original ending to the downer the Coen brothers gave us . Closer to the book may be their explanation but it sounds more like an excuse ; an excuse to remake the original with largely identical scenes and largely identical dialog . `` But ours is different , '' they say , `` See , we changed the ending and changed the tone . '' So what ? I still felt like I was seeing an expensive rehash of a film that can stand on its own perfectly well . Why on earth did they not make a better effort to differentiate their film from the original ?
 I bought this movie not knowing what to expect . Since it was yet another remake by Hollywood , in a long line of remakes , I expected them to feel the need to change the movie from the orginal which they did . I do n't know if it 's these changes or what , but this movie just does n't flow well . Jeff Bridges does a good job of acting and I like him , but his portrayal of Rooster Cogburn just does n't flow . It 's too dis-jointed from when he jumps personalities between the drunk , the grissled tough sheriff , the braggart , etc. and I kept waiting for the directors to yell `` cut , do it over '' . Another part of the problem is they not only re-made a movie that did n't need re-made , but they stole lines from the 2nd version of this movie with John Wayne , in `` Rooster Cogburn -LRB- and the lady -RRB- '' . This particular scene was a terrible reproduction of the original scene of Rooster shooting the ` corn dodgers ' . Just out of nowhere they slap in their version of this scene and it did n't fit in the movie at all , almost as if it was an after thought to do this and they randomly picked a spot in the movie to do it . And unfortunatley Matt Damon 's portrayal of LeBoeuf was just down right annoying with the monotone steadiness of his voice.Basically , if you 've seen the original True Grit with John Wayne , this movie does n't measure up . If you have n't , then your mileage may vary .
 I was so looking forward to this re-make that I dug out my old John Wayne version DVD and watched itfor the first time after seeing the film in the theatre during its first run . I was pleasantly surprised that this original version remained a great entertaining western . I watched the new version on DVD last night . Supposedly the Coen brothers used more of the dialogues from the book but I found the lenghthy dialogue weighed down the dramatic tension of the film . The worldliness of the 14 year old girl on film was hard for one to believe and the young actress did n't have the special quality to bridge that critical gap -LRB- maybe no one can -RRB- . Jeff Bridges ' performance was disappointing -LRB- Coens partly to be blamed -RRB- . JB did n't seem to have the statue required to bring that Rooster Cogburn to life . Matt Damon was given the difficult role of the Texas ranger . As usual , MD made the best out of it . Josh Brolin and Barry Pepper were not given much to chew on . The 2 major set pieces were poorly executed . The gunfight at the cabin in the original version was exciting and occured during a beautiful morning . It was pitch black in this new version and unexciting and without tension . The famous horse back charge at the climax is a great disappointment in comparison to the original version . The epilogue seems unnecessary even if it might be based on the book.Other than the fine cinematography , this film seems over long , ponderous and lack of grit . A major disappointment .
 Despite its superb cast , True Grit hangs on the screen for an hour and fifty-one minutes as dry and lifeless as baccala . Jeff Bridges ' incoherent mumbling left even this denizen of the Deep South yearning for English subtitles . Glad I chose to rent and not buy .
 i must admit , the lack of contractions in this movie is downright annoying . the actors sounded as though they were reading from a script behind the camera . it was totally artificial . they should have instituted contractions when they saw the first few frames and how bad it sounded . the girl who played mattie ross was the worst . her character was totally unbelievable , and you end up feeling no sympathy for her because there is nothing to sympathize with . and then the god-awful lack of contractions in her dialogue . i almost turned it off more than once . josh brolin , whom i usually adore , was terrible in this movie . not because of his acting , but because of the role , and again , that horrible dialogue . everyone just sounded like terrible , amateur actors . the only redeeming thing in this movie is that jeff bridges and matt damon are excellent actors despite it all . but no one was going to win with this screenplay . this was a serious dud . its too bad . i love pretty much everything that the cohen brothers do . perhaps they think that because they are cohens that anything they do will be grand . unfortunately , this is their one dud . hopefully it will be the only . sorry guys , a bad script is a bad script no matter who 's behind the camera and the budget . two stars , one for damon , one for bridges . they are the only things worth anything here .
 111 minutes I 'll never get back . Sorry folks but this is one lousy picture . It gets one star for Jeff Bridges , try as he may his character lacks development and is chalked full of stereo types which are just silly ; not very a sympathetic portrayal either . A second star for the set , they made a concerted effort to recreate the old west ; perhaps to distract from the lousy direction , cinematography , and hasty flow of the scenes . So much potential with this cast of actors but I got the sense early on that I was being shuffled forward in order to just get to the end . And the ending , pffft ; with little sentiment as though there was no meaning to any of it .
 Confusing and not as great as people make it out to be , but to each their own . Original was way better .
 The original version with John Wayne is superior to the new rendition . I wasted my money buying this copy Took too many liberties in modifying the script .
 First off , I do applaud , as others have , the ambition of the Coens in tackling this one . There are a few iconic Westerns out there that , in my view , should n't be remade -- the original TRUE GRIT among them . But , having said that , who better to attempt it than the Coens.That being said , let 's get to it!I love reviewers who complain about `` John Wayne just playing John Wayne ! '' It is , in my thinking , a remarkably stupid thing to say . Still , critics over the years have made the same rationalization when assessing the Duke 's work . Ironically , the very same thing might arguably be said of James Stewart or of Henry Fonda or of Clint Eastwood or of Robert Redford . The great ones are great because they have us believing they ARE who they play and not the other way around . In other words John Wayne IS Rooster Cogburn just as he IS J.B. Books , Wil Anderson , J.D. Cahill and Jacob McCandles , just to name a few . And when a performance becomes so ingrained in the minds of movie goers , as John Wayne 's depiction of Rooster Cogburn has , there 's absolutely no getting around it . PERIOD.Some will say , `` Well , I like Jeff Bridges better . '' Absolutely acceptable . Glad the new portrayal worked for you . It , however , did not for me.Bridges , while a talented actor , was simply in over his head . Absolutely drowning even before he entered the water ! How do you go head-to-head with a legend ? You can not dismiss the original performance . After all , very likely Bridges was raised with it . So how do you go about it ? Costuming changes ? After all , Cogburn does n't wear an eye patch in the book . Why not that ? Maybe gain a ton of weight and grow a long , handlebar mustache for the same reason . But , because Wayne IS Cogburn , it would have been box office suicide . In this particular case , it seems Bridges attempted to monotonize the character all together . No emotion ! NONE ! Dead pan , half-drunk mumbling is all that emerges in every scene . Oh ! And he does put on a farmer 's hat ! Even in the famous `` FILL YOUR HANDS , YOU SONOFABITCH ! '' Stand off with Lucky Ned , Bridges manages no more than a drunken mumble ! Heavens ! Even Barry Pepper , starring as Lucky Ned -- the role made originally famous by a young Bob Duvall -- is far more appropriately animated when compared to Bridges ' Cogburn in this signature scene.Obviously , Matt Damon comes across far better than his counterpart in the original , Glen Campbell . At least Damon did n't attempt to sing the theme song while , over the years , all of us have wondered why Campbell attempted acting.No . The only real bright spot in this movie is Hailee Steinfeld as Mattie Ross . Fresh . Quick . Spot on . Oh , sure ! Kim Darby has been panned over the years for her overly perky portrayal . But , if you read the book , you 'll see that Darby did rather well and you can easily tell that Steinfeld takes many of her cues from Darby 's performance.And then there 's the music . Composer Carter Burwell was faced with just as impossible a task in his work as Bridges was in his . How do you compete with Elmer Bernstein when it comes to music in the Western movies . And , you guessed it , Burwell handles his calling just about as well as Bridges did his!And forget all of the dialogue about this version being truer to the book . Absolutely not true . It 's just that the Coens chose some things to include while leaving others out . The same is true of the original . But that 's movie making , is n't it ? You simply can not include everything and the new movie is no exception there.Now , do n't get me wrong . The cinematography is classic Coen . Beautiful and stark . Unmistakable . This movie is worth watching for that alone.But , all things being considered , I can manage only two stars.THE HORSEMAN
 I also really wanted to like this re-make of `` True Grit , '' but even a second viewing could n't help . This version - starring Jeff Bridges - is vastly inferior to the 1969 version even if - as remarked - it is truer to the novel -LRB- hey , sometimes a novel is simply not as good as its screenplay -RRB- . The Bridge 's version suffers from actors who are trying too hard not to repeat dialogue in the same manner as in the classic John Wayne version and , as a result , either mumble or fumble the film 's most classic lines . The acting is stilted and some of the players are clearly miscast , such as Matt Damen as La Boeuf -LRB- amazingly even non-actor Glen Campbell gave a more credible performace in the eariler version -RRB- . In sum , highly recommend letting this one go .
 If you have n't seen the movie then the phrase &#34; I did not know that &#34; does n't mean much except to say you will hear it a lot in this movie . I appreciate a movie written for the time period however I found the prose did n't add to the quality of the movie . It did n't make me feel as if I were part of the times which is one of the intent of the writer.With that being said the movie felt forced . The acting was good -LRB- much better than the first -RRB- but it felt rushed and did n't entertain me nor was I able to get asorbed into the movie .
 Jeff Bridges was really a reason to watch this movie , but the rest ... . A child actor like in a Disney flick , was that necessary ? What a miscast for that kind of story . After a ride on a horse back through a river the actor appeared in bone dry clothing , was that supposed to be funny ? And here 's the point , I had the impression that this movie was made to entertain everybody 's taste . Like a creature , half chicken , half fish . After a smile , there 's only left a laugh and a half .
 I 'm not quite sure what I expected when I rented this movie but I sure am glad I did n't buy it before giving it a test drive . I had asked several friends how it compared with Tombstone , the western that I hold in highest regard . Several friends had told me it was n't quite as good as Tombstone ... . Really ??? What movie were you watching ? Because the movie I just watched was about as interesting as an infomercial at 4am . An absolute disappointment as I was truly looking forward to this movie 's release . My best advice to you if you are thinking of renting/buying this movie is to go dust off that copy of Tombstone and watch it again in all its glory . This review is coming from a true movie fan having 2 home theater 7.1 systems in my house with my basement containing a system to rival most movie venues . Rarely do I disapprove of a movie that was deemed good but I find myself asking if we watched the same movie . I can not find anything redeeming about this movie . Do n't believe me watch it for yourself and please let me know what all the fuss was about because I just did n't see it .
 this movie was HORRIBLE !!! Seriously , why is the movie getting such high praise ? We do n't understand . Jeff Bridge was TERRIBLE ! He was a slurring , mumbling , unintelligble grade C actor in this movie and Matt Damon -LRB- whom i love -RRB- was not much better . Hailee Steinfled was the only shining light in the whole movie but she could n't save it from crumbling around her . In general I love the Coen brothers ' movies so I was truly expecting to add this to my list of favorites . I 'm glad I held out til the last 5 minutes because that was the best part . If the rest of the movie could have had that tone I would have not been tempted to turn it off 50 times over . I can appreciate the original for what it was but it 's not my favorite genre . I was looking forward to a nice rendition of it with this movie . Instead I am severely disappointed and sorry i spent the money and time to watch it . Is there a negative star ????
 I purchased two of this dvd - one for myself , and one as a gift . When I opened mine , the inside of the packaging had fuzz all on the inside , and all over the dvd . I tried wiping it off , however it seemed to get stuck on the back side in the inner ring ` lip ' . I have n't played it in my dvd player yet - frankly a bit worried to do so . AND hoping that the one I purchased as a gift does not have this ` fuzz ' all in it also !
 it might have been nice to really review this movie if it would play but it wont every other dvd did so whats its problem ?
 This DVD arrived without a case ; and it was not viewable . At first I thought it was either dirty or my machine needed cleaning . It was neither of these ... it was the DVD . I think it was a bad copy ... needless to say , I was very disappointed in this product .
 Was expecting more from a Coen brother 's film . This movie fell flat for me.Two bright lights in the movie were Josh Brolin , cast as Tom Chaney , andBarry Pepper , which I thought was fun touch in that he was cast as Ned Pepper , relative perhaps ? I was not expecting a remake , not in the least , but Iwas expecting more in a new story that never captivated me .
 First of all , this Alpha print of `` Daughter of the Tong '' is washed out and blurry throughout , making the film hard to watch . And the plot of the film is washed out , too.Films that center around Chinatown are supposed to be mysterious , exotic , and exciting . In those areas , `` Daughter of the Tong '' strikes out . For one thing , this Poverty Row `` thriller '' plods along with almost no action.Evelyn Brent plays Carney , the leader of a gang that is headquartered in a hotel on the edge of Chinatown . I guess that 's why we see so little of Chinatown and so much of the interior of a hotel , mainly the lobby and the threadbare room where Carney oversees her operations.The few attempts to make Evelyn Brent appear to be Asian are to fit her with a black wig cut in a page boy , and to provide her with a nondescript Asian-style dress . That 's it . Also , Ms. Brent makes no attempt at having any type of accent other than to speak in a growl . She also spends most of her screen time sitting behind a desk and handing out orders to her motley crew of henchmen.Grant Withers plays the FBI agent who volunteers to impersonate one of the gang members who escaped from prison , but has yet to make his way back to Carney 's lair . Withers just looks tired and bored in this film . George O'Brien , another Poverty Row regular , does n't put out much effort , either.The only mystery in `` Daughter of the Tong '' is trying to find the missing story in this dreary little programmer . Is there a good detective in the house ?
 What was beginning in season four continues
 First of all , ignore any review from prior to 5/21 , because 5/21 is when the season was over and it took a substantial turn for the worse about 6-8 hours prior to its completion -LRB- early April of its TV showing -RRB- . I have watched all seasons of 24 and this is the worst one . It actually started well but it basically finished about 3/4 of the way through and then , inexplicably -LRB- actually not so inexplicable ; there were still 6 or so hours left -RRB- , went on some almost totally unrelated tangent . I am sure that the writers simply did not realize that they were running out of script , finished at around hour 18 and then asked themselves `` Now what ?! '' and sadly came up with another 6 episodes to throw on the TV . There is a weak relation between `` Chapters 1 and 2 '' and chapter 2 -LRB- what I consider the last quarter of the season -RRB- is hyperbolic , ludicrous , and just silly.I would recommend people either finish this season when the primary catastrophe is averted or simply not watch it at all . I know I will not watch next season . I 've had quite enough of 24 now , and apparently the writers have , too . Time to put this old horse down .
 I 'm a hardcore fan , but I was Immensely disappointed with this season . DO NOT waste your money on this garbage ! The price is fine as usual on Amazon , but it 's the product that sucks ! Staya away ! You have 5 other good seasons to see .
 I THINK KIEFER IS GREAT AS WELL AS ' 24 ' OF COURSE . I THINK THIS IS A GREAT SHOW UP UNTIL SEASON SIX SORRY TO SAY . THEY BETTER START DOING SOMETHING DIFFERENT OR THEY 'RE NOT GOING TO LAST . THE FIRST THING THEY SHOULD DO IS GET OUT OF CALIFORNIA . THE PLACE HAS NO CHARACTER . BEAUTIFUL ? YES . CHARACTER ? NO ! THEY SHOULD START FILMING IN NEW YORK OR CHICAGO . I 'M TELLING YOU THE TRUTH .
 Ordered this on Oct 26th and to date still have not received.Tryed emailing seller and received no response . Would not suggest purchasing from this seller
 What would I have wanted to know before I purchased the product ? Perhaps that I was never going to receive the product in the first place !!! Still no season 6 of 24 and no refund either . Seller does not reply.Will never use Amazon.com again . I learned my lesson.Joyce Harris
 Oy Vey . This season sucks . I mean , my God does this season suck . This is n't just my opinion , the writers of this season have gone on record calling this one the weakest of them all . Why ? The story . It 's bad.I 'd complain about the recycled plots , but everyone else is doing that , so I 'm going to complain about something else . This season rambles . Like an out of control train , it goes off the rails and crashes by the end . The plot , villain , and goals change at least five times . The first plot involves Abu Fayed , a terrorist who has five Russian Suitecase Nukes , and sets one of them off in LA. . The story is to get him ... for about five episodes . Then it turns out that Grahem Bower , Jacks ' brother , is Fayed 's boss and the goal is to now find out information from Grahem . Then Grahem dies , and the goal is again to get Fayed . Except Fayed is a red herring , and the real villain is a Russian general named Gredenko . Jack and CTU retrieve the nukes , only to be attacked by the Chinese -LRB- yes really , it 's as random as it sounds -RRB- . The Chinese attempt to steal this one computer chip from the suitcase nukes , and the goal of the plot is to now protect the chip . Then the Chinese goverment calls Jack , tells him they 've kidnapped Audrey , and to exchange the chip for her -LRB- I 'd tell them to keep Aurdrey -RRB- . So now the goal is to retrieve Audrey from China -LRB- remember when nuclear weapons were involved ? -RRB- . Then they get Audrey back , only to discover Jack 's mustache twirling villain of a father , Phillip has kidnapped Grahems interbred looking son Josh and is holding him hostage on an oil rig -LRB- Yes REALLY -RRB- . The goal of the story is to now save Josh , which is what ends the season.I 'm dead serious . Five villains . Six plots , stupid rambling crap . It all goes ` round in circles , and feels like a waste of time . Jack is irrelevant largely , he barely talks and since this was at the height of Kieffer 's drug usage , he 's practically a zombie . The new characters they introduce are either racist -LRB- Mike Doyle -RRB- , or boring -LRB- Nadia -RRB- . Nadia , oh God let me comment on Nadia.If you know anything about 24 , you know Muslims do n't get the best treatment , so it was decided to add a Muslim character to the cast . Nadia was that character ! And she was as dry and lifeless as the desert . Nadia worked at CTU doing ... something , it 's implied she has Bill 's job , except Bill is still at CTU . Anyways , Nadia does nothing . At all . She does n't add to the plot , she does n't have an interesting story , she does n't even give exposition ! Nadia contributed a love triangle , because God knows what 24 was missing was a love triangle . Why two men would fight over such a boring woman is never explained.Anyway , you 've got bad acting , dull characters , and a story that is so random , the producers decided to plan out all of Day 7 before it went into production . It 's a mess of a season . Avoid it and go on to the awesome Season 7 instead .
 24 Season Six is not as good as the other seasons . I guess the producers got lost on the track . I felt this one is more violent and senseless , and by the end I can tell they are thinking about Season Seven , but I do n't !
 BEWARE OF MULTIPLE SPOILERS ! I was looking forward to season 6 in order to see if the widely known dissappointment of fans was justified . For the first 4 discs -LRB- 16 episodes -RRB- I really thought fans were being too harsh even though the whole Bauer family history is preposterous and stupid . After finally watching the last 8 episodes I finally understood the anger
 Season 1 was very good , and Seasons 2-5 were solid gold thru-out -- the best contemporary television has to offer in drama , engrossing plot , characters you care about and truly unprecedented addictive powers -- and I give 5-stars to each of them . That said , Season 6 was so misconceived it hurt to watch.My theory is that the producers ' time/talent was unfortunately divided between Season 6 and prepping for the 24 feature movie , which was said to have completed script as early last summer . Also , CTU -- as cool as that setting is -- had probably out-lived its potential as a place for set up big chunks of story . It peaked in `` Day 5 '' with the incredible poison gas sequences.I fear the '07 Writers Guild strike might prove to be a death blow to 24 -- since `` Day 7 '' has been officially postponed to -LRB- probably -RRB- 2009 . I hope this changes , but to date , it seems clear we will not see `` Day 7 '' in 2008 . But if 24 `` Day 7 '' rebounds to its former standards , there 'll be no fan happier than I. -LRB- ... right now I am really resisting an urge to cave in and buy `` Day 6 '' , but ultimately I know better than to revisit that truly saddening disaster . I 'll put `` Day 3 '' on instead -RRB- .
 There are many things wrong with this season , the weak cast/characters being among them . You have to remember , one thing that made this show great the first 5 seasons is that although it was not completely realistic , it did have some sort of realism . All of that was destroyed in season 6 . *** REST OF REVIEW IS SPOILER *** Before season 6 came out , I was hoping they would n't be so stupid as to make Jack 's arrival from the prison camp occur during the same 24 hour period that he is supposed to be running around stopping terrorists . Jack should have needed weeks if not months to recover from almost 2 years or so in a chinese prison camp.When Buchanan first saw Jack come off of the helicopter , he told CTU `` he 's worse than I thought '' . Jack could barely speak . Within 2 hours he 's running around fine screaming at the top of his lungs . You also notice that Jack is in tremendous physical shape . What was this prison camp , the chinese fitness prison camp ? This terrible oversight was not within the standards of realism that 24 had established the first 5 seasons.Early in the season , a terrorist plunges a sharp object into the nerve bundles near Jack 's collar bone . 2 or 3 hours later , Jack is able to pull himself up with both arms and kick a terrorist out of a train window ; he does this without so much as a grimace . Again , this is far outside of the scope of realism that was established throughout the first 5 seasons of 24 . The actor who played Wayne Palmer did not develop into the role of President until near the midpoint of the season . For the first 8 or so episodes , he is by far the weakest president 24 had ever seen . He begins to seem more presidential as the season goes on . Buchanan is a bore in this season , as is Karen Hayes . The Nadia character , although very nice on the eyes , seems to suck the life out of every scene with her sub-mediocre acting combined with the sub-mediocre story-line supplied to her.My next point here could have been my only point and still have proven that this season was crapola . There is a scene in season 1 where one of David Palmer 's aides has to fool Alexis Drazen in the hotel room . The EXACT same situation was redone with even similar dialogue towards the end of season 6 . That is truly pathetic . 24 sometimes reuses similar storylines , but makes it different enough to be passable ; not this time.Just before I was ready to finish this post , I remembered something else . Graham Bauer says that Terri Bauer died 7 years ago , yet , if you follow the 24 timeline , many years more than 7 have passed between season 's 1 and 6 ; more awful writing.You have to understand , this show was a certain amount real from seasons 1-5 . Once a show establishes a realm of reality , it needs to stay consistent within itself . 24 unfortunately fails to do this in season 6 . If you are not familiar with the show , you may love this season . There is a block of some great episodes around the time that Logan appears.If you 're new to 24 , watch seasons 1-8 , but exclude this season . It is useless in regards to the series ' storyline .
 I love 24 , but season 6 is my least favorite . There were so many parts of this story , and characters that I did not enjoy . So glad the other seasons did not make me feel this way .
 The first season of 24 was very manipulative , but that manipulation was so skillful that the viewer did n't mind . I had never before watched a TV show that got me as emotionally worked up , waiting for the next episode to continue the story.Whereas season one strained credibility , season six took credibility out in the alley , beat it senseless , and then shot it in the head -- which sounds like something Jack Bauer would do.For me the show started to become almost laughably bad by the second half of the season . I felt that the characters had become cartoons , fumbling their way through ridiculously contrived new plot developments to fill out 24 shows.My friend still wants to see this season against my advice . I will give him my broadcast TV recordings of season six to watch , but I do n't believe the DVD set is worthy of a purchase . I give two stars because there are isolated parts of the show that are satisfying . Unfortunately the plot was unable to integrate those occasional good pieces into a coherent whole .
 I bought the Six Season , and painfully made it through it . I know , why watch it ? Because I have been watching it from the beginning and had hope that it would get better . Some of the stuff is getting old ... always having a traitor or accused traitor inside CTU , interrogations are always the same , and stuff that is just not believable and way too much backstabbing . And that little grunt noise that Sutherland does , is that part of his character or just him ?
 WHAT A WASTE ! It 's the same scenerio ... thank you Jack for saving the world a-g-a-i-n -LRB- moan -RRB- . It 's worth renting , and I wish I would have . The only thing I thought this season would be good for would be some sort of drinking game . One shot every time you hear `` Jack Bauer . '' Sigh . Those college days ... I 'm dissapointed , but what can ya do ?
 I received my season 6 in loosly wrapped plastic paper . I am not pleased that a box was NOT RECEIVED . I am a collector of the 24 series and will NOT use this company again.John B. Mason III
 I have been watching `` 24 '' on dvd for a couple of years now . I never did see it `` first run '' on fox ? I truly enjoyed seasons one through five ... I would have difficulty in narrowing down my FAVORITE season ?? BUT ... Season Six ??? WHAT HAPPENED ?? I had a tough time getting through it ? Not enough Jack ?? -LRB- where was he ? -RRB- The plot `` turns ' just not interesting ... found myself -LRB- sadly -RRB- falling asleep ... no matter , I still LOVE `` 24 '' ... and Jack ... I am looking forward to season 7 ... there 's no way it could be as dissapointing as this !
 24 fans -LRB- like myself -RRB- will watch Season 6 , for better or for worse , just for the heck of it . For newbies , I recommend Seasons 1-3 . They remain , the outstanding seasons of the series . Season 7 sounds like it might be better . I hope so , since the word on the street is that there were major rewrites . Looking forward to it .
 *** SPOILER WARNING *** Overall , this season of `` 24 '' was a huge disappointment . Of course the special effects and stunts were still great , but that is not why I have watched `` 24 '' . I watch `` 24 '' for the plot and for Jack to get the bad guys . On both counts , this season left me empty.I 'd classify the problems with this season into plot cogency and world view . In terms of plot cogency , the holes in the plot were just too many and too stark to not undermine enjoyment of the whole season . Of course , you have to suspend disbelief when watching a show like `` 24 '' , but only to a point . Just as a good illusionist uses artifice to divert attention so one can enjoy the trick , the writers of `` 24 '' should have taken more care to make the necessary artificial plot elements less salient . One example was very early in the day when Jack manages to escape from the torture/death chamber of Fayed . This chamber is somewhere in Southern California , and Jack knows this . After he gets out of that building complex , he breaks into a car and calls Bill at CTU . At this point , Jack knows rather precisely the likely location of Fayed -LRB- i.e. , in proximity to where Jack is at that moment , which he would either recognize from landmarks or would be identifiable via any number of other methods , e.g. , cellphone signal -RRB- . But instead , Jack and Bill act like there is no useful information as to where Fayed is and say as much . Much of the plot that follows concerns desparate attempts to get some information , any information , on where Fayed might be . This was risible , and a huge mistake in the writing . A second huge plot gaff was that anyone , Jack included , would be able to manage a `` day '' after 2 years of cruel imprisonment , torture , and deprivation , which would have clearly broken his body utterly as well as his mind . Just think of having the Americans who were imprisoned by the Iranians for 444 days run a half-marathon on the day they were released , or having John McCain swim a mile immediately after his P.O.W. experience came to an end.In terms of world view , what can I say , I think the writers of `` 24 '' indulged in an absolutely ridiculous New York Times/Obama fantasy in which Muslims can be brought to the `` negotiation table '' . Anyone who understands anything about jihad knows that this is an oxymoron
 Just finished watching season 6 on DVD . -LRB- I live in Europe and it has been out a few weeks already -RRB- Dumbest ideas ever in 24 . Fox should definetely fire the writers ! There got to be more qualified people out there?Don ` t buy it . Rather buy season 5 -LRB- which was great -RRB-
 I was so dissappointed when i notice that there were two disc missing from this package . Maybe it was an oversight on my part . but the seller should have put this in big bold letters that they did not have all of the discs to season six !!! Now i have to either return the package -LRB- which is a cost to me -RRB- and/or buy another set of season six . Buyers be ware !
 Disc 2 was damaged and we were unable to watch parts of the movie . The seller disclosed there were scratches but that they did n't impair being able to watch the DVD .
 24 is awesome . Buy season six anywhere but on amazon unless you want to spend twice as much as you need to .
 I have gotten each season of 24 for CHRISTmas the last few years , but this year will be different . As others have stated , season five was just about the best of 24 's previous 5 seasons . With high hopes abound , season six was a huge disappointment for several reasons . Jack as a badarse just is n't believable anymore . Sutherland has never been buff daddy but its like he went on nutrisystem for this season . Alright ... alright ... I know he was in a Chinese prison , so maybe he did it for the role , but I just do n't believe or by in to him being a bad dude anymore . Thats a small thing for me , but still a factor . Secondly ; almost all the characters that we loved and cared about are gone with the exception of Rush Limbaugh 's secret love Chloe . She 's the only one left , and the new characters do n't grip you enough to care about them . Then on top of that Jack kills his only real friend left in the world to help a terrorist ! That is just too much ! Story lines were often slow moving and frankly boring . I dvr the show because I work third shift , and I found myself skipping thru much of the show . I 'd say over half the show is just boring chatter that does n't grip you at all . Now we have Jack 's Dad as a traitor ? Geeze ... what 's next his Mother will be a secret terrorist or agent and not really dead ? This is getting old stupid and boring writers . Is Vince Flynn still writing for the show ? If so then please ditch him , if not then please bring him back ASAP ! He 's my favorite writer and I own all his books , so I ca n't imagine him writing for this crappy arse season . There simply were n't enough of Jack being Jack and all the folks I care about are gone . I ca n't believe season 7 will be any better , but I hope they go out in style . I wo n't pick up this season , until I can buy it cheap . It 's not worth the full price at the moment . This season was so under the bar that this dvd set wo n't be under my Christmas tree this season .
 OK we get it . LA is the only place terrorists care about , blah blah blah , The twists are mostly predictable , the good characters remain good but the others are getting hard to take . The suspension of disbelief necessary here is almost off the charts - even for this show . Like for example , Jack would be the last person ever to keep any security clearance given his ... connections . That is all that I will say . Season 7 better be very good or its time to move on.Or , as my son said , a `` disgusting waste of my life . ''
 How bored and disappointed was I with Season 6 ??? So much so that I did n't watch the season finale . I 've been an avid fan of 24 since season 1 . I even went out of my way to spread the good news of Jack Bauer to friends and family . Only to be embarrased by this season . I really do hope that next season is better . But I agree with one of the other comments . Everyone that Jack relied on are basically dead , except for annoying Chloe.And WHAT was the deal with bringing the Logans back ??? Is Charles dead , did she get put into a mental institution , did Aaron go back to work for the president ??? What happened with the people that were exposed to the radiation ??? All I can honestly say is that I hope that Season 7 is good and Season 8 should be kick a ** and should DEFINITELY be the last season .
 First , like many of you , I 've been a big fan of 24 for a long time . Days 1 and 2 were some of the greatest tv seasons ever , and even on day 5 killing so many important characters the writers of 24 found a way to continue with the show . But now without Tony and just almost nothing to make new , the show has gone old . Please kill Bauer , so we remember only the good days !
 This will be the first season not worth buying on DVD . Ultimately it makes me very unhappy to have to break a set , but there was n't much redeeming about day 6 of 24 . They started way too big and just could n't maintain . Now it sounds like day 7 production is off to a poor start . I do n't know maybe this wonderful series just ends at day 5 . In any event it was a wonderful ride ...
 Every year I buy 24 on DVD . I was hooked instantly by the first season , as many others were hooked . Season 2 was good as well but during seasons 3 and 4 , I had to constantly convince myself to take the series as entertainment only and overlook some of re-ocurring plot twists that drive the show . Season 5 was one of the better ones with the elimination of some very key chracters from years passed and a stunning plot twist.But Season 6 dipped the series back to mediocrity as I found myself convincing my brain to again accept the retreaded incidents that the writers use to push the story along and try to keep viewers engaged . -LRB- WARNING
 Season Six revealed the artifice of `` 24 '' and the show may never recover . The spell may have been broken , through a fragmented plot and unbelievable -LRB- even for artifice -RRB- developments . I knew there was trouble brewing from the beginning , when Jack recovered from bearded , beaten , and malnourished to quickly give himself a great haircut . In the true `` 24 , '' the reality of how he got from Point A to Point B would have been the basis for an interesting series of events . Through much of this season , it seemed like an outtake reel of a number of different seasons strung together in hopes it would make sense . It never really did . If Season 7 does n't recapture the grit of minute-by-minute , excruciating action and tension , the jig may be up for `` 24 . ''
 24 is one of the best tv series out there . i would guarantee it to people who like action packed series . theres a lot of action scnes and explotion , and the girls are sexy to . kiefer sutherland is one of the best actors on tv right now , my friend kelly loves him but keeps pronouncing her name as kipper sutherland . WTF ! -LRB- what the friday ! -RRB- : -RRB-
 This season of 24 started out very strongly with suspense at every turn . By a little past mid-season the writing -LRB- and many of the performances -RRB- completely fell apart .
 This season was such a disappointment .1 . Why is Wayne Palmer the President of the United States ? It does not compute , makes ZERO sense , and was a stupid move . Wayne was not even a compelling character - watching him during his coma scenes was hardly different than when he was `` on the job '' as President . The best part of Wayne 's Presidency was his evil Vice President Noah . He was awesome ! 2 . What ever happened to Charles Logan ? Did Martha kill him ? Did he survive ? Will he be back ? 3 . Who thought it was a good idea to kill Tony ? With Tony 's supposed death , a big part of why I love 24 died . I know that Tony may NOT be dead , since he did n't get the Silent Clock at the end of the episode ... please , let it be so .4 . Why did Jack have to KILL Curtis ? Are you telling me that he could n't have just shot him in the arm or in the thigh ? 5 . The entire twisted plot with Jack 's family was bizarre and unsatisfying.I admit , I spent most of the season reading Dave Barry 's real-time 24 blog while the show was on . It was much more interesting and exciting . I think the blog readers should write the next season . Something happened after the first four hours - which were , by the way , excellent - I could suspend my disbelief at Jack 's superb physical condition after being in a Chinese prison . It seemed like the writers ran out of creative energy after hour four.Here 's hoping season seven is an improvement . I have heard some rumors about certain characters returning , and I hope they 're true - otherwise , 24 will definitely have jumped the shark for me .
 The end of season five hinted that Jack would have to bust his way out of China . After a season that topped all others , and after a presidential betrayal , where else could they go , but someplace completely new?Instead they decided to play it cheap production-wise and simply resorted to tricks for tricks sake . It seemed like every two weeks , they trotted out a new -LRB- old -RRB- story line , hoping something would click , and when it did n't they killed some characters . A lot of the storylines went nowhere and were soon forgotten like so many Mexican drug cartels . This show is over . The shark has been jumped , but not before being tortured tooth by tooth for 24 toothless episodes .
 Season 5 was by most accounts a pretty great season of 24 . I 'm not sure I personally agree it was the show 's best , because it was in season 5 where the show began to revisit a few old themes and feel a little slow in the middle of the season . By and large though , there were enough interesting storylines and great acting to make up for whatever faults it might have had.Season 6 , however , is another story altogether . By the time Season 6 began , the show had a reached a point where it was suffering from `` overkill . '' Other than Jack himself -LRB- and Chloe -RRB- , most of the most popular characters -LRB- David Palmer , Tony Almeida , Michelle Dessler , Nina Myers , etc. -RRB- had already been killed off . One of the things that had made 24 great was that the show was willing to do away with anyone at anytime . It made the show unpredictable and rivoting . However , introducing new characters with no real ties to Jack does n't have quite the same impact . Sure , Bill Buchanon is an all-right guy , but we all know he 's just going to die anyway . Does anyone really care anymore ? He 's just another body in a large count at this point.This is one major problem the show faced at the beginning of season six . Nonetheless , the show had a lot of promise in the beginning . Jack -LRB- Kiefer Sutherland , still brilliant albeit not given the chance to shine as much this season due to weak material -RRB- had just been released by the Chinese and seemed beaten down and unable to be the hero he 'd always been . By the end of the show 's fourth hour , The United States faces a horrid attack that bring Bauer out of this weakened state . Unfortunately , it also marks the point where this season begins to suck.The new Jack was n't the heroic powerhouse the old Jack had been , but this was an interesting character development . Soon enough , Jack is just the same old Jack doing the same old things we 've always seen him do . Old Plotlines are repeated throughout the season including trying to remove the President from power , a mole in CTU who is n't really a mole , etc. . All of these ideas were great the first time we saw them , but it 's just getting old at this point . One of the greatest things about 24 was its ability to reinvent itself each season , but it just is n't enough of a reinvention anymore . And when we are offered new things -LRB- such as an introduction to the rest of the Bauer clan -RRB- , it just comes off lame.By the middle of the season , I was actually falling asleep in the middle of 24 episodes . That 's never a good sign . Fans urged me to keep my head up , assuring me there would be a twist coming that would make all the weak episodes worth while . Well ... that amazing twist never came . The show is coming back for a seventh season , but I just think this is a show that would have been better served to quit while it was ahead . Anyway , as much as people might hate me for saying so , I think this is a good season to skip altogether . The show 's legacy will really be judged by its first five great seasons , and it 's at that point now that some shows get to -LRB- The X-Files , for instance -RRB- where the best is over but they continue onward nonetheless . At least I still have LOST .
 I own all 1-5 seasons and love all of them very dearly . Obviously , I could n't wait to own the 6th season . Sigh ... Whoever wrote this season did a very very bad job . I could predict everything , every line , who was guilty , who will do this and that . Also , lines were so cheesy that I could not believe ! Usually , I watch this show for 24 hours without sleeping because I ca n't wait to see what happened after . But 6th season took me over a week to finish because it bored me so much . I only finished it just for the sake of finishing it . I do n't know if I should wait for the 7th season now . Very disappointed . But I 'll recommend the previous 5 seasons to everyone . Just do n't buy the 6th season . Not worth it .
 First off
 This season of 24 left me changing my mind every other week a new episode aired . The 1st 4 episodes ok . They had the right amount of action with a mixture of suspense . Only 2 problems with them .1 -RRB- The whole thing where Jack was going to sacrifice himself
 Is this important ? I 've got a lot on my plate right now . I 'm going to suggest to CTU , homeland security and the secret service to ban inter departmental relationships - they just do n't work . Oooh the evil arch enemy brother - so shakespearian . What a twist to have someone on the white house staff wearing a black hat and working against the president . Did not see that coming . Someone needs to introduce JB to the variable speed drill . We now have different settings available to us to apply to different situations . Similarly today 's actor does n't have to be either calm or screaming - he/she can use degrees of emotion . The season is worth watching just for the delivery of the image enhancement scene `` borrowed '' from `` no way out '' . Sure dad you can pick thru your sons belongings at CTU unsupervised-heck leads shmeads we 'll even turn off the cameras so we wo n't see you erasing phone numbers . What 's up with the Palmer presidencies ? They both somehow manage to select a cabinet that is diametrically opposed to their own politics and philosophies . How the hell does CTU pull up the plans for any given house in LA ? Is this the Matrix ? What happened to the nuclear fallout in Valencia ? For a guy who just spent 2 years in a Chinese prison to repeat another assault on a foreign consulate during his first few hours back on home soil is a wee bit far fetched , but the fact that he could , immediately after torturing the console , convince a soviet lackey to do his bidding is a complete sham . Rickey Shroder 's mini jack does n't exactly inspire , but it 's good to see everyone still questioning chain of command at CTU . Fun to see Rick the only assault team member on the front lines without a helmet . The Deadwood VP runs his office like a wild west saloon . The latest in an absurd series of characters hell bent on taking over the highest office in the land . Why no black hat to help out the poor viewer to decide if we should support his efforts . Hey we 're down to our last lead so lets proceed with as small a team as possible - perimeter be damned . He cut off his arm ! We 'll it 's been a few seasons since we had to cut off an arm . Does anyone screw up a surveillance detail like CTU ? Did you see the memo on tunnels ? I ` llll go ahead and see that you get one . Devane 's reaction to JB is off the wall-again with the black hat . The Ruskies threaten a declaration of war over bungled espionage that they largely initiated ? Seriously . Is CTU the easiest federal installation to infiltrate or what ? The rent a cop guards might as well have big red targets painted on them . Nice sting on the Rusky spy . Let 's use a complete neophyte and then set up 3 flights down in a truck . CTU should have a work station designated just for folks taking over command and and/or analyzing in-house screw ups . Did Ricky just say `` damn it '' ? Spring for a few more takes next time since that one lacked any conviction . The old bomb in the circuit board trick . JB the first secret agent ever unable to puncture an inflatable boat with a bullet . Since when ca n't you call off an air strike ? Heck they pulled it off in the Rock . Proceed with extreme caution .
 Let 's review
 I have watched 24 since its debut . It was at the time , the best show on TV . Perfect mix of action , suspense , emotion , with a new real-time format.All seasons have been high-quality , except for Season 4 , but I wo n't get into those details now . The problems I see with 24 in Season 6 are :1 . The show has become increasingly violent . Torture is used often , with fingers being cut as easily as blinking an eye .2 . The show is fostering the `` us against them mentality '' . But now it 's not just against Arabs , but also the Chinese , and the Russians . And the answer ? Let 's just nuke them . So with this approach , we can nuke half the world , and torture the other half . We will live happily ever after embracing our nukes until the radiation fallout from all the bombs we 've used reaches us .3 . Because torture and/or gore is so prevalent in the show , there is no element of surprise . For example , when Jack is looking for Gredenko , and CTU is still receiving a signal even though Jack ca n't find him ; I knew he had cut off his arm ; and left it behind .4 . Jack has become a character devoid of humanity . A torture provider . I think this is not only the result of having him use torture so often , but also the fact that all the characters who gave him his personal side are gone . I did not buy his story with Marylin . He just does n't seem capable of loving anyone anymore .5 . With the exception of a few characters like Bill Buchanan , and Karen Hayes , everyone feels like a caricature . Doyle seems to have been brought in as Jack 's replacement if Sutherland quits the show .6 . Chloe is as annoying as ever , but when the show was good , she was bearable , now she 's just another negative . Same for her boyfriend Morris .7 . Milo is not credible in the role , and his involvement with Nadia , and their kiss in the middle of the nuclear bomb crisis and in the office , was just ridiculous .8 . How many times are they going to recycle the same ideas ? Can we have some originality?In any case , this is it for me . No more 24 . Sad evolution for a show that from a scale of 1 to 10 was really a `` 24 '' .
 It pains me to trash this show on Amazon , because seasons 1,2 , and 5 are truly great . This season feels like a made for basic cable action show that would air every Sunday at 2 AM . Every plot device , formula , etc. , is recycled here from the other seasons , almost to the point where they feel literally cut and pasted .
 I just finished watching season 6 and I 'm so disappointed by what used to be one of my favourite shows ! I 'd give 4-5 stars for episodes 1-10 , 3 stars for 11-18 and 0 stars for 19-24 . But since the end is very important , I only gave one star.The plot seems so confused , it does not seem right . A good point to end the season would have been approx . episode 18 , where the major opponents had been eliminated . But no - the season carried on ... I started to wonder.Amazon.com shows `` 2001 '' as production date . Is it possible that most of season 6 was produced in 2001 and then - maybe in the light of 9/11 - the season was put on hold and later reinvented ? Was Wayne Palmer added later to create a bridge to season 5 ? Since he spent most of the season in a coma I would not be surprised ; - -RRB- To me it seems like episode 18 was meant to be the end . And then some one started to cut out stuff in order to get some space to air it after season 5 . Some strange plot twists were added , namely Jack 's evil brother and father . Initially the Arabs were attacking , but then it was the Russians , then the Chinese and almost again the Russians , and Jack 's father helped them all . The White House was conspiring too . It 's as if they found it hard to pick an enemy and so chose to combine them all . 4 major enemies in one day ? Watching this did not feel like 24 hours but 24 days ... It 's the first time that 24 really bored me . I hope they do a better job on season 7 .
 THIS NEVER ARRIVED . I HAVE CONTACTED THE SELLER BUT ALL HE WOULD SAY WAS THAT IT WAS SENT . HE NEVER TRIED TO MAKE IT RIGHT .
 Season 6 is no doubt the worst of the six . At season 4 it was already clear that the producers are unable to acquire good acting talent and Sutherland 's suffering from nepotism increases with each season . The plot could have been made realistic were it not for Sutherland 's invincibility , awful playscript and poor acting performance . The script needs an extreme makeover in terms of vocabulary and whitty lines to prevent viewers like me going braindead having to listen to it.A `` C '' rated series with no depth and a producer and actor that clearly seems full of himself and it .
 Watch seasons 2-5 and you have an incredible portrayal of the man and the community that surrounds him . And you have great plot -LRB- with the dumb `` override '' section of season 4 a sorry exception -RRB- . Maybe there was nowhere to go after season 5 but down . Season 6 so far takes the hoakiness to a new level . The new CTU characters are more unlikable than ever , even O'Brian 's makeover seems to have really distorted her character . And Morris ? Why should I care if he drinks or not ? The potential of Karen Hayes to become a full-fledged character - as Michelle or the other female CTU head did - has so far been shelved and she now plays a one-dimensional 2nd fiddle to Peter McNichol 's patented grimaces and ticks . Nadia and her boyfriend are absolutely sickening to watch . The scene of them making out in CTU was the most insulting and shallow moment I 've ever seen on the show!Mr . Sutherland has expressed concerns abou the freshness of the show . We 've seen so many of these plot elements before ! Nuclear threat , presidential threat , CTU tortures its own , Jack tortures an always-guilty suspect . Oh God , PLEASE do n't let Kim appear again in another `` Perils of Pauline '' subplot!There is no change in the tone . It 's all at `` 11 '' all the time . That 's fine for Casino Royale , but not for a series.The few plusses I can think of
 If season 7 is as dramatic a departure for the show as the producers claim it will be , you should be able to pass over this train wreck of a season altogether . I recommend doing so . It is painful in every conceivable way . The sole highlight is an episode guest starring the fantastic Jean Smart as the former First Lady .
 I have been one of the biggest fans of 24 . Due to that perhaps my expectations were raised because I loved all 5 seasons . But I have to say that season 6 was disappointing and did not offer the same level of grip to the plot and the show . Prior to watching Season 6 , I used to wish that the episodes just keep on going and not end , where as in this season I lost that spirit.I hope that in season 7 they recover . I am still gon na watch season 7 , and i sincerely hope this legacy show recovers itself and brings the same level of entertainment like it did before .
 I entirely agree with those reviewers who think season 6 was awful . Having said that , I actually thought the season had gotten off to a promising start ... too bad it went off the rails so quickly . For me , the major drawing point of the show has always been -LRB- Sutherland 's brilliant portrayal of -RRB- the character of Jack Bauer . Here we have -LRB- or had , anyway -RRB- a finely nuanced take on the classic tragic hero figure . What made Bauer such a compelling character in previous seasons was that he was always presented as the only person who could get the job done , the guy to whom all the really hard choices would invariably fall . For example , decisions about whether to resort to the extremity of torture.Whatever your ethical and political views about the legitimacy of torture as a means of extracting information in the real world , I think most of you would agree that , in the past anyway , 24 's depiction of this was always very earnest , if not quite sophisticated . -LRB- Lengthy philosophical discussions about rights vs. utility vis a vis torture would likely not make for very good ratings . -RRB- With season 6 , unfortunately , this earnestness has virtually disappeared.Part of what was so fascinating about Jack Bauer was that the guy was nearly always the one who ended up having to do the `` interrogating . '' You could n't help but wonder what his continually having to commit these horrific acts might be doing to him on the inside ; and to my mind , this is really where Kiefer Sutherland 's acting chops shone through . In fact , we were given a glimpse into Bauer 's damaged mental interior when , early on in season 6 , he watches in horror as Hamri Al-Assad tortures the guy who betrayed him to Fayed . He says `` I do n't know how to do this anymore ... '' or something to that effect.I was really hoping that this scene would be the start of a much more personal , self-probing psychological look at Jack Bauer as he begins to confront his inner demons . Obviously , the writers had other things in mind . In hardly any time , Bauer 's back in form , torturing and killing left and right . But this is a different Bauer from the one we 've seen in previous seasons
 This was easily the worst day of 24 ever . The first 4 hours were great -LRB- which is why it gets 2 stars and not 1 -RRB- and the rest of the day seemed to drag on with no real plot devlopment and storylines just being in there for the sake of being there . Another major problem was the lack of great actors that were previously on the show to replaced with hacks such as - Nadia , Doyle , New Palmer -LRB- and his sister who is super annoying -RRB- . The only good actors this season are Jack , Buchanon , and V.P. Daniels -LRB- Powers Booth from Sin City and Deadwood -RRB- . Even if you are a diehard 24 fan skip this season as it is a complete waste . At best watch it for free - it would be a shame to waste money on it .
 If you have never seen a season of 24 , then maybe you 'd like Season Six much more than I did . I 've seen much of the story line before , and what is new , I wish I had n't seen . Did anyone really need a love interest for Cloe ? Can you say zero chemistry ? The characters are weak , -LRB- Jack 's dad and brother - really ???? Whatever . -RRB- It was rarely suspensful - felt like we 've been there before - oh wait , Jack escaping , shooting a good guy to help a bad guy and nuke explosion . Yup , been there .
 Man , things were going great for the most violent prime time TV show ever -LRB- less the killing of Curtis - one of those moments where clearly the writers simply wants to shock the audience or need to get rid of the actor for some reason -RRB- . Things went downhill -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- after the Fayed plot was solved . By `` downhill '' I do n't mean disater , because a show of this magnitude , where each episode has so many differnt scenarios , shot on locatiosns cenes , special effects , etc , rarely is mediocre . You get the feel that the everyone involved is giving their best.What I mean by downhil is the above mentioned people -LRB- cast , producers , technical guys , writers -RRB- giving their best for a flawed premise . The Chinese / Russian plot was so farfetched , so forced , so unplausible . After all , the advantage of obtaining some secret technologie about your enemy is useful since he does not know that you possess his defense technology ! Also , to see Audrey Raines appears only briefly and as a `` zombie '' was a bad call.Well , that 's it . Anyway , I think the show still did not jump the shark , but this will happen soon .
 This was an incredibly maddening season - it just seemed to go from one preposterous weakness to another . It STARTED with a nuclear explosion on American soil . Where do you go from there ? By the middle of the season -LRB- 12 hours into the story -RRB- everyone seems to have forgotten that we had just suffered a nuclear holocaust ! The former president is stabbed by his nutty ex-wife and then ... nothing ! He , his ex and former Secret Service agent Aaron just disappear . This happens to characters throughout the season . All this may be explained by the fact that the writers publicly admitted that they had no bible - no pre-planned story arc . They were making it up as they went along ! This is NOT storytelling ; it is the video equivalent of a child attempting to convey a story and continually saying `` and then . . and then ... and then . '' This series gets one more chance with me . If it does n't show me something next season , that 's it .
 This is a review of the show itself and does not suggest anything about the quality of the DVD package or special features contained within this set.Season 6 of 24 started out and seemed to be a very promising season at first . After 4-5 episodes that were very close to the magic captured in earlier seasons the dialog , characters and plotlines spiraled out of control . Old dead plotlines were rehashed for no apparent reason and no real effect on the story . New characters were introduced with the sole reason of replacing old characters . They were so bad we begged for their death , begged for Tony to come back . The same plotlines were introduced from every season previously -LRB- CTU HAS A MOLE ! JACK IS OUT OF CONTROL ! HE 'S GONE ROGUE ! -RRB- . I faithfully tuned in every week to watch the train wreck . Having invested hours and dollars into the previous five seasons I just could n't give up no matter how awful it was . Surely the season would finish with a bang ? Surely it would redeem itself as the clock ticked down ??? The final episode might have been the most disappointing of all . The main plot ends approximately halfway through the final episode in a complete anti-climax of grandly apathetic proportions . The last half of the episode features various characters grimly reflecting on just how bad their day was and just how tortured Jack 's soul must be after six very very long days ! And to cap it all off we dig up another old plotline and toss Jack into it just so he can show how tortured he is , in case we did n't get it already . The episode ends like a Christian Rock Band music video , Jack soulfully staring off into the sunset , eyes filled with sadness and pain ... but yet , a glimmer of hope.Because Jack knows that season 7 is coming . And Jack knows that me , being the sucker I am will probably watch it , partially in hopes the show will redeem itself and partially to continue watching the train wreck . HOWEVER . One thing I will not do is buy another season of 24 on DVD . My collection stands at 5 and stays at 5 , and Season 6 will never be cheap enough to warrant a purchase .
 Most of the other reviews here have captured the disappointment of 24 fans . I was , and suppose am still , the kind of fan that forbade anyone to call or interupt me while watching the show . I wanted to be swept up in it and often was . Even though some elements of the show repeated themselves over the seasons , it was still done in a fresh and suspenseful way . The sixth season ? It became almost a parody of itself . Too many torture scenes , too much patriotic rhetoric pounded over our heads as justificition for what was happening , too little interpersonal interaction . One of the reasons Season 5 was so good was that we got to see more sides of characters like Buchanan , or the arc Karen Hayes had , or the complex relationships between the Logans . I wo n't beat a dead horse with more critique , but here 's to hoping season 7 will bring back the edge of your seat excitement we all love about the show ...
 This is , by popular opinion , the worst season of 24 . The season moves way too slowly , they tried to fit way too much into the season , the plot is basically just a bunch of recycled plot lines from previous seasons , and Wayne Palmer is President . Now , when I say this is the worst season , I just mean it is the worst season of 24 , which is not just my favorite show , it is one of the greatest things mankind has ever been blessed with . This season is not terrible , by any means . It 's just the weakest season in its series . This season still kept me entertained , and I was on the edge of my seat for parts of the season . I also thought this season had one of the best openings , and one of the best endings in the whole series.At the end of the previous season , Jack was kidnapped by the Chinese and put on a freighter bound for China . In my opinion , this season should have picked up right where season five ended . The season could have taken place in China . It could have involved Jack 's friends trying to rescue him . It could have had Jack being tortured for information . The season could have centered around Jack 's attempts to escape and/or cope with his environment . It could have been a very different season than all the ones previous . Instead , the season is set almost two years after the events of season five . The country in under attack by terrorist leader Hamri Al-Assad . They are being hit by suicide bombings . Abu Fayed , a former associate of Assad , has agreed to give the government Assad 's location in exchange for Jack Bauer . Years ago , Fayed 's brother was tortured to death by Jack . Fayed wants revenge . So President Palmer -LRB- Wayne , not David , unfortunately -RRB- makes some deals with the Chinese government to hand over Jack . Jack agrees to this , because he wants to die for something , as opposed to dying for nothing in a Chinese prison . CTU hands Jack over to Fayed , who begins to torture him . While he is torturing Jack , Fayed gloats that it is he , not Assad who is responsible for the attacks . Jack breaks free -LRB- after biting some guy 's neck -RRB- and saves Assad from being killed in an air strike by the U.S. military . Jack gets the president to offer Assad a deal , a pardon in exchange for help stopping the attacks . Assad agrees , but this angers Curtis . Jack finds out that years ago , when Curtis was working in special forces , Assad beheaded two of his men . Curtis still holds a grudge against Assad . When Curtis tries to kill Assad , Jack is forced to kill Curtis . Devastated by what he was just forced to do , Jack calls CTU and tells them that he can no longer work for them . Earlier that morning , Jack discovered that Fayed is constructing a nuclear bomb . A CTU field team is closing in on the bomb , thanks to some information provided by Jack . The team storms the garage the terrorists are holed up in , but the terrorists manage to set off the device . A nuclear bomb is detonated in Valencia , a small town outside L.A. See what happened there ? Jack quit CTU for five minutes , and terrorists were able to set off a nuclear bomb . CTU then discovers that the terrorists have four more of those bombs.So far the season has been pretty good . Unfortunately , it now starts to gradually go downhill . Now that a bomb has been set off , Jack decides he wants to get back in the game . So what was the point of killing off Curtis ? All it did was provide five minutes of drama . Jack said he was out , but now he 's right back in again . Anyway , Jack discovers that the bombs were stolen from a company run by his father Philip , and brother Graem . Graem tries to have Jack and Philip killed to cover his tracks . He is unsuccessful , and is tortured by Jack . When it looks like Graem might talk , Philip kills Graem . It looks like he is also evil . Then follows a completely convoluted thing in which Philip kidnaps Josh , Graem 's son , in exchange for Jack . He says he is going to kill Jack , but when Jack has his back turned , he disappears . He leaves a phone number for Jack to call . Jack finds himself talking to former President Charles Logan , who is under house arrest . This could have been good . Unfortunately , they do n't do anything with it . A few episodes later , Logan is stabbed in the shoulder by Martha , his ex-wife . He is rushed to the hospital , and starts to flatline . To this day , we do n't know what happened to Logan -LRB- although it is rumored that he might return in season 8 -RRB- . Bringing him into the story was completely unnecessary . He did n't do anything , except when they sent him into the Russian consulate to talk to that guy from Return of the King . But it did n't have to be him who did that , it could have been anyone . You do n't bring a major character into the story just to turn around and cut them back out . Meanwhile , Assad and Palmer have decided to start peace talks . Assad wants to try to negotiate his differences with America , and stop the violence he himself was once a part of . Unfortunately , a group of government officials try to kill President Palmer . They think he is a weak president whose leadership will only hurt the country . Assad is killed by the bomb , and Palmer is badly injured . Why did they bring Assad in if they were just going to kill him off ? What was the point of introducing his character if they were n't going to do anything with him ? With Palmer incapacitated , Vice President Noah Daniels takes over the presidency . And this guy is an idiot . Obviously , they were trying to put another moron in charge of things , to make it more difficult for Jack . But Daniels is such and idiot that he is just not realistic . People in previous seasons , like Ryan Chapelle , were realistic . They wanted to do things their way , which would have gotten someone killed . But there is always some kind of rationale behind their decisions . Daniels is just an idiot . He looks at any given situation , and always chooses the least intelligent option . After this , and after a couple of slow-moving episodes , Jack and CTU finally locate the bombs . Jack has a dramatic confrontation with Fayed , and hangs him from the ceiling . Jack then recieves a call from Cheng Zhi , the Chinese agent who oversaw his torture for the last two years . Cheng wants Jack to obtain a circuit board for him . The circuit board contains information about the Russian military . Cheng tells Jack that he has Audrey Raines , who is still alive . Earlier that day , Jack was informed that Audrey had died in a car accident in China . She was in China because she was looking for him . Now , it is made clear that she has been in Chinese custody the whole time . Cheng orders Jack to get the circuit board for him . If Jack refuses , she will die.Up until now , the season has been slowly going downhill . At this point , it tanks . Jack gets Audrey back , but Cheng escapes with the circuit board . Jack finds that Audrey has been severely traumatized through drugs that the Chinese gave her . She appears to have gone insane . Her father shows up and blames Jack for what happened to her . He says he does n't want Jack anywhere near her , and files a restraining order . The rest of the season has Jack and CTU trying to get the circuit board back . The whole thing culminates in a showdown at an oil rig . Cheng has been working with Jack 's dad Philip -LRB- who disappeared but now has suddenly been brought back into the story -RRB- . He has once again kidnapped Josh -LRB- a Chinese commando team invaded CTU and lost most of the team just to kidnap him -RRB- because he is going back to China and wants to take Josh with him . He has , as he sees it , lost both of his sons . He can now start over with his grandson . That has got to be the worst motivation for a villain I 've ever heard in my life . The Russians have threatened to start a war if the circuit board is not recovered or destroyed . The Vice President orders an air strike on the oil rig in attempt to destroy the circuit board . Jack and Bill decide to try to rescue Josh before the airstrike can be carried out . They succeed , and manage to capture Cheng as well . As soon as they are clear , Jack drops off the chopper and goes to find Audrey . I enjoyed the last fifteen minutes or so . Jack breaks into James Heller 's home and demands to see Audrey . He is angry and Heller , not only for blaming him for Audrey 's condition , but also for not getting him out of China . He intends to escape with Audrey . But after seeing her , he realizes that the best thing for her is that he be away from her . He leaves the house , and walks out to the beach . He appears to be contemplating suicide , and the season ends with a silent clock honoring his sacrifice.In my opinion , this season had one of the best openings , and also one of the best endings in the series ' history . But that could not save it from familiar , if not moronic twists throughout . As I said before , the plot is practically one recycled plot line after another . There 's nothing new here , and that chiefly makes it the worst season of this series . Another thing that makes the season bad is its lack of foresight . They start a plot line , and then realize they have no idea how to finish it . For example , Charles Logan and Assad . For many reasons , this is the worst season of 24 . But that does n't mean it 's a complete piece of trash . It 's the weakest season of 24 , but that is only because the other seasons are infinitely better .
 24 has always been leave-your-brain-at-the-door entertainment with an EXTREME dependence on suspension of disbelief , but Season Six is just too much . After getting better every year for five seasons , suddenly it seems that the writers & producers of the show forgot that there are limits to what we will accept even on a show like this . Wayne Palmer has no credibility or gravitas as President . The entire plot is absurd even by 24 standards - the U.S. `` has no other choice '' but to hand over Jack to a terrorist in order to `` save the country '' ? And this `` terrorist '' has the resources `` to make sure -LRB- the US -RRB- ca n't try to get him back '' ? And of course , just like every other season , the CTU headquarters is the only government agency in the world staffed with suspiciously attractive 30-something women in key positions of authority and people who can access anything from any computer in the world protected by any security system within three seconds . Watching a season of 24 is an investment of time , more so than other shows , and after watching the first episode of season six even the biggest fans of the series will wonder if they want to stick around until the end of this one .
 this season sucked . Bad story , bad characters worse execution of how ` immortal ' bauer is . Wayne Palmer president ?????? Bauer putting up with near death torture , then pulling off a huge escape without so much as limping?Okay it had its pluses -LRB- but very few -RRB- - the opening sequence , the end and some of the thrilling action sequences . But it generally sucked . Thank god they had the time to plan season seven to make it good.Following the awesome season five , season six just was n't up to par
 remembered this movie from when I was a kid . Obviously it did not stand up over the years . I 'll probably save it for the grandkids who might get a kick out of it when they get a little older .
 Brave men climb a volcano . Brave men shoot some exotic fauna . Brave men recover missing object and climb down volcano . Island holding volcano then explodes . The end.That 's pretty much the whole movie . Of course , it 's possible to strip any movie down to a handful of essential plot points like that ; the problem is , this movie comes pre-stripped , as it were . There really is nothing else to this film . That , and a little unnecessary filler involving some severity dated attitudes on dating , a tad of moralizing about communism and a couple of dashes of pseudoscience , and you have a relatively dull hour , lost forever . Unless you really , really like war-buddy movies , it 's hard to recommend this one for anything.It probably played better when communism was a hot topic .
 OK , from the other reviews I have concluded that this is still a cut-up version . Sid Melton 's `` death scene '' is missing -LRB- Romero puts a cig between his blood-oozing lips before he cashs his chips in and tells them to say goodby to the plane for him -RRB- . Some of the earthquake scenes are probably missing also -LRB- Acquanetta 's demise - if my memory serves me correct they used the `` lava flow overcomes cavegirl '' stock footage from 1 Million Years BC - Now you think , `` Say , what did happen to those other villagers ? '' -RRB- . Sinister Cinema advised me some years ago that whoever owns the rights was just too lazy or stupid to restore them properly . Boycott it until they do it right . Pitiful ! It was one of my favorites as a child .
 In the early to mid 1960s , LOST CONTINENT enjoyed a place of prominence on NYC 's WNEW-TV 5 . The station often ran this cheap-o monster movie on early Sunday afternoons . I can recall seeing it at least four times in those years.What home viewers who had n't caught this film in first run were n't aware of back then , is that the entire section where the spaceship-seeking expedition is atop a heavily jungled mountain plateau was green-tinted -LRB- because of all the chlorophyll in the air , you see -RRB- . WNEW 's telecast of the picture was in pristine b & w. ; This IMAGE ENTERTAINMENT edition restores that green tint . They also offer as an extra a very scratched-up and break-repaired print of LOST CONTINENT 's theatrical trailer , plus the usual chapter stops . There 's no subtitle option . . As a fond childhood memory and taken from that perspective , LC still works for me , but in the cold light of adult reality , I must admit that despite a talented cast , it 's a real stinker . The weakest element is a crucial one
 Back in the 1940 's and 1950 's , showing adventurers climb rocks and mountains must have made for some perilous , on-screen action . It just does n't have the same impact these days . This movie is an endless climb up a huge mountain . When the explorers finally get to the top , they see a few dinos , most notably some decent looking Triceratops . They do n't really interact with them much . Then there is a volcano , -LRB- or earthquake , ca n't remember which -RRB- , and there 's another long climb down the mountain . The End . As a fan of Dinosaur movies , The Lost Continent was a big disappointment .
 Despite the cast , this film is disappointing . Normally , I like these scifi pictures and rarely find one I do n't care for . I 've found this one . The acting is uninspired , the monsters look as phoney as they are , and the sets are contrived and unconvincing.Give this one a pass .
 This flic really brings back the memories of Saturday afternoon Movie matinees . The premise of the picture is good ... but thats about it . Mr. Romero must have really needed the money or he was at the end of a contract ... I was waiting for the `` Beaver '' and/or Wally to come out and smack Hugh Beaumont in the chops ! Then I remembered niether on of them had been born yet or they were still in the cradle whent this movie was made . A thorough restoration would have been good but I guess you can only spread the bucks so far . This is MST 3000 bound for sure -LRB- if it hasnt been on already -RRB- .
 Surprised to see a stop motion Pterodactyl in this one . Great scenes of attacking dinosaurs killed violently by bloodletting gunfire . I found the story to be boring but the dinosaur scenes were green tinted , exciting and also greatly scored . Not sure who did the music but it was first rate !! Better than ` Unknown Island ' but I still prefer ` The Land Unknown ' or ` The Land That Time Forgot ' for a good , cheap dino-adventure . Gee Wally , that Eddie is such a creep ...
 I thought this was an amusing way to spend an hour and a half . It was by no means the best movie I 've ever seen , but I thought it was cute and carried a good message about the priorities in our lives !! The scenery is great and the supporting cast created many laughs amongst my friends and I.
 The clich&eacute;s come fast and furious in this superficial 2009 comedy that fails to deliver anything close to wit or insight beyond the level of a Hallmark greeting card . In what amounts to be a sitcom remake of 1969 ` sIf It 's Tuesday , This Must Be Belgium , a farce that depicted the whirlwind antics of an American tour group in Europe , this film is even more dependent on stock characters and situations that appear transported from an Eisenhower-era story . Seven years after her unexpected success withMy Big Fat Greek Wedding , star Nia Vardalos looks slimmer and more glamorous than she did in her debut , yet she portrays almost the same self-defeating character as Georgia , a history professor who came to Greece to teach but ends up leading tourists around its ancient ruins . Disappointed with the cards life has dealt to her , she is uptight about her job much to the consternation of her group who want only to have fun rather than an education on ancient Greece.Directed by Donald Petrie -LRB- Miss Congeniality -RRB- and written by Mike Reiss -LRB- episodes ofThe Simpsons -RRB- in an extremely slapdash fashion , the story focuses on how Georgia has lost her passion for life -LRB- called `` kefi '' in Greek -RRB- and how it takes the motley tour group and her attraction to a studly bus driver named Poupi to rediscover it . Vardalos is a likeable presence , but her screen persona is getting redundant as her depiction of an everywoman becomes less credible with her every appearance . Richard Dreyfuss is really slumming here as an avuncular Jewish widow named Irv who acts as Georgia 's wizened counselor in love and life . Yet , his Oscar-winning chops at least make his stereotype less offensive and brain-draining than the other actors , in particular , Harland Williams and Rachel Dratch as a mouthy American couple . As Poupi , Greek actor Alexis Georgoulis looks initially like Grizzly Adams , but love transforms him into smoldering eye candy as the movie progresses , which is really the whole point of his role . Rita Wilson shows up in a sentimental cameo as Irv 's deceased wife since she and husband Tom Hanks served as executive producers -LRB- same as they did with `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' -RRB- . With cinematography by frequent Pedro Almod&oacute;var collaborator Jos&eacute; Luis Alcaine , the Greek locations are refreshing , even though the environs around Valencia , Spain , apparently doubled for much of the country . The 2009 DVD oddly offers three separate commentary tracks from Vardalos , Petrie and Reiss . Vardalos ' track is charming but marred by long pauses since she seems to miss someone prompting her to speak , while Petrie 's is understandably more technical in nature . Surprisingly , the most entertaining commentary is provided by Reiss , a genuine comedy writer who convinces us that the story is based on his real-life experiences as part of a tour group . There are twelve minutes worth of deleted and alternate scenes , including an excisable alternate ending , and a comic three-minute featurette , `` Everybody Loves Poupi '' , that Petrie created by re-editing some of the footage . Even though Vardalos is not at the helm this time -LRB- unlike the far more execrable `` I Hate Valentine 's Day '' released a month later -RRB- , I have a feeling that she has more talent than this movie allows her to display .
 Georgia -LRB- Nia Vardalos -RRB- is an American living in Greece and working as a tour guide . She hates her job , thinks all tourists are idiots , and is sick of Greece , too . But on her next four-day trip everything will change for the better , thanks to the quirky members of her tour and her moody bus driver.This movie had so much potential but is really terrible . It 's neither funny nor romantic and the dopey cast is always blocking our view of beautiful Greece . The plot is a rip-off ofIf It 's Tuesday , This Must Be Belgiumbut lacks its charm and good script . Vardalos ' self-deprecating character that was so witty inMy Big Fat Greek Weddingis just tedious here , making her transformation at the end ridiculous . The tourists all have one-dimensional personalities and are uniformly corny and over-the-top . Veteran actor Richard Dreyfuss plays the sterotypical saintly old man who turns Georgia 's life around by urging her to find her `` spirit . '' I was fascinated that he looked so much like Eli Wallach but he 's such a know-it-all that I could n't stand him . Rachel Dratch is also extremely grating as a fellow passenger on the Bus of Fools and there 's nothing appealing about Alexis Georgoulis who plays the object of Georgia 's affection.Stick withIf It 's Tuesdayfor a genuinely funny look at the trials of the guided bus tour . The DVD has no Extras at all . I gave it two stars for the lovely scenery .
 My first thought was that this movie had potential and it would be at least decent . The start of the movie was decent but it quickly became what I call a DISNEY movie - corny , predictable , and embarassing to watch and ... predictable and corny , oh wait I said that but it deserves to be mentioned twice.Bad movie , horribly disappointing . DISNEY almost Hallmark quality movie . Disney should stick to animated movies , they 're much better , just want to add that even though it does n't relate to this movie .
 I love romantic comedies and traveling , but this movie missed the mark completely . The jokes just were n't funny . The premise and storyline was corny and a bit ridiculous . Its only redeeming quality was the gorgeous scenery , that being said , it would have been more enjoyable on mute . What a disappointment !
 This movie features some breathtaking and beautiful scenery of Greece . Both of the ancient ruins and the current times . The premise of the film , a down on her luck nerdy history buff who suffers while taking more shallow tourists on tours could be funny , except that the movie starts to get crassy . The love stories are shallow and the comedy is almost funny . But not quite . There are worse movies out there , but also better ones .
 One of the worst movies I have ever watched . Not worth the $ 6 I paid for it ! . Do n't waste your money .
 The writing is so bad , this movie is unwatchable . I wanted to like it for the cast , but the dialogue was painful .
 Wife said it was a very poor movie . Heard that they actually visited some of the places , and my wife said that some of the scenes and backgrounds looked rather fake , especially in blue ray . Bought cause we loved BFGW , and hoped this movie would capture just a quarter of the magic that movie had . It fell well short.This is a no buy
 I am sure someone wo n't like this review because I am only giving `` My Life in Ruins '' one star . Everyone is entitled to their opinion , including me.That being said , I 'll begin my review with this question
 Yes , the Greek locations are beautiful . Yes , Richard Dreyfuss is a wonderful actor.This is a lousy movie in two parts . The first part is dumb , low brow humor with all the tourists portrayed as ridiculous cartoons . Then the movie shifts gears to become a romantic comedy . Ehhh.The Theme of the movie , the lesson that the `` heroine '' has to learn , is that if she will only lower / dumb down her standards , success will be hers . Ehhh.Skip this one and get a Greek travelogue DVD and a * good * Richard Dreyfuss movie .
 I wanted to like this movie but it just was n't all that to me . There was too much CRAP for me to find it worth watching . Nia Vardalos ' acting was good as usual but the content was stupid . The main character is told the whole movie she needs to `` BE '' with someone ... it will make her feel better . There is a scene where another character is participating in a threesome . This ` chick flick ' does n't qualify for me ! '
 My Life in Ruins is a mildly watchable romantic comedy , mildly funny and mildly entertaining . The acting is OK . That said , the movie is also somewhat boring and extremely predictable and cliched . Mild spoiler warning
 For me , ` My Life in Ruins ' is a colossal failure . It has all the elements of a failure , and so I should have known walking in that it was going to be bad , but I held out hope because this formula has been known to work when the elements come together in the right way.This film is a waste of time.I say this because ` My Life in Ruins ' has absolutely no charm . It has the same scenarios and the same ` characters ' that all these ` finding yourself ' romantic comedies has , but it lacks any and all charm . It is merely a series of events with a slew of mismatched people brought together with reckless abandon to create a hodgepodge of moments we either laugh at -LRB- because we have to -RRB- or we roll our eyes to . There needs to be some sort of connective tissue with these films , some sort of entity that draws us in.Nia Vardalos just ca n't do that.The film follows a single middle-aged -LRB- or nearing -RRB- woman named Georgia who works as a tour guide in Greece . She is in love with the culture , but she is disrespected by her boss and co-workers and finds herself consistently stuck with the worst groups and the worst hotels . When she has finally had enough , she winds up finding happiness thanks to a scruffy driver and a crotchety old widower.Seriously.You can open mouth and insert corn right about now . The film prides itself on slopping one ridiculous clich&eacute; after another right on you plate , with a healthy dose of stereotypes that do n't even have the decency to try and appear fresh . You have the sullen teenager , the crazy Americans , the fighting married couple , the wise old widow -LRB- er -RRB- ; etc. . And then you have the forced sentiment that comes in all shapes and forms , from Poupi -LRB- yes , you pronounce his name like the stuff in your toilet -RRB- explaining why he loves to drive to Irv pretending to be the oracle -LRB- the corniest scene in any film I 've seen this year -RRB- . The jokes are all tired variations of jokes we 've heard a million times . This entire film just feels like a recycled version a every other comedy you 've ever seen -LRB- almost -RRB- . The acting does n't make up for it either . I like Vardalos to an extent , but sadly she has n't been able to capture the magic she ignited with ` My Big Fat Greek Wedding ' and this surely does n't help . Georgoulis may clean up nice , but he 's rather flat . In fact , the only actor who brought anything to the film was Dreyfuss , and sadly he was hampered by being stuck with Mr. Clich&eacute; himself.I highly recommend walking far , far away from this movie . You can throw this on my list of ` Worst Films of the Decade ' , easy .
 Based on other people 's reviews , I rented this movie . I could n't even finish it . It 's that bad .
 Was a big fan of MY BIG FAT GREEK WEDDING and ond of Nia Vardalos , and was expecting something similar . However , I was very disappointed . It is a badly acted and predictable comedy that is n't particularly funny . Even the greek guy doesnt look as hot in the movie as he does in the picture on the cover of the DVD box ! Do n't bother seeing this movie !
 Blerg.I love the actress so I was suprised to come across this movie as I did n't even hear that it came out . Now I know why.Awful , totally lacking in real character development even for a romantic comedy and utterly unoriginal .
 NOT AT ALL LIKE HER OTHER TWO . THEY WERE FUN AND FUNNY . THIS WAS A YUCK !
 I cant believe I wasted my money on this . This movies is so bad it is unbelievable . Please do your self a favor and do no rent it .
 Most truthfully this is a solid two and a half star movie that was filled with potential . I love Nia Vardalos and felt this could 've been her best picture -- and a beautiful one -- if only she had stuck to the realism and honesty of `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding . '' The film has a wonderful title , storyline premise , along with the warm and intelligent character of Vardalos herself , but manages to flop nonetheless . To be sure , it starts out funny and true , but not wanting to be that , it quickly ` morphed ' into just another Hollywood sex-comedy with over-the-top characters . A real disappointment for Ms. Vardalos 's talent . Unfortunately , nowadays people seem to equate sex with romance , plain and simple , not understanding that romance has more to do with the heart . And if this is the case , then the spectacular backdrop of ancient Greece was wasted in this movie . -LRB- Yes , a few jokes on the sexual side would 've been amusing , but to craft an entire film of them ? -- along with Richard Dreyfuss ? -RRB- If only the screen writer and director had spent more time on developing a thoughtful and understated script -- and given Dreyfuss less of a speaking role -- this movie could 've been a real gem . -LSB- Just as a side note , I felt the storyline was rather cheated by not beginning with Georgia -LRB- Vardalos -RRB- as the college professor she once was , in a university classroom , and then depicting her layoff before she ends up as a Greek tour guide , thereby showing the contrast between these two lives . -RSB-
 this was the most disappointing movie i 've seen in a long time . my big fat greek wedding is one of my favorite movies due to the fact that it 's so hillarious . this movie 's script suxed , the story suxed , ew ew ew . i didnt even finish watching it .
 It 's a shame because of the solid cast and beautiful location and even intriguing storyline . I love romantic / comedic movies set in beautiful locations but somehow all of it tanked . It is truly dissapointing and that surprised me .
 I still have not received my purchase and i ordered it on December 6th . This is the absolute worst online transaction I have ever made .
 What an inept pile of garbage . Horrible acting , directing , writing , music -LRB- by George Clinton ?! -RRB- even the editing was pathetic ! The only possible somewhat saving grace was the beautiful though badly acting girl who plays the female lead . Even that was n't worth the suffering .
 There is a good film to be made about Vikings and their many sagas , but this production is not it . Visually beautiful , somewhat interesting but poorly scripted , the film was better than I had expected given its negative internet reviews . Actually Iceland seems to be stunningly attractive and superb cinematographer turned first time director Michael Chapman does a good job in showing it and keeping the action moving . But the plot is too convoluted , the narration stultifyingly dull . There are moments that almost work like when a Viking 's family wait stoicly for death in a burning hut . Thank goodness for the gore and nudity which makes it bearable , but only just . Musclebound Ralf Moeller -LRB- TV 's Conan -RRB- is not that bad , a low rent Schwarzenegger but he does n't embarrass himself . Well worth a video rental -LRB- once -RRB- but not a keeper .
 Not to bad but could have been much better . Historicaly it was pretty much on the button though .
 I guess there are times when the majority of the reviews do not live up to the movie . This movie was horrible to say the least . Horrible plot , acting , and props . Do n't waste your time on this on , not even if you watch it for free .
 I can say without hesitation that The Viking Sagas is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I have sat through more than a few bad movies , and so let me insist that this claim is no hyperbolic gesture . It simply would not be enough to say that this is merely a bad movie . There are scores of terrible films out there with senseless plots , tepid action sequences and ham-handed direction - and many of them also feature German body-building champions in prominent roles.No , what sets The Viking Sagas apart as being truly , profoundly awful , is that it inspires ignorance , specifically , false understanding of a complex and often strange culture . A number of reviewers praise this film for its allegiance to the source material
 I should qualify this negative review by warning up front that when it comes to movies -- and for that matter , books , too -- about the Vikings I am a nitpicker , and in fairness I should explain why . I 'm the author of the Strongbow Saga , a historical fiction series set during the Viking era . I 've spent many years of research , and much effort , trying to gain an in-depth knowledge of the Vikings ' culture , history , and the period in which they lived so that I can accurately portray them in my novels . The Vikings have long been misunderstood and misrepresented , in print and on film , and I hate to see this continuing to occur.The writers of the screenplay for this movie clearly drew on several old Icelandic sagas about the Vikings . Portions of the plot bear a strong resemblance to portions of Njal 's Saga , and some of the main characters are loosely drawn from the Laxardal Saga . However , rather than trying to create a historically accurate portrayal of the Vikings , the film makers instead opted to make a low budget fantasy film that ends up being sort of a cross between pseudo-history and Conan the Barbarian . And the acting of Ralph Moeller , who plays the role of the movie 's hero Kjartan , is very evocative of Arnold Schwarzenegger 's Conan
 Viking Sagas has Icelandic scenery and actors -LRB- thought the dialogue is in English -RRB- , and the characters ride Icelandic ponies . Also some -LRB- though not all -RRB- of the material culture looks authentic . But the story gives us a wavering and often distorted view of medieval Iceland as portrayed in the sagas . However , there are several Icelandic films based on the sagas that are much more authentic , with the Icelandic actors speaking their own language . Utlaginn -LRB- Outlaw
 Being half Norwegian , I 've been on a mission to find good Norse/Viking films for a while now and I gave this one a buy before trying because of that . Well , I struck out here as this is one of the worst excuses for a viking action film I 've seen yet . To say it 's only very loosely viking is being overly generous . There 's really nothing here of factual viking history or heritage.The story is basic but it can be hard to follow as your thrown alot of names and are n't always given the time to know exactly who they 're talking about . As the lead man , I thought Ralf Moeller was stiff and lifeless . Granted , he did n't have the best script and dialog to deal with but I think he 's just not charasmatic enough for a hero role . None of the other actors impressed here at all and I found some of the casting highly questionable.There was nothing and no one here to care anything about no matter what happens . The bad guys were bad but not too bad . Moeller plays the hero who 's destiny is to become a great warrior but he keeps getting his butt kicked throughout most of the film . His master/teacher is supposedly the greatest warrior in the land but is old , out of shape and in no way believeable . Moeller just seems to keep wanting to get it on with this one girl most of the time and they have some stupidly unpassionate love scenes that are only there to show unappreciated and gratuitous nudity . Then his master/teacher goes on a killing spree because he wanted Moellers chick even though he 's old enough to be her grandfather . I mean , he slaughters a whole village full of people over it and everyone just forgives him for it like nothing happened . Mr.Miagi in the Karate Kid would never do that . Besides , is n't he supposed to be a good guy here ? Uh , ok ? The swordplay is basic and boring , the blood effects are cheesy and the only thing climactic about the ending was that it was ending . The only redeeming value here are the nice landscapes to look at . That 's it.I wo n't bother reviewing the audio/video here as it 's just not worth it.So for anyone else looking for a good Viking film , keep looking and let me know what you find . For anyone who likes old tyme sword fighting action flicks like Conan , Beastmaster and Gladiator , watch those instead . There 's a reason why most people never heard of this film . Personally , I 'm trying hard to forget it and I 'm glad there are places to sell junk like this . Avoid .
 It is very seldom that I can find no redeeming qualities for a film . Did anyone write a script ? This film has little plot and trite dialog . Were there any rehearsals ? The acting was poor , accents were phony , speech was poorly articulated -LRB- mumbled -RRB- , and sword fights were awkward . It reminded me of watching 12-year-old boys with heavy sticks pretending to be warriors . Yawn .
 Voodoo Moon -LRB- Kevin Van Hook , 2005 -RRB- Oh , why do I never learn ? I should check the directors on movies before I watch them . This is my fourth Kevin VanHook movie , and each time I subject myself to another one , I ask myself why in the world I would do such a stupid thing . VanHook is the American equivalent of Uwe Boll , but without the in-place settings Boll gets from the videogames he desecrates when making them into movies . Which , arguably , makes VanHook 's movies even stupider . And while Voodoo Moon is the best of the four VanHook movies I 've seen , it 's still an execrable mess of a movie that should never have seen the light of day.The movie centers around Cole -LRB- Resident Evil 's Eric Mabius -RRB- and his sister Heather -LRB- Charisma Carpenter of TV 's Buffy the Vampire Slayer -RRB- , the only survivors of the destruction of the town where they were born by a. . . warlock ? demon ? depends on which summary you read . In any case , the bad guy , Daniel -LRB- Rik Young of that really bad Beowulf adaptation -RRB- is still around , and Cole has been battling him over the ensuing twenty years while Heather has been growing up and trying to make her way as an artist . The final battle approaches , however , and Cole enlists Heather 's help , along with that of a number of other people he 's helped against Daniel over the years -- a cop -LRB- Jeffrey Combs -RRB- , a biker -LRB- John Amos -RRB- , a housewife -LRB- Jayne Heitmeyer -RRB- , a hotel owner -LRB- Dee Wallace -RRB- , and some others whose careers we never find out , in order to make sure Daniel stays put once and for all . In order to do that , they all need to convene on the ruins of the town where it all began -- which lay deserted until the county decided to make a reservoir out of it.I can usually find one aspect of a particularly bad movie that makes it worse than it would otherwise be , even when the movie did n't have any potential in the first place , and in the case of Voodoo Moon , it 's the acting . Mabius is flat as a board . Carpenter shows a good part of the reason why both Buffy and Angel were such terrible shows . Wallace sounds as if she 's on Xanax throughout the entire film . Combs , well , Combs has always been popular because he 's such a bad actor that he usually transcends that and achieves a kind of mentally-deficient brilliance , but not here -LRB- though he does provided some much-needed , if unintentional , comic relief -RRB- . The only half-decent actor here is Amos , and it seems as if VanHook was standing over his shoulder every time the camera was n't rolling giving him lessons in overacting.This is not to say that other aspects of the film are any better . The script is hideous , taking dribs and drabs from a number of other flicks that were overused even when they appeared in those other flicks . -LRB- Did we really need another ghostly chase through a New Orleans graveyard ? -RRB- VanHook 's direction is as uninspired as ever , though at least the subject matter is n't as tremendously stupid as it was in , for example , Slayers . The settings are stock , the events are stock , it 's all just derivative tripe . Avoid like the plague . *
 Having just spent the last 90 something minutes of my life watching Voodoo Moon , I have too many unanswered questions . The first and most important is `` Did the movie creators loose interest or run out of budget ? '' This is very much an unfinished work , a diamond in the rough that was never honed.After the first hour , I was ready to give Voodoo Moon a 4 or 5 star rating . The characters have potential , the plot was intricately woven , everyone had a role to play in this great fight against good and evil , and there were a hundred small subplot just waiting to be resolved . The villain even alluded to ` making ' the hero twenty years ago . Cool ! How did that happen I wondered eagerly . I was almost bouncing up and down in my seat when I heard about a really cool underwater ghost town . YAY ! This was going to be fun!Then ... Nothing . No subplots were tied up . The main plot is n't resolved . It is n't like they tie up a few loose ends then prepare you for a sequel - that 's not the feeling that you get here . No ones powers were explained , the big , build up fight took ten seconds , and the main ` boss ' villain was defeated in a silly , too easy way.If the movie had been developed more , polished more , it would have been great . As it is now , watch it only if you want to have some cool character ideas to play around with in your mind , because nothing will be fixed on screen.Bottom line , I ca n't recommend it in good conscience .
 If only the film considered religion seriouslyand developed characters beyond the superficialthis could have been a great horror film.There are very good effects and cinematography.There is action and humor and decent acting.The look and feel of the film were very goodand the plot was interesting.But when the Devil has at least as much respectfor the Holy Bible and the morals and theologyof the Christian religion as the exorcistand his friends , you have a problem.Camp is good and this film couldhave been very good camp.I wanted to like this movie more.The movie ended with our heroletting his sister drive the car.What a guy !
 I thought the cat , who ends up licking blood from a severed head , was a phenomenal extra . Her name is Daisy and she is completely underrated . I hope we see more of her in the future .
 First of all , Kevin Vanhook 's Voodoo Moon is a B movie . It is not meant to be great cinema . If you take it at that level its not really a bad film.Starring Eric Mabius and Charisma Carpenter as brother and sister , Cole and Heather , the last two survivors of a demonic massacre on their home town , the film attempts to portray the ultimate battle between good and evil . With that being said the film is like all good vs. evil battles except on a slightly to much lower budget . Vanhook is a hands on film maker and he has performed the task of writing , producing , editing and directing the film.The story while it has some plot holes is not really that bad . The concept is pretty good even if the execution is flawed by the lack of budget . The supporting cast is solid also . We have both John Amos and Dee Wallace in decent form . Less strong performances are given by Jeff Combes and Jayne Heitmayer as part of Cole 's team of zombie slayers.Religion is used effectively in the film and the key battle is more out of the Exorcist than a film like Blade . The zombies are simply there for the gore factor . The film plays more like Shaun of the Dead than Dawn of the Dead , even though both may be counted as sources of inspiration.With a higher budget this one could have been a contender instead of o straight to video release . The DVD includes two featurettes on the making of the film , three deleted and extended scenes , a photo gallery and a commentary by writer , producer , editor , director Vanhooks.Rent it for an evening of lite horror fun .
 One of the reviewers mentioned David Lynch . I recall waiting with anticipation for the film adaptation of _ Dune _ , hoping that the movie in my mind would be realized , and discovering through the film flaws in the book that my adolescent mind had not noticed when I fell in love with it . Something like that is true of _ The Magus _ as well . It * is * fairly faithful to the book , and many of the more embarrassing scenes of dialogue are taken directly from it . So my first reaction to seeing this film is a troubled sense that I was wrong to love this book.What 's missing ? Three things
 I saw it around 1969 in Isla Vista , California , the student community adjacent to UCSB and famous for a while for burning down the Bank of America.About a dozen years later , the author REVISED the book , citing that he was quite young when it was originally written and that a lot of stuff deemed mysterious or symbolic in the original was just bad writing . This movie is based on the original version , which may explain a lot!I recently found the DVD for $ 5 at a big box store , and watched it again with some embarrassment . In those days -LRB- ' 69 -RRB- , we were not yet inoculated against the unorthodox , despite the coverage of `` hippies . '' We had seen many tame films , and something off-the-wall was still a bit of a surprise to a lot of us kids . I recall a friend who claimed he could detect all kinds of clever symbolism in the movie , often involving who was sitting in a chair when speaking and who was standing . Meanwhile , in dorms , people were playing Beatles 's LPs backwards to find secret messages about Paul being dead.A side note
 Not much to say . A simply below average film . Stick to the book , which is really superb .
 This is a kind of 60s story - of a surreal psycho-journey that is supposed to lead to profound truths - that appears formulaic now . Caine is kind of a lost soul , a teacher blundering through life who loves to bed new girls . He meets an equally troubled stewardess , they begin an affair , but somehow he holds back from the love that she knows they might have . Caine then meets a strange man on Crete , Quinn -LRB- who is n't all that bad -RRB- , who enmeshes him in a series of games , enticing him with promises of an affair with a gorgeously young Candace Bergen , and playing with his mind ; even the stewardess is somehow involved . By the end , Caine knows himself better , is less selfish , etc. , though may have lost the stewardess.Viewed from today , this has the air of a cult film , loved by some die hard fans as a deep psychological journey , but seen by everyone else as flat and clich&eacute;e - ridden , with stilted dialogue and out-dated Jungian themes in the blatantly crude symbolism . Alas , I fall into the latter category , and not for want of trying . I read the novel , which I found only marginally better in spite of enthusiastic recommendations by art lovers , and found it preposterous and over-done , however intelligent the games appear . The film strips away any subtlety and simply does n't work as a story.Not recommended .
 Listen , I love horror movies and I 'm obsessed with aliens and the possibility of life on other planets . So this movie is a ca n't miss for me right ? ... Wrong.This movie is god awful . The film shows actual footage AND dramatizations AT THE SAME TIME , in a split screen scenario . This is the last thing I want to see . Either make the movie using real footage and a narrator or give me a dramatization , OR transition from one to another . But , putting them side by side in the same frame in every intense scene is horrible decision making . It just did n't work for me and the 3 people I went to the theater with to see it.In terms of horror factor , there definitely are a few really frightening moments ... one scene particular comes to mind , but again , most scenes were ruined by the director 's way of building suspense with the split screen . Fire in the Sky is still the best alien abduction movie out there . It 's really hard for me to recommend purchasing this movie . Rental at best.PS
 I think the only alien Mr. Tyler -LRB- the main character woman -RRB- saw was herself in the mirror . I mean if you shave her head bald , does n't she look like an alien herself ? I 'm not talking about Milla Jovovich that portrayed Tyler , I 'm talking about the lady herself.Anyhow , I was bored to death and in general I 'm not too crazy on the alien idea . I 'm pretty sure they 're out there , I 'm just not as fascinated about them . I mean what is more scarier , a creep dead Japanese demon chick ghost or a green/rainbow colored alien . I 'm just messing , but yeah this movie bored me and I really felt like I wasted my life -LRB- more than usual -RRB- watching this .
 This movie was not what I thought it would be . I didnt like the way the movie kept jumping around from person to person ... waste of money and time
 Had I could have given this movie 0 stars I would have . This movie is so fake that it is scary . There is nothing in this movie that makes it terrifying - unless you are a five year old kid or someone who has recently undergone a labotamy . This might be one of the worst purchases I have made all year . Not even as scary as the uneventful paranormal activity . Whatever you do , do not spend money on this movie . I do not know if it is even possible to explain how boring it is . I have never walked out on a movie in my life , that was before I saw this film . DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE !
 The footage in this movie is NOT real . This is NOT based on true events . This story DID NOT happen . The reason this has to be stressed , is because of how the movie is presented . It 's presented as entirely a work of reality based events . Even the actors talk about how real it is in the movie . When I first watched this movie , I was under the understandable impression that this movie was based on true events.This movie actually makes me quite angry , and here 's why ... I believe in aliens , I 've seen UFOs with my own eyes . With time , people have become more open about their own encounters with E.T. 's . I believe the governments around the world know many things about UFOs and aliens , and refuse to share it with the public on a mass scale because of widespread panic & worry . This is a TERRIBLE movie for exactly that reason - people who see it believe it 's real , and therefore have cause to be scared of aliens . This gives governments and agencies MORE reason to keep us away from the topic of openly discussing UFOs and aliens with them . Because thanks to this piece of **** movie , the public is more likely to be afraid.In our quest to make contact with aliens on a mass scale & talk about it openly & freely without so much fear of aliens & what making contact with them could bring - this movie has set the human race back many years . This movie is a step back for mankind . This is n't like the movie Independence Day . That movie did n't inspire fear in people about aliens because we knew it was fake . It did n't try to fool people into thinking it was real . The Fourth Kind should never be viewed by anyone . Knowing the story is fake even takes all the entertainment out of the movie , really ... In fact the movie actually being fake just makes it downright stupid & a waste of time . The whole movie runs it 's entertainment value on being based on true events , once this is taken away , it 's really just a horrible movie.Why would aliens even try to make contact with us on a mass scale if they know movies like this exist , & many unknowing people are scared of aliens because of it?A horrible , horrible movie . It 's horrible in a way few movies in history are .
 The director pushes to hard to try and convince the viewer that it is real . Why re-enact something if you have the actual footage ? What was he thinking putting the re-enactment side by side supposedly with the actual footage . -LSB- Spoiler -RSB- I think a technical flaw in the film is what finally ruined my suspension of dis-belief . When the sheriff asked somebody to take the shot during a hostage situation and they were supposedly showing actual footage , the shot was there . Even in a small town in Alaska -LRB- maybe especially a small town in Alaska -RRB- somebody would have had the confidence to make that shot , given the green light . Should have had a technical adviser . Sorry that was close to 6 inches clearance at less than a hundred yards .
 THE FOURTH KINDSTARRING
 Are you kidding me ? People actually liked this film ?! Where do I start ? It was n't scary , it was n't a believable story , in fact you can find credible sources on the Internet -LRB- go to Wikipedia if you do n't want to waste your time searching -RRB- that will tell you that the makers of this movie were sued for planting fictitious news stories . Plus , Chapman University -LRB- mega-diploma mill -RRB- is the `` University '' investigating and doing the interviewing of the psychologist , that should tell you something right there.But I would n't have even had a problem with it all being faked/staged like Blair Witch Project , for example , if it was actually good . Not only was this not scary or suspenseful -LRB- or believable , did I already mention that ?! -RRB- but I kept falling asleep trying to watch it - that 's how scary and suspenseful it was . Terrible all-the-way around from bad acting , to the annoying way the movie was shot with the split-screens to make it seem real , etc. . Worst movie I 've seen in quite awhile , and I 'm someone that loves alien movies , conspiracy theories , etc. . In fact the X-Files was one of my all-time favorite TV shows , but this was just garbage.FINAL GRADE
 Why ? Because it 's fake . I see a lot of debate here whether this is true or not
 Alien abduction ?! Alsaka ?! Milla Jovovich ?! How the blazes could this possibly go wrong ?! The director and writers tried their very best to answer that question with every mind numbing scene in this snooze fest . Yes . I actually dozed off momentarily a few times . Despite this , I was able to determine that there are no aliens . Zero , zip , nada , unless you count a barn owl with too much eye shadow slathered on its face an alien . Seriously ?! An owl ?! Talk about lazy filming . And do n't EVEN try to explain that Whitley Strieber made a conenction between aliens and owls , so you know , it 's kinda , sort , almost , like , y' know ok . Coz it 's not . The actors do ok , except for the reanimated cadaver they used to play the `` real '' Doctor whatsername . That poor creature could n't act her way out of a parking ticket , let alone convey a `` real '' tone to this sham . Also , no alien ship . Just a dark shadow over the house . And what 's with the forested mountains of Nome , Alaska ? Last I checked Nome was a barren tundra devoid of trees or mountains . I gave this sorry film the benefit of the doubt and watched it all the way through , when I was n't fighting the movie-induced narcolepsy . The first 3 minutes should have been a warning . Any film that starts with the star AND director introducing themselves and telling you how real and scary the film you 're about to watch really is , is going to aim low , and shoot for the abyss real quick like . Skip it . It 's not scary . It 's not interesting . It 's not ... well , ANYTHING except a waste of a couple of dollars and an hour and a half of your life .
 This film really fails in delivering something good . I 'm not saying `` The Fourth Kind '' really had much potential , but it was n't anything special . It was kind of unique how the director interviews the `` real person '' -LRB- who 's obviously just an actress -RRB- , and how it has a double-screen effect when it shows the film and the `` real '' footage . I have to say , parts of the film were actually scary , like when you hear the alien and those `` abduction '' scenes . It seems like the director really wanted us to believe that it was real . In some ways , it kind of worked , but it ultimately did n't work . It just looked fabricated . The movie did n't end well either . Altogether , this film is really obnoxious and not anything that you can watch over and over again . At least not to me , so I 'd say that `` The Fourth Kind '' is n't a must-see .
 This is like the Blair Witch Project - presented as a real documenatry , with ` genuine documentary footage ' , but it is actually all fake , a fictional device . This takes away anything the movie might have had going for it , because the idea that it might have been real is the only thing that made it scary - it 's otherwise quite an unremarkable film . I must say I do not like this trend of lying to the audience , saying fictional movies are documentaries . It is blurring the lines too much between fact and fiction , and it is fundamentally dishonest . Either a movie is fiction , or it is a documentary . It can not be both , so please , no more of these con job movies ...
 Disturbing . This is nothing more than demon posession made out to be aliens . This happens when towns people practice witchcraft .
 This film was a snooze from start to finish with shallow characters and no plot development . And its attempt to break the fourth wall made it all the more cheesy .
 If you want to watch a good film about alien abduction , Fire in the Sky does it better . If you want the cream of the crop of alien abduction , then watch the X-Files television series . The 4th Kind is alright , but it 's been done much better before .
 I 'm glad I only rented this . I admit this sort of movie is not my cuppa tea . I wo n't be buying it . Owls are messengers according to some Amerindian beliefs . Is this why they were represented ? I did n't get anything out of this . Certainly no fright . It takes something extremely scary to do that . Movies generally do not have that factor . Not for me anyway .
 I followed this one for about 15 minutes but the acting was below par . Not horrible , just below par and why should I put up with that because people are promising it will be some engaging horror later ? If the acting sucks try to make it campy at least but this was trying to be serious and it just was n't working . WHEN WATCHED
 This is a movie that is long on building up to something , then ending with , `` Hey , this all could be real ... so be scared . '' And that 's about it.I might have bought the whole split-screen-with-real-footage gimmick ... but most of the `` real video '' was shot from almost precisely the same camera set ups as the fake movie footage . Zero imagination.This ultimately comes across as a cheap , lazy gimmick with no pay-off . I love Milla Jovovich but she looks so pained during the opening and closing shots that I felt bad for her . Acting like she believes in UFOs from this shoddy movie appears to me like an impossible task.If you want to see Will Patton in a better role in a much better movie , check out THE MOTHMAN PROPHECIES . It 's another paranormal film based on `` true events '' but at least it has some style , good acting and it does n't beat you over the head with its own pretentiousness ... like THE FOURTH KIND .
 Laughable.Yes , all the handi-cam footage you can bare in this one ! Another movie trying to use `` actual footage '' to make someone believe in the supernatural . Not really even sure what to write here ? I would have MUCH rather have had an alien abduction movie that is just exactly that . A nice , simple , plain old alien abduction movie , not some giggle inducing footage of real actors , playing real parts that are really ridiculous . The whole `` actual footage '' gimmick is kind of over for me here and if this movie was n't billed as something it 's not than I would have enjoyed it far more.So if you 're still a fan of the Paranormal Activity movies then there is no doubt you will be roped into this one and could very well enjoy it . But if you are n't a fan of that genre , as I am not , then steer clear of this one as it is a waste of a precious hour and a half that you wo n't get back .
 Hollywood continues to frighten the viewing public while exaggerating the negatives connected with the UFO phenomenon , even lying in this case . The film was publicized as a true story , which it is not . They professed to having real interview footage , which it does not . What it does do is scare the heck out of the audience by planting horrific visions and psycho-babble connected with UFOs and abduction . The script , effects and acting were big disappointments .
 For my 666th review I had intended to write about the `` Book of Lies '' by Aleister Crowley , but I could not think of anything to add to what was already written . Staying within the theme of lies , it is not a stretch , therefore , to jump to a review of `` The Fourth Kind . `` We watched this movie last night , hoping for some of the atmosphere and fright typical of a `` Fringe , '' X Files , '' or `` Twin Peaks '' type of experience . The premise that Nome , Alaska , has become a special zone for alien abductions and how those abductions affect the victims and those around them is a solid idea . Pitting those with insights into what appears to have happened with the forces of rationality and authority makes for a tried and true archetypal conflict . Creating a gestalt that `` what you are seeing is real but the names have been changed '' is another standard artifice now in vogue among moviemakers.The sets were good , though Bulgaria as a stand-in for Nome seemed a bit perhaps gentrified at times . Borrowing the notion that `` the owls are not what they seem to be '' from Twin Peaks was a good use of a conceit that certainly has merit.The problems are not with the premise , but rather the execution . Cluttering the screen with ceaseless , annoying reminders that we are seeing or hearing actual footage or sound , offering split-screen takes on the same seen , and using a more or less disembodied head of the lead actor to induce us to suspend or redirect belief in the opening scenes all became contrived annoyances . The pacing of the scenes and dialogue all seemed forced and rushed to the point that all the oxygen and spontaneity were sucked from the film . Everyone and everything is harrowing , overdone , and sullen to the point that I was rooting for the owls to win the day , or rather the night .
 I just had to write a review . This was a decent movie overall . It is not filled with vulgar language , gore and sex . It is compelling , and well written . I would have given it a better rating had it not been for the HUGE DEAL they made about this being REAL footage in the movie . I can assure you , it is not . I would have been able to accept the premise , and the style because it was still well done . HOWEVER , I am still torqued about the fact that they spent SO much time trying to convince me this was actual footage of interviews . I would still recommend it . I would compare it with Communion .
 solid cast of seasoned actors ca n't help rescue this underwritten , well photographed , pretentious stew . real actors doing recreations of other actors doing cgi altered recreations of events that may or may not have occured . many characters have countless opportunities to articulate what they `` saw '' but never do . often they 're simply ommited from points in the film in which -LRB- as they were present at a remarkable event ? -RRB- they 'd bend every ear they possibly could . what you would think it 's going to be but less . for young people who like to smoke pot and watch an allegedly thoughtful film or sleep deprived adults vulnerable to its otherwise quite shaky assertions . you may find yourself watching until the end anticipating someone saying something meaningful or compelling . even if you want to `` beleive '' , the filmaker gives you scant reason . credits are also a riot of vaugue real life U.F.O phone and/or radio reports . falls a star below a strait documentary about similar material . if you dug `` the Mothman Prophecies '' you might like it more . looks and feels kinda SCI-FI channel .
 This is one of those movies that try to show you the least possible , making ALL and I mean ALL relevant scenes blurry and distorted , with the good ol' `` Interference blurred the recording '' trick . They try to have you , the spectator , create with your mind what they 're suggesting is there but they 're not really showing you anything . Many directors manage to pull this off successfully when they use it to build up tension in the movie and ultimately leading to a climax . But when this trick is used for the entire duration of the movie , it grows old REALLY quick.You end up spending the whole movie waiting for them to show you the big thing and they basically never show you anything . The clearest thing you might be able to see is the movie cover . And the scene the movie cover depicts , is not even in the movie.You end up sitting through 2 hours of distorted recordings and muffled voices . Top that with the fact that everything the movie portrays as `` real events '' are actually fake events created to market the movie and you end up with a blair witch project wannabe . And a lousy one at that . I want my 2 hours back .
 This was a strange movie . Like The Exorcism meets Fire in the Sky if you have some time to kill and nothing else to do give it a try .
 I do n't care about the veracity of the film - as a piece of movie making , it smells like Alfred Hitchcock 's socks.I do not know the director 's credentials but , regardless of whether he 's responsible for Gone With The Wind or Jaws XXI , he did a poor job on this one . Whirling the camera around a stationary actor is n't wizardry . In fact , it 's annoying . So is the technique of having characters whisper . This may be groovy when you see a film in a quiet theater , but when you 're at home and coping with planes flying overhead , the dishwasher , a dog snoring and other distractions , WHISPERING SUCKS.With too many plot inconsistencies to enumerate , poor acting by most , and no gratuitous nudity -LRB- it 's Milla Jovovich , ya know ! -RRB- , this experience could only be made better by downing enough vodka to forget you 've seen it.PS - I suggest The Fifth Kind ; that 's when aliens rob you of 1 hour 45 minutes , and the cost of one movie rental . The horror !
 This movie tries to portray itself as a sort of docu-drama , whereby the story is not just `` based on true events '' , but is more or less a recreation of what actually took place . There is much shock value in that the amaturish recordings of what supposedly actually took place are far more interesting than the parallel recreation by the Hollywood actors . The main character played by Milla Jovovich and the director of the movie are in a sequence -LRB- out of character -RRB- and simply outright lie to the viewer that what they have witnessed is true and `` believe what you like '' , but here are the FBI statistics , blah , blah blah . This somewhat ruined the experience , because if some of the things took place in real life , they would have made front page news of every city across the globe . It would not be possible for anyone to hide what is portrayed in this movie.Although there are serious holes in the plot , the movie is reasonably well acted and the pace is good . There are some obvious logical flaws in the actions that take place -LRB- like many thriller type movies -RRB- , and some of these are extreme . The fundimental flaw I noticed right from the beginning is that a psychologist or any other mental health professional would probably not be allowed to continue treating patients when their husband had just been murdered in front of them -LRB- but not really -RRB- and said mental health professional was unable to explain or understand what had happened . What the hell?Anyway , interesting idea , but ruined somewhat by the director 's charade .
 In the wake of ` Paranormal Activity ' and it 's huge following , this little copycat film -LRB- which is n't really a copycat but is often regarded as such -RRB- came out to lukewarm , almost cold reception . Still , I wanted to see it . I am often disappointed in these alien films , but my search for something truly terrifying usually leads me to at least watch it once . `` If I could turn back time ... `` Elements within ` The Fourth Kind ' actually work , and at times they even work well , but overall the clunky and phony feeling to the film leaves the audience rather detached and uninterested . We can address the big pink elephant in the room right on and just say that this film is as ` true ' as ` The Blair Witch Project ' was , and so all the constant claims to authenticity are obnoxious and irritating . I did n't need Wikipedia to tell me that this film was a phony -LRB- although it did tell me -RRB- . The supposed ` actual footage ' is so forced looking and the actual supposed alien possession scenes are completely CGI 'd -LRB- especially the last one -RRB- . The film tries very hard to convince you that this is all real , but as the actors say on the outset , what you believe is up to you and there is no way I believe a word of this film . So , with all the ` this is real , be very afraid ' hoopla , it became apparent that the writers did n't think hard enough about constructing a coherent plot . The film just kind of meanders and wobbles on its unsteady legs . Some scenes contain truly terrifying moments , but they are masked over by overworked segments of force-fed foolery.I love you Milla Jovovich , but you really need to get your act together.I think that ` The Fourth Kind ' is a case of ` too much ' . It just throws way too much at you . It tries to convince you that the footage it presents is ` real ' , but the overall flow of the film is far too clean to produce any genuine terror . There needed to be grittiness , even to the supposed reenactment scenes , and yet the film is polished and crisp in texture , which takes you out of the ` realness ' it is trying to present . A lot of the scenes feel overproduced and underdeveloped , especially when the screen is split in fours and your struggling to watch every angle of something that really only needed one angle to begin with . Placing the ` footage ' side by side with the ` reenactments ' only shone a light on the scale of bad acting used in this film.Nothing is convincing.Alas , there was an hour and half -LRB- or so -RRB- of my time wasted . I wanted to get scared . I wanted to be terrified . I wanted to lose sleep.None of that happened .
 I guess what it comes down to is ... does the threat of aliens scare you ? I think some people are scared by gore , some by ghosts , some by aliens . If you 're the third this movie may be for you . It is one of those movies that leaves a lot to the imagination , which , according to other reviews , scared the crap out of a lot of people - but bored the crap out of me . It 's a psychological thriller , fear of the unknown . I was insanely bored , not because I ca n't imagine the existence of aliens , infact I accept the fact that they most likely exist . I guess what bored me about this movie is that I 'm okay with the fact that they exist , and I 'm not scared of abduction . If I get abducted by aliens , the known universe will not cease to exist on a grand scale . The only thing that scares me is ever being forced to endure this calibre of boredeom again and paying four bucks for it . If you live in constant fear of the unknown , watch the movie , otherwise , you may want to seek some therapy about your anxiety issues - and stop scaring the bejeezus out of yourself with horror flicks ! : -RRB-
 You need to be a little worried when a movie goes out of its way to assert everything is real - kinda like a sleezeball named `` Rico '' proclaiming he 's the best lover in the world to random women at a trash bar.It 's hard to pinpoint the worst aspect of this movie . Maybe it 's the crappy `` archival footage '' acting , with over-the-top screaming and hokey hypnosis ? -LRB- one actor in a supposed trance was `` awake '' enough to aim a well-placed , obviously conscious kick to a lamp -RRB- Or the kid who willingly , even eagerly lets an insane cop take him from his mother -LRB- illegally -RRB- after his dad 's been murdered and sister 's been abducted by aliens ? Maybe it 's the movie 's premise ; that intellectually-advanced aliens travel trillions of miles to reach Nome , AL , avoiding all detection and contact , just to abduct children and tell us they 're God in our sleep . My personal favorite is the `` doctor '' who translates ancient Sumerian -LRB- a language dead for 5000 years that no one has , or ever will , hear spoken -RRB- the very first time he hears it on a garbled , $ 5 tape recorder spoken by an Alien - but somehow misses all the key action verbs and conjunctions.There 's so much to criticize about the film that it 's better not to play that game . Save your money and the hours of your life and do something , ANYTHING , else .
 `` The Fourth Kind '' was written , directed , and acted in by Olatunde Osunsanmi . He plays the interviewer for the `` real '' Abigail Tyler . The movie opens with actress Milla Jovovich introducing herself and in a trippy spinning forest reveals that this movie will contain real archived footage of events that took place in Nome , Alaska alongside dramatizations of these events in which she will be playing the role of Abbey Tyler . We are informed that there have been a series of unexplained disappearances in Nome and she cautions us that some of the footage is very `` disturbing . `` Over the course of the film , we find out that the people of Nome have been having trouble sleeping and visions of an owl . When under hypnosis , they reveal there is no owl and there is something indescribably frightening at their door . After going through hypnosis , these people change as they react to their newfound memories and the public is in more danger than ever and psychologist , Dr. Tyler is being questioned by Sheriff August -LRB- alias -RRB- played by Will Patton . `` Paranormal Activity '' was an amazingly successful film made by Oren Peli on a budget of $ 11,000 and marketed as `` actual '' footage . What resulted was a vast public who believed -LRB- or were willing to believe for two hours -RRB- that paranormal events happened to these two people . But one quick trip to IMDB would prove that they are actors and we can judge the movie on its scare value alone . During the movie , I thought it was lame , afterwards though ... I did n't sleep well that night.This movie decided to take the faux documentary/reality format a step further by creating an opening that feels like the old TV show , `` Unsolved Mysteries '' and presenting us with `` actual '' footage that might fool the untrained eye but only for a few minutes . One reason is Abigail Tyler 's appearance in the interviews . She is wearing a great deal of pale powder makeup to appear even more sickly in bad lighting and is totally creepy . Real women do not powder their face to that degree and go without any eye makeup or lip color when they are being filmed on camera . You either make yourself look presentable or you do n't try anything at all , you do n't deliberately make yourself look worse . The saddest betrayal is taking this scary ghost woman who looks like she should be in `` The Ring '' or on `` Shutter Island '' and casting her counterpart as Milla Jovovich complete with a beautifully manicured appearance and fuchsia lipstick , you could n't get more night and day than that.There 's a difference between reality and acting and I was mildly annoyed that the joke was taken this far but tried to be game about it and let myself be entertained for the course of the film . Unfortunately , the rest of the film was n't that great either . The `` thrilling '' moments were very few and far between . Also the film really went overboard with facts and text on the screen and added audio and video that seemed cool at first but started to become a sad plea of `` Really ! It 's true ! Look at all these important facts and references on the screen ! '' Every time any type of alien encounter occurred on tape , it was too blurry , obscured and the tape suddenly messed up . Maybe that stuff would potentially happen in an actual situation , but this was so X-Files that I kept waiting for Mulder and Scully to show up . At least they have clever banter.I really was n't impressed with Jovovich in this film . She excels at action characters , looking hot and being bad-ass at the same time . Being a quiet psychologist was too big of a change and she just never fit this character right . She tried to plain down a bit with bulky sweaters but that lipstick was a dealbreaker . These may seem like small things but it 's hard to play in this faux reality when the acting just is n't up to par enough from your lead and the big budget of this film actually takes away from the `` archived footage '' and becomes too distracting.I do n't recommend this film unless you are a really big sci-fi alien encounter buff and whether you believe or not , you 'd probably have fun with this . If you 're only mildly interested in UFO 's , it probably wo n't hold your interest the same way it did to me .
 It should be called `` The BAD kind '' . It 's one of the worst movies of 2009 . - The whole movie never showed anything that scared or thrilled me . There were no aliens , no beasts . - There was one scene blatantly copied from `` The Exorcist '' . That was where the victim floated about 2 feet above her bed . Did the director expect it to scare the wit out of us ? - Ninety percent of this film is very much like `` Paranormal Activity '' in a way that it does not show any `` bad guys '' . The only 3 different things are Paranormal does reveal the `` bad guy '' at the end and it 's much scarier and more suspenseful.We wasted $ 20 on the tickets .
 This junk is soooooo over rated like that other flick was `` paranormal activities '' for me was boring , both sucked & over rated !! With that spilt screen like u watching one of the TV fox show `` 24 '' seriesIs same o paste over and over with unbelievable B.S roll up together do n't make any sense , it was stupid ! C
 I love scary movies and watch a lot of them in all kinds of genres . I like alien abduction stuff , but probably not as much as I did as when I was a teenager . This was very slow , not scary , and the `` real '' footage was more actors . Showing the `` real '' person and the `` actor '' talking side by side about what was going on was annoying and stupid . This was one of the very few movies in the hundreds I 've watched that I turned off a third of the way in and could n't care less how it ended .
 This was the stupidest movie I have seen in a long time . My friend drug me to it saying it was going to be terrifying , and I wound up rolling my eyes through the whole thing . It would n't be that bad if they did n't claim it was real but from the opening scene it was VERY obvious it was completely fake so it was hard to like . - Not scary what-so-ever - Horrible acting - Common story plot - If you go into it thinking its real , its a major let-down . But if you like alien movies , this is for you . Its entertaining if you have nothing else to do , but RENT it DO N'T BUY it . Its a waste of money .
 i rented it n wat was my surprise ?? i couldnt see it it kekpt on sayin error error and error wtf seriously i want my money back
 Can I give less than 1 star ? How about negative stars ? It was just stupid , from there being a sheriff to the evergreen forests to the trendy yuppies on the street to the wonderful roads . Why say Nome ? Just say Vancouver , get a location scout . And a writer , and an acting coach . Do n't waste your time , read a book .
 Being stationed in Korea , there is n't very much to do , especially if you 're under 21 . Hell , over here you ca n't even go off base unless your 21 , so yeah , nothing to do but watch movies . Fortunately there is a theater on base , sure it shows movies that have been out forever -LRB- Avatar , 2012 , etc -RRB- but occasionally it shows a movie that I have n't seen , like The Fourth Kind . I remember when I went to see Paranormal Activities that I thought these two films were one and the same . They were marketed in much the same way and their plots seemed eerily similar , plus it did n't help that I had n't done research on either films . When I realized my mistake I was a little embarrassed but not too much . After all , it allowed me to see PA when I probably would have skipped it , plus it put off seeing this God awful excuse for a film.Set in Nome Alaska , The Fourth Kind is about `` actual case studies '' telling the story of actual people who were abducted by aliens . Yeah right . These people go all out trying to make us believe this nonsense , making spooky X-Files ish monologues with our main characters standing in the middle of a forest at night with a flood light shining behind them telling us about how everything in this film is real , that we can chose to believe it if we want or reject it completely , informing us about how the FBI seems oh SOOO interested in Name . Forget the fact that this is all complete bull , and anyone with an ounce of sense can see through this `` scary '' drivel . I mean really people , did ANYONE fall for this ? Anyone ? Here 's a hint . It is mentioned that the main character , the real one not the `` dramatized `` Version , is still trying to convince people her story is true even appearing in an interview retelling it for everyone , and yet they would have us believe that she wants to use an alias instead of her real name . Right . Of COURSE that would be the case and the whole alias thing is n't some cheap trick to keep people from googling the names and finding out the movie is complete BS . THAT could n't be the reason . I 've seen movies `` based on actual events '' that try to make people think their real and do a good job at it -LRB- Paranormal Activities , Blare Witch Project -RRB- but this is some absurd . What this movie is , is just two films -LRB- one made in the same way PA was , one the Hollywood version -RRB- spliced together to give the appearance of realism , and its SOOOOO easy to tell . Not that PA or Blare Witch actually made me think those events were real , but good God they did n't go to the absurd lengths this film did to make me believe . This movie just bashes you over the head over and over and over , trying to make you believe this nonsense , but it 's not . Give it a rest.Other than that , this film is very gimmicky . I thought the split screens went out of style when the first Hulk movie tanked ; I was under the impression that Hollywood realized that was a VERY bad idea . Nobody likes split screens , it 's confusing , it gets in the way of the action , and it gives me a headache . Apparently the makers of this movie did n't get the hint . Remember how I said this is really just two movies with two different sets of actors spliced together ? Guess how they do it ? They play the same exact scene from both versions at the same time by splitting the screen between the two . So , you see a crummy home made version of the scene , and a glamorized Hollywood version , right next to each other , both doing the same exact thing . Apparently , this was done to make it seem more real . Please , do n't insult my intelligence . But the problem with the split screens does n't end there , oh no , it gets better than that . There was one specific scene I remember where not only did we get the two different versions of the movie placed side by side , both of those scenes were split as well leaving four , yes four , screens to follow . What 's more these four screens kept changing in size , pulsing as it were , while poor little ol me tried desperately to figure out what the hell as going on . Oh , and the audio kept switching from the `` real '' footage to the Hollywood footage , adding to the confusion.Other gimmicks ? Well , as I said before , there 's the X-Files ish `` the movie is based on real events '' monologues at the beginning and end of the film , there 's also the aliens speaking in a thousand year old dead language claiming that it -LRB- whatever it is -RRB- is God . Oh , THAT did n't sound gimmicky at all . The alien talking to the screaming woman while she pleads for her child to be returned and then claiming that it is God . Hmm , yeah , and I 'm supposed to think that if an alien spoke on tape before and claimed it was god that I would n't have heard about it before now ? That this would n't be the most famous video clip ever ? Did n't they say this movie was based on real life ? Yeah , I think they did , about a dozen times.I wo n't say that the movie did n't frighten me on occasion . It did . There were some scares in it , and there were a few things that were well done , but the bad in this film FAR outweighs anything they did right . It had a good concept , there were some scares , and there was also some great imagery -LRB- the owls were great I thought -RRB- but boy oh boy , was this film gimmicky or what ? I wo n't tell you not to see it , this movie could be like PA , hit or miss depending on the viewers , but I did n't like it , not in the least bit.Replay value , low .
 HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH ... -LRB- pause -RRB- BAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHA ... -LRB- wait -RRB- MMMAHHAAHHAHAHAHAAHAHAAHAHHA ... HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAA Few things and keep in mind I loved Blair Witch .1 . Her son -LRB- or her not son -RRB- knows what reality is and what 's make believe -LRB- re
 The Fourth Kind has a few scary moments , but over all , the movie has many segments that are very poor in video quality because they are apparantly from actual footage from actual events . The movie itself also seems fragmented and does not flow smoothly . I would n't waste my money on this one . If you are curious about the movie , just rent it .
 Think &#34; Blair Witch &#34; meets &#34; 60 Minutes &#34; - with the worse of the two . poor editing , poor values ; so , so disappointed .
 While I received the DVD quickly and in good condition . I did not like the movie . Awful acting and I do n't think its true .
 There are two ways people experience reality . One is to project a physical sensorium into an alternate reality , the way of spiritualists . That is what this film portrays.The other is direct experience of the fundamental nature of existence without a self . Fundamentally , everything experienced is a construct of our own mind , including what we call a self.There is no doubt of the intensity of the experiences recounted in this film . There is no doubt of the intensity of the experiences we call a life.When I wake up in the morning I remember my dreams , in which I had a body , a set of circumstances and the memory of a life , just like this one I call `` reality '' . Which one is `` real '' ? I am a classical pianist . Sometimes in my dreams I am perfectly playing a piece I only sight-read but never learned . In my dreams I can fly , it 's so easy and slips through my fingers as I awake . I can also speak Greek and Latin in my dreams . Is Sumerian so far-fetched ? It is necessary to loosen the bounds we place on the conception of self.I wish I could help the author and those of similar disposition.Actually , I can.Love to all of you , John
 It 's a bit frustrating to review a film like THE FOURTH KIND -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . While I was captivated by the whole style of the thing , it grates on the nerves like the SAW series -LRB- though in the first few seconds of attempted `` genuine '' footage , it nearly fooled me - for a second -RRB- . Milla Jovovich plays Dr. Abigail Tyler , a psychologist in Nome , Alaska . She finds -LRB- perhaps because she is seeking -RRB- a rash of alien abductions . In the `` real '' footage , cleverly split-screened in a way I have n't seen in a long time , Abbey Tyler is played by a disabled , sickly yet ominous Charlotte Milchard , a British newcomer.We are expected to fall for the premise that Nome is the alien abduction capitol of the world . We are also supposed to believe that Tyler is the brain who discovers all this resident alien evil . The trouble is that with all the star power here -LRB- Will Patton , a big favorite of mine , and Elias Koteas -RRB- the acting is lazy - 1st-take-crap , I call it - and , well , this chicken needs to rest . Not because it 's tired
 For God 's sake do n't waste your time on this movie . Like the Amityvill Horror and the Blair Witch Horror this was produced to make you think it is an actual story but it is not . Worst still , it is badly produced and badly directed . The acting is non-existent . Obviously the producers , director and the woman playing the `` actual '' Dr. Tyler believe that speaking in a monotone is acting . It was all I could do to finish the movie and wish I had n't Unlike the two mentioned , this one will not be around long enough for the admission that it is a fake . It is neither scary nor disturbing , it is too badly done to achieve either of those effects .
 Awful art direction , terrible acting , weak premise and inconsistent storytelling . Sickening overuse of blairwitch-cam . Overall a terrible restaging of the stargate plot . Leelu did okay except for some seriously awful writing and direction . YouTube they took my baby for all the impetus you need to move along .
 The background for the movie seems amazing . However i think there was a lot lacking from the actors , and I think they tried to make it more &#34; real &#34; by doing a sort of Blair witch rendition and then reenactment over top , which in my opinion made it seem kinda ridiculous . The insertion of clips messed with the flow of the movies unfolding events .
 This alien abduction film made me glad that I am a scholar of rhetoric . Jovovich appears at the onset sans character , informing the viewer that what follows is `` based on true events , '' but the names and the professions of those involved have been changed to protect their identity . Then in true Blair Witch style , allegedly `` true '' video recordings of psychoanalysis sessions as well as police dashboard cameras are interwoven into the film to add to the documentary-style feel . So the logical question becomes , `` why change the names if you 're going to show their faces ? '' Do n't care if I 'm a spoiler , but ai n't none of it real , folks . Through a bit of `` rhetrickory , '' the film can accurately be labeled as `` based on true events . '' There are people who have indeed claimed to have been abducted by aliens and portions of the film play out according to these reports.But the cases portrayed in The Fourth Kind never happened . Period . If it had , I guarantee that everyone would know about it by now because abduction researchers would finally have the hard evidence they 've been so sorely lacking for so many years . Do n't you believe it . Sensationalized , manipulative , and bereft of ability . It is inaccurate as documentary and ineffective as thriller . While I am not yet convinced of the phenomenon of alien abduction , please do n't anyone base their decision on the reality of the reports based on this movie.On the plus side , it was a nice touch to have the aliens speaking Sumerian . Ancient Astronaut theorists -LRB- which I am not , not really , anyway -RRB- have long held that humanity 's first recorded contact with extraterrestrials was in Sumeria . Having the language be the aliens ' own tongue was a bit of insight that I had not expected .
 Help ! The owls are coming ! The owls are coming ! If you are a brain dead moron , then you 'll be interested in this movie . Imagine if you will , aliens traveling hundreds of millions of miles across space only to sit on tree branches and scare people.Occasionally one of them stops hooting and decides to go inside the house and give the occupants a really goooooood scare . Of course nobody ever remembers anything and they have to be hypnotized into remembering the scary experience which invariably results in screaming , breaking of furniture , and the one I really love is when some dude levitated right off the bed.The video of the man levitating in the air would have been on CNN if it ever happened which it did n't . This is another one I love . The protagonist explains that the aliens sort of beamed her daughter up through the ceiling of the house and through the roof and took her away.If aliens had that kind of technology , then why would they sitting outside peoples houses pretending they were owls ? And if they could just beam people up -LRB- Scotty -RRB- , why would they waste time walking around scaring people . Are the sadists ? Why would n't they just pick some dude out in the country , beam him up quickly and quietly , do their thing , put him back and go . What 's with the scaring ? -LRB- Sells more tickets to stupid people -RRB- And finally , because I do n't want to wast anymore time on this , in the beginning of the movie the girl says her husband was murdered by someone stabbing him to death , and that she witnessed it . At the end the sheriff says , in the supposedly surprise ending , that he killed himself with a gun . Gee , I guess she really tricked the coroners office , all the police , the doctor who had to give the certificate of death , and everyone else who was surrounded with the death that he had been stabbed . You would think that detail might be important enough for the sheriff to mention to her at the inquest . I guess she had the `` Force '' at the beginning of the movie and used it to make everyone believe her husband was stabbed to death by a stranger when he actually shot shot himself . Where was Colombo when he was needed?To sum this one up , it 's one boring piece of coprolite . If you liked The Grudge , Blair Witch , and other assorted movies for the dumbed down generation , then you will probably love this.And the very , very , very final word on the movie is
 This film makes the `` Blair Witch '' look like an `` A '' movie . You should have had a clue when you see that the writer and the director are one in the same , Olatunde Osunsanmi , who was involved in the most horrendous abuses of the film industry . Unless he has deep pockets , someone is still funding him . Milla Jovovich can ruin her career if too many people see this film . This is a dead slow mocumetary.Abbey Tyler an Alaskan psychiatrist helps people realize that the owls in their lives are not what they seem . Then she must face her own big owl . Lots of screaming.Avoid even watching out of curiosity . It is too ridicules for words.The Shadow Men ~ Dean Stockwell
 It 's one of them flicks made with a hand held camera with anti-shake turned off.Please , invest 30 dol . in a tripod and stop this hand held nonsense .
 Despite being in love with Milla , I will punch her in the face if I see her for this movie . She comes out the beginning and lies to the audience . If you believe her lie then the movie is kinda interesting until you realize you 've been had . Their idea worked on me , but I 'm mad about it .
 If you think this is based on actual events , you have been tricked . Universal Studios had to pay damages because they filed false documents and set up false websites to `` enhance '' the audience experience for this movie . A little internet research shows that there is nothing real about any of this.That being said , I am still intrigued by this topic . If you just want to see a good horror movie , this is scary . But , if you want to learn more about alien abduction you will have to look elsewhere.Sorry .
 It has been 2 days since I watched it and other then some people getting really scared under hypnosis , a white owl and Milla Jovovich , I remember nothing about this movie . Maybe the `` aliens '' or the `` Men in Black '' came and wiped my mind so I could n't remember it . I think it is more likely the movie was so bad that my mind did me a favor and blocked it out .
 Should n't take longer to see this is fake . Even the controversy is fake , as I do n't see anything controversial about this .
 Warning to all you reviewers & viewers -LRB- especially all you night stressed Alaskan northerners -RRB- that dare to give our story one or fewer stars . We are watching and we might be a comin ' any night now . Yours , Al I. Enufo
 I could n't even finish this flick . It is actually worse than 2012 . I guess the Wood is beginning a new all time low for science fiction .
 The 4th kind is totally lame . It is a movie trying to claim its real documentation of alien abduction -LRB- though any sluething will show you this is not the case -RRB- . Yet the entire movie , you never see the UFO or aliens . Most alien abduction related films try and build suspense and climax until near the end of the movie , when you finally get to seethe aliens and or the UFO . Not this movie , you never see them at all . The entire movie is people acting scared under hypnosis . Why did n't they just make a movie based on an actual case?Whether you believe in Alien abduction or not , there is still a plethora of alien abduction cases in literature they could have used.The movie gets mired in plot devices that they insert but never fully build on , at all , such as the death of abigail tylers husband . They also go on a tangent about the aliens speaking sumerian and so forth , but they never give you any conclusion , there is no climax in this movie where everything feels resolved , AT ALL . They tried inserting too many plot devicesand never finished them.As I said earlier , any sluething would tell you this movie is a fake , but if you pay attention the movie contradicts itself many times . Furthermore , if you pay attention to the dates of the so called `` archived photage '' , they want you to believe this all happened in the span of a few days.Avoid this movie at all costs , its a collection of messy plot devices , unfinished ideas , and a unsatisfying ending that is n't really an ending .
 I have seen enough of `` Paranormal Activitie '' and `` Paranormal Entity . '' They could have done this like a movie with the levitating and/or posession stuff being acted out . It was annoying with the split screen acting and intereviews . Hopefully they will make a remake of this one and show everything . I am so disappointed that the best parts of the movie were blocked out with fuzz and screaming . What a waist of money all the way around .
 `` The Fourth Kind '' is easily one of the dumbest movies I 've ever seen . Do not waste your time with this FICTIONAL film . It 's `` based on true events '' stuff is totally bogus . I actually knew this ahead of time -LRB- and do n't believe in the UFO sightings anyway -RRB- , but it did n't matter . The movie is so stupid , so irritatingly dumb that even if it were completely true , I would still have been bored to death .
 Maybe honor is just in too short a supply these days . I believed Mila Janovich or whatever her name is at the beginning of this movie . She said it was based on something that actually happened . I would not have even watched `` The Fourth Kind '' otherwise . I believed there was actual footage in the movie , and it scared the living daylights out of me.To find I had been duped , and that the production company had to pay thousands of dollars for creating false obituaries and the like was very disappointing . In the grand scheme of things , it 's not a big deal , but I do n't appreciate this kind of duplicitousness , and wo n't watch anything that involves this cast and crew , if I can help it , ever again.The weird thing is , it was n't necessary to lie like this . There is plenty of evidence out there of very strange goings-on that are scary as hell .
 Its amazing what you can do with cheap camera tricks and a psychotic women . They seem to have a lot of time on their hands in Alaska ... nuff said
 So glad I saw this movie . It 's given me the inspiration to finish my own movie on the great government cover-up over New York City , and the fact that the city is really a space vehicle made up of a cheese-like substance from the planet Zarcon One.The fact that so many people do not think that the director 's use of fictional archive footage is n't a dismal addition to the sci-fi canon and demeaning to the audience 's intelligence , inspires me that I , too , can make money this way . As Mencken said , `` Nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American public '' .
 I should have just tossed my money out the windows . One special effect and that was talking real low and soft then crank the sound up to 10 .
 where do i start about this terrible moviefirst saying that a movie is a true story and based on real eventsis really low and its really offensive to the people who actually lost a personand putting an actress as the real abigail without even putting her name in the creditsis as low as it getsthe actress who supposed to be the real abigail has actually performed wellbut the story is not convincing at all and there is a lot of goofs and mistakes in the moviethat its hard to mention all of themi used to respect universal pictures and it was my favorite studio actuallybecause they gave us focus features with its awesome movies but after thatno more universal for me and i suggest people do the sameso the studio could learn to respect the feelings of the people who actually lost a personand second the studio should respect the viewers and do n't use made up stuff and say its realits just unethical to say the least
 Total horse poo . This is the movie equivalent of baloon boy . Dont waste your time or money
 ` The Fourth Kind ' is as poorly executed a movie as any I have ever seen . An utter waste of time and effort .
 I wanted to like this film . You just ca n't trust those trailers.I felt I was watching a poorly made TV show intended for a low IQ audience , and felt embarrassed for Will Patton and Corey Johnson . Patton and Johnson give this film its few best moments , but the highly-touted `` actual footage '' is lame and unconvincing , and , of course , the police car video camera footage always distorts with unexplained interference when you might actually see something.When , oh when , will we ever see convincing photos or video of UFOs ? If you want creepy and scary alien abduction , forget this turkey and watch `` Fire In The Sky '' .
 The movie was not as good as I thought it would be . Reading some reviews seemed that the movie would be good but I would not recommend renting this movie . I thought I was going to see some cool ET effects but it did not deliver any .
 Although I had somewhat high expectations for this movie , it did n't even qualify as mediocre . It is quite evident that the `` real footage '' is n't really real at all , the `` story '' , if you want to call it that , it bunk , and the movie overall is very slow . And I wo n't spoil it , but the ending just kinda leaves you thinking , `` OK , now what 's your point ? '' I 'm very critical of movies , but I can usually see past the flaws of them and at least appreciate them as entertainment , but not this . I legitimately thought that this movie was a complete was of 98 minutes of my life , and $ 20.00 out of my wallet . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I love sci-fi movies , and maybe I would have liked this one better if I had n't purchased it on the advice from a friend that this was based on true events . It is not . It 's another one of those productions like ... I ca n't remember the names of those movies . But , it 's an ok movie , nothing that I would recommend though .
 i can not give you a review of something that has not arrive jet , its taking to long , where is my movie?when you are going to sent it ? what 's taking so long ?
 A good cast starring Milla Jovovich and the venerable Will Patton.Half way through you 're OK . But then it gets weaker and weaker until you find no end to `` The End '' . At least not in the traditional Horror , Sci-fi genre . It 's as if the director ran out of money and used a lenghty on-screen script to finalize his endeavor . The audience is left hanging with quite a bit of unresolved situations previously introduced . No resolve!The cinematography is awfully pale considering the location.The sets are droll.If you 're going to do a `` true story '' piece you had better be right on or at least introduce a bit more melodrama to even the score .
 This movie is a fraud.I did some investigating and uncovered the truth behind the story . Dr. Abigail Tyler does n't exist -- the woman claiming to be her in the movie is an actress . The `` actual footage '' is staged -LRB- though admittedly it is the most engaging part of the movie -RRB- . The truth is that the `` actual events '' that inspired this movie are nothing special . The filmmakers took the concept of `` Lots of people disappear in Nome , Alaska -RRB- and wrapped their own story around it . It 's no different than if I went into my refrigerator and my last soda was missing . I could make a movie about it where an octopus crawled out of my sink and stole it and claim it was based on `` actual events '' -LRB- those being that my soda is missing -RRB- even though the truth is really that my idiot roommate took it.This movie exists in the weirdest cinematic purgatory that I 've ever seen . It 's a strange brew of this-is-real-no-wait-it 's - a-movie , all of which is prefaced by a weird mini-monologue by Milla Jovovich that sets the stage for this clunky deception.Had this movie been another mockumentary composed of just the `` actual '' footage a la the Blair Witch Project or Paranormal activity -LRB- or maybe structured more like `` The Last Broadcast '' -RRB- it could have been a solid piece of entertainment . Instead it 's a colossal failure that will do nothing but set legitimate UFOlogists back even further .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . If this is supposed to be a true story then it was badly represented . After all the hype about extra terrestrials , they presented absolutely no evidence and made this into a movie about a woman that appearred to be nothing more than a lunatic . It is too bad that the celebrities that put their names to this did nothing more than make themselves look stupid .
 I bought this off iTunes and almost failed to back it up on purpose , now they allow redownloading purchases to yeah . I AVOID watching this it 's so bad . Prior to viewing i thought it 's got Milla it ca n't be bad , it 's so bad ... simply the worst alien encounter type movie imaginable . The most disturbing thing about it is the creepy bug-eyed lady playing the actual person the story is based on , or the actress ... whatever , it 's just horridly bad.I only own the dvd , but i doubt HD would make this any better .
 Designed for the gullible and the easily impressed , `` The Fourth Kind '' -LRB- as in `` Close Encounters of ... '' -RRB- is an alien-abduction tale that is long on gimmickry and contrivance and short on credibility and suspense.Milla Jovovich plays a hypnotherapist in Nome , Alaska , who , in 2000 , allegedly discovered that some mighty strange things had begun happening to the residents of the town , incidents very possibly extraterrestrial in nature . The movie mixes re-enactments of the events at the time with audio and video recordings purportedly showing us actual , first-hand accounts of those events - although anytime anything of any real interest or significance starts to occur , the sound and images conveniently go to static.Directed by Olatunde Osunsanmi , this warmed-over serving of `` Chariots of the Gods '' foolishness - combining ancient Sumerian dialects with invasive body-cavity probing - is strictly for the tin-foil hat crowd .
 There have been several movies in recent years that have done a decent job presenting fictional stories as documentaries but this is n't one of them . For starters , Mila Jovovich opens the movie with a monologue as herself -LRB- `` I 'm Mila Jovovich ... '' -RRB- stating that the footage we 're about to see is real - that 's an unethical stunt . It 's one thing to present documentary style footage and lead the audience to buy into what they 're seeing -LRB- Blair Witch Project , Paranormal Activity , etc -RRB- , it 's another thing entirely to make a statement that it 's real when it 's not . I question Mila Jovovich 's integrity for even attempting such a deliberate deception . Even knowing it 's fake before watching did n't alleviate my ire watching them present this fictional work as real .
 Why I gave this release a 1 star review , and would give it a zero star review if it were possible.These 10 episodes were shot in HD widescreen.What is A&E ; / Warner Brothers Home Video giving us?Two DVD flipper discs -LRB- discs that have the program on both sides of the discs -RRB- . Why do n't you just give us DVD-R burned discs instead if this crap?Excellent show - but no sale here until A&E ; or Warner Brothers give us a simple blu-ray release , oh , and guess what , it does n't even need to be remastered or anything for the blu-ray format since the show is only a year old!Warner Brothers idiot department strikes again .
 I really did n't enjoy this show much . The scenery is beautiful , but the first episode pretty much scared me off of this show . I would think they had fact-checkers or editors for some of the plot points , but they were missing in action .
 Did n't you loveNo Country For Old Men ? The story . The characters . It was all so nuanced and unpredictable . So violent and yet so humane . Awesome film.This is n't that.Of course No Country For Old Men was a movie and this is a TV series . And Robert Taylor is no Tommy Lee Jones . But c'mon guys , Longmire feels like the missing season of Walker , Texas Ranger . Generic biker gangs . Stupid bar fights . Stoic Native Americans . I suggest the producers subscribe to a few seasons of HBO to see how much more sophisticated TV has become in 15 years .
 The American Humane Association , which is the source of the familiar disclaimer `` No animals were harmed ... '' -LRB- the registered trademark of the AHA -RRB- began to monitor the use of animals in film production more than 60 years ago , after a blindfolded horse was forced to leap to its death from the top of a cliff for a shot in the film Jesse James -LRB- 1939 -RRB- . Needless to say , the atrocious act kills the whole entertainment aspect of this film for me . I suppose one could say that at least the horse did n't die in vain , since it was the beginning of the public waking up to the callous and horrendous pain caused animals for the glory of movie making , but I ca n't help but feel that if the poor animal had a choice , this sure would n't have been the path he would have taken !
 Whatever significance this film has , it derives from the stellar cast . Tyrone Power and Henry Fonda do a credible job portraying Jesse and Frank James despite a screenplay that takes criminal liberties with the historical record . You may find it entertaining , but do n't come away from it thinking you 've learned anything useful about the James boys . The distortions become all the more shocking when you realize that there were still people alive in western Missouri who remembered the original people and events when this silly thing was released .
 I was expecting rich , vibrant Fox Technicolor , on a par with `` Drums Along the Mohawk '' , and I could have dealt with some flicker and with modest print damage , but right from the opening scene , it was clear that this film had not been restored , that the Technicolor strips were damaged , and that the colors were off -LRB- and almost non-existent at times -RRB- . As a result , I found it difficult to concentrate on the film ; I kept thinking of how bad it looked and how much better it might have looked had the money been put into some sort of restoration . I 've grown to have so much confidence in these Fox classics , and this is my first major letdown , so I 'm hoping `` The Return of Frank James '' will turn out alright -LRB- though I was so disappointed with `` Jesse '' that I 've toyed with the idea of returning `` Frank '' -RRB- . Anyhow , sadly , I have to advise against getting this unless you do n't care about the picture quality -- if PQ matters to you , you are bound to be disappointed .
 Knowing that 20th Century Fox IS capable of quality restoration , as proven in their 30 + Studio Classics Series , I was let down by the amature color reproduction of what should be the magic that film 's shot in technicolor produce . Of the two films from 20th Century , `` Jesse James '' and `` The Return of Frank James '' , `` Jesse James '' is so poorly transferred to DVD that I had to remove all color from my television calibration panel and then adjust the picture for the best quality b & w ; that my Sony is capable of.It is truly a shame when a company seems to arbitrarily decide to reproduce some classic films to their glorious original condition and then simply ignore others . In 1939 Tyrone Power was Hollywoods leading man . In The Mask of Zorro -LRB- Another 20th Century Fox film -RRB- the DVD transfer and restoration by 20th Century Fox was excellent . This is a sham and an insult to technicolor 's genius . Those who enjoy film do not simply consider the plot to be the only critiera by which a film is enjoyed or judged . All elements of making a film from lighting , to composition , to color , sound , etc. . all play a part in a film 's drama.BUT NOT IN THIS PATHETIC LONG AWAITED TECHNICOLOR CLASSIC . I would not have purchased this film if I had known that it would look as if it had been stored in a cardboard box along with all the color family photos that now have a pale cyan/magenta cast , no detail in the shadows and an overall reproduction that makes most of the photos and film look as if it were shot at night . `` The Return of Frank James '' is still presented in rather good Technicolor -LRB- not its best either -RRB- . The stories , no matter how historically fictional they may be , are sheer Western fun.But that fun is diminished when the visual presentation of the stories are so poorly presented that one has to wonder if consistency of quality is a commitment by 20th Century Fox . You may want to think about buying `` Jesse James '' if you are a true film buff but if you still want another Tyrone Power classic for your DVD collection , remember you will probably have to remove ALL color and enjoy it in b & w ; .
 I 've watched a lot of Improv -LRB- both taped and live -RRB- , and I was willing to give this guy the benefit of the doubt . By the time he 's done busting the crowd 's chops , the `` comedy '' he started doing was really lousy . Bad delivery of average concept jokes ... nothing impressive . I 'm so glad I did n't waste 30 minutes of my life with Jimmy Pardo 's Comedy Central special .
 I 'm not a big Doris Day fan , but I thought I give the set a shot . Thought Love Me or Leave Me was excellent , Calamity Jane was very good and even Lullaby of Broadway and Young Man with a Horn were n't bad , but the rest were sickenly sweet . I thought Jumbo and The Pajama Game would NEVER end . Even Jimmy Durante could n't save Jumbo ! And The Glass Bottom Boat was n't even worthy of the Three Stooges . The good news was I was able to sell 5 of the movies on Amazon , kept three and even made a profit by selling them individually so the box set did n't cost me anything and I made a few bucks on Doris too !
 Great movies purchased as a gift for my dad ... too bad they do n't track.We went through two sets and found the second set no better than the first .
 I 've only seen the trailer and to me , this looks like a dumb kids movie . Also , thief , thief , thief !!! In the trailer , Ice Cube is standing in the middle of the road . It looks like he 's going to be hit my a truck because two headlights are coming right towards him . It turns out the headlights were from two motorcycle that passed him on each side . Buster Keaton did that in one of his shorts . Much funnier , in my opinion , when the great stone face did it .
 I am so tired of all of these cookie cutter movies and what I mean by that is that they all have the same story and same predictable ending . The girl is attractive , the girl has kids , the kids do n't want mom dating anyone else . They fight every guy that comes to date mom , but this one guy -LRB- Ice Cube -RRB- wo n't go away and then there is some additional drama in between and happily ever after . Blech ! This movie was just silly . 1/4 of the way through the film I was bored , 1/2 way through the film , I was ready to shut it off , but I figured since I spent 1 hour of my time , I may as well finish it . This movie was just silly because there is no way on earth that any man would put up with those little whiny brats that long.A good film endears you to the characters that way you can feel their pain and empathize , but these kids were terrible brats from the beginning and I just got more disgusted by their antics as the movie went on . All the money the man spent on that car and the brat puked all over it and made him run off cliffs , and the deer scene was just ridiculous.Then the girl did a very bleak performance of RESPECT . Ugh ! The irony of it is that that child had no respect for anyone so she had no business singing a song called RESPECT . That was so stupid to chose that song for her to sing.I know it sounds like I am on a tirade , but I just ca n't stand this movie . It is just one of the worse movies I have spent my time watching . In my mind I was like `` Is It Over Yet ? '' It was not enjoyable and the kids just made me mad cause the things they were doing were just so darn stupid . I know that in real life , kids do act out but it generally is n't funny when they do it . It is n't funny in this film either .
 This is a movie with no plot or story . It is boring and impossible to watch without sleeping . Ice Cube acts like a child in this horrible movie . It is mainly about kids being horrible to Ice Cube when he is just trying to get them to their mother.The kids act like brats , if they were kind in the movie then it might have a chance of being rated 1 and a half stars.By , Victoria
 What happened , Mr. Cube ? You went from doing fabulous films like ` Boyz In The Hood ' , ` Friday ' , and ` Barbershop ' to pathetic junk like ` XXX 2 ' and this steaming pile of doodie named ` Are We There Yet ? ` This movie is pure rubbish . Ice Cube is a `` playa '' who 's trying to pick up some lady with two kids , who happen to hate any man that tries to date their mother . It just so happens that Cube hates kids but he has fallen in love with this lady so he 's gon na make an attempt . For some stupid reason or another , he 's got to drive this lady 's two bratty kids cross-coutry . And wackiness ensues ... His new SUV gets smashed up a hundred ways by these wacky kids , but along the way they get to know and like each other . It makes you want to puke . And do n't even make me talk about the stupid talking bobblehead doll ... god , I hate this movie.Ugh ... this entire movie is pretentious , predictable , and downright annoying . Ice Cube is just not cutout for this cutesy kind of kid movie ; he needs to stick to being a gangster and killing people . You 'll actually find yourself hoping thoughout the film that he 'll pull out a MAC-10 and just gun the brats down . The children are just so annoying that you will want to stab your eyes out . You 'll know the ending of this film before you even start watching it . Save yourself a couple precious hours of your life and skip this bomb .
 of money , of time . I did n't even finish the film . They should change the title to `` Is It Over Yet ? ''
 I first saw this film with my class on an after-school trip . I was reluctant to see it , because it would be a stupid film , and guess what ? I was right . I ca n't believe Ice Cube wasted his time and money on such a mediocre movie . It 's one of those movies showing the declining quality of the medium . I admit some of the jokes were funny , but the rest of the film just did n't make any sense . It does have a happy ending . In my opinion , Not happy enough to make up for a bad movie . If I could , I would shout `` It Stinks ! '' a ` la Jay Sherman , out loud in the theatre . Do n't watch this . Instead try one of many of Pixar 's finest .
 Watching this movie with kids was n't pleasant to me . Naming the film `` Are We There Yet ? '' does have a clever title , but that 's the only good thing about the movie that I like . It 's an absolutely torturous road movie which has got to be one of the worst films made in recent years , I now understand why it took me so long to see this family film . Basically , Nick , played by Ice Cube , gets a crush on a single mother , only they more or less develop a platonic relationship instead . She has two demon children who do n't want her to date there mama.They are clearly selfish and generally terrible monsters . They barely seem to have a shred of decency , meaning that any children in the audience wo n't identify with them . This is a huge problem . Unfortunately , none of the characters in this film are at all likable , except maybe Nick . It was very obvious that the jokes were forced too . Poor old Nick offers to drive the children across the country in his new car as a huge favor for the mother . Huge mistake . Here begins a part of the film even worse than the beginning where everything that could possibly go wrong goes wrong . Bad things happen to Nick , his car starts to become a wreck , and this is supposed to be funny ? In order to make people like this silly sort of humor , you need to make sure the children are sweet , and those being beaten up are bad -LRB- see `` Home Alone '' -RRB- . In this case , two demons are ruining things for a generally nice guy doing good deeds - and although he probably wants to get inside their mother 's pants , he is n't a nasty person . There is a part where Nick gets bashed by a deer - the thing is so obviously computer-generated , and Ice Cube 's reactions are so over-the-top , it is extremely painful to watch.If I was their mother -LRB- or Ice Cube -RRB- I would definitely be teaching them a thing or two about respect and there is no way they could have pulled the stunts they did . Avoid this movie at all costs especially to parents , makes no sense on filling there heads with this nonsense .
 This film was right down there with the worst movies I have ever had the misfortune to view . My constant reaction to each additional assault on my entertainment receptors was `` is it finished yet ? '' -LRB- please !!! -RRB- . If my kids had enjoyed I could easy forgive this as I am obviously not the target audience , but they did n't wait for the finish -LRB- chores were more interesting -RRB- .
 That 's what movie fans will say when they see this film . This makes Mr.Nanny look like Citizen Kane -LRB- The 1941 film -RRB- . At least when Mr.Nanny did the Home Alone Slapstick , it was still popular at the time but when Are We There Yet ? did it , it was made in 2005 when the Home Alone slapstick was old and dated . They also ruined Ice Cube . He use to be the bad boy of the N.W.A rapping group then he turned into a slapstick goof in this film . The acting and 99.9 % of the movie is cartoony and over-the-top . It might been passable in the 1980 's or even the 1990 's but that -LSB- bleep -RSB- wo n't fly in the 2000 's . I give this -LSB- bleep -RSB- a 0 out of 10 .
 Ice Cube is right on as an actor . I thought he was just another tough guy wan na be as he started off in music -LRB- and let 's face it , for rap music all you have to do is rhyme and get a producer with a good dance beat plus a video and you 've got it made -RRB- , but I see his real talents are in his acting . He actually has a flare for being the underdog , the everyman who you root for even when he gets kicked around.This movie , however , did n't make the most of his talents . The story had potential for a madcap adventure . The kids , unfortunately , were the biggest problem . They were just plain annoying . They were mean , calculating , and were n't even cute enough to make anyone in the audience go `` Awww , are n't they cute ? '' . If I were him , I 'd say forget it and dump them at the next toll booth .
 `` Are We There Yet ? '' has a clever title , but that 's the only good thing about the movie . It 's an absolutely torturous road movie which has got to be one of the worst films made in recent years . Basically , Nick , played by Ice Cube , gets a crush on a single mother , only they more or less develop a platonic relationship instead . She has two demon children who do n't want her to date anybody . They are selfish and generally terrible monsters . They barely seem to have a shred of decency . none of the characters in this film are at all likable , except maybe Nick . Poor old Nick offers to drive the children across the country in his new car as a huge favour for the mother . Huge mistake . Here begins a part of the film even worse than the beginning where everything that could possibly go wrong goes wrong . Bad things happen to Nick , his car starts to become a wreck , and this is supposed to be funny ? The only thing amusing in this film was when Nick referred to Suzanne as a `` breeder '' and when that annoying Hamster Dance song came on . As annoying as that song is , you ca n't help but smile.Watch this movie and you 'll probably want to take a vow of celibacy .
 I do n't usually review movies , but the odious nature of this dvd has so moved me that I felt it necessary to throw an advisory out to the general public to avoid this movie , and perhaps inspire people to question how in the world movies like this ever get made.My primary issue with this movie is the awful behavior of the kids in the movie . Brats of unparalleled measure , these kids are sadly typical of the kind of child we often see in movies , tv shows , and even commercials . The all-knowing brash child devils and their hapless parents is a formula that has become standard fare in Hollywood . Since when did children become so smart and parents such fools ? As a public school teacher , I can tell you that the attitudes expressed by the children in this movie have spread to children and parents of an entire generation . It is n't a case of the chicken or the egg , I place the blame squarely on Hollywood and its stunningly powerful influence of people . My wife and I both painfully sat through the 95 minutes of hell this movie delivers and actually found ourselves satisfied when the children learn their dad is a big liar . The moment of truth in the movie wherein the viewer is supposed to understand why these hellions are the way they are had the reverse affect for us . We were happy that these horrible characters had finally reaped what they 've sown.Reviewers claim that their kids liked it , and perhaps that 's the problem . Children in control , parents floundering and having to endure outright cruel and demented behavior , and a feel-good ending ... what kid would n't like this ? Yet , in an era of overly protective attitudes regarding children , we allow this trash into our living rooms and laugh it up with our kids . There is n't a moment of respect , apology , or even the slightest remorse from these brats , and yet , it all works out well in the end . Life lessons ? Given the state of children 's behavior today and the utter ignorance and excessive tolerance levels of their parents , -LRB- been to a restaurant , shopping center , or playground lately ? -RRB- I guess I should n't be surprised .
 Synopsis
 That can be the only reason why he would star in this thing . Ok , Ok , Ok , I will admit that this `` movie '' might be funny for little kids . Very little kids ... who ca n't reach the DVD player to turn it off ... However , if you 're an adult with a properly functioning brain and you thought this movie was anywhere near funny , you should just go jump out of the nearest window.Seriously , we need to stop going to the movies and supporting this junk . Movies like Kangaroo Jack and Are We There Yet ? make lots of money at the box office , yet quality kids flicks like The Iron Giant and The Nightmare Before Christmas get shafted at the theaters . That reflects on the moviegoing public for not doing their homework before going to see a movie with their own kids.There 's a lot of inappropriate humor that is n't even humorous in this pile of crap . I feel sorry for Ice Cube , Nia Long and Jay Mohr . Why even bother ? Were they really that starved for cash ? Or did they have a whole bunch of people say `` you know what , I think you should star in a lowbrow kids comedy that makes you look like an idiot with lots of bodily function humor . It 'll be great ... '' Yeah , right ... The plot is n't even important in this waste of time . Even if someone runs up to you in the street and shouts `` Hey , I 'll give you ten bucks to watch this movie ! '' you should still consider it very very thoroughly . Your brain depends on it ... Bottom Line
 or you 'll dread it 's stupidity . there is a strong message throughout the film about the kids being able to accept a new man in their life . Ice Cube is quite good in this role , I was impressed ! However , I do n't consider making faces at the camera acting . heck , i could do that . yes , I 'm talking about the boy in the film . the director does n't even let him act so how are we supposed to like him ? & yes , I think this movie is a little cruel at points and I dreaded it for that . it stopped being a fun film and instead just became a dull & hated film . I give points for effort , mostly on Ice Cube 's part ! but this film is awful . it has nothing that stands out , the message could 've been delivered better , though I do like the fact that it did have one ! so it was n't completely pointless , I just felt it could 've been done in so many better ways . I thought this film was a major let down and I would n't recommend it to anyone ever .
 Okay ... this movie stunk on ice . The plot gets all twisted out of shape later on , and you 're wondering , `` Wait , I thought they were somewhere else ! `` The basic story
 ... so the movie 'd end faster.Okay , Ice Cube ca n't act for his life . Neither can kids . And the screenwriters think video games are rated `` G '' . Do n't even get me started on the bobblehead .
 First of all those kids were just so annoying . Ice Cube should have left them on the side of the road for a wolf pack . Did they really have to fill up another 5 minutes of time by letting that girl sing ` Respect ' ? I 've heard American Idol rejects on crack who sing better than that . The little boy was uglier and even more annoying than the kid on Bernie Mac , and that 's really saying something . This movie made me nautious . It has little entertainment value , is absolutly unbelievable -LRB- even for a comedy -RRB- , and the acting is so dry and wooden , I was surprised nothing caught fire . Awful awful movie . Dig my eyes out with a plastic fork from Wendy 's before subjecting me to this again .
 When our youngest grandchildren , aged 6 to 10 , stay overnight , we sometimes try to find a video that they all can enjoy . It is not getting any easier . `` Are we there yet '' was yet another movie about and for children that , in my opinion , failed miserably.I think that children -LRB- in the audience -RRB- like to see children -LRB- on the screen -RRB- be independent , take charge , and so on . But the writers and directors seem to think that the only way to do this is to take the situation WAY over the top . And by that I do n't mean just `` unrealistic '' but viciously unrealistic.Movies can have troubled children as part of the story but to show kids directly causing near manslaughter -LRB- or laughing at it when it just happens -RRB- is sending a terrible message.Just to keep the bad writing intact , they make the adults as near-morons . If a truck driver seriously thinks children in the adjacent lane are in jeopardy , does he really think that he is `` helping '' by trying to force the car off the road?Children that are 12 years old now are genetically the same as children of a generation or two ago . If they have become jaded and EXPECT this kind of behavior onscreen I blame fully the producers and the writers . And if life imitates art , which seems to be happening , parents might want to take a look at some of these PG movies.The children in this movie are not completely original to this generation . Back in the 50 's , Danny Thomas had a TV program `` Make Room for Daddy . '' Rusty , his son , talked to his dad in a way that would never have been tolerated in most homes then . But it seems that his personality has been the one to win out in so many movies lately.I 'm not saying that the writers have to make clones of Oppie Taylor , the Boxcar Children , or Tom Swift , Jr. . But they might want to look into those fictional lives and see how they resolved problems great and small without their causing somebody to fall in a manner that would put that person in a wheel chair for life . And then laugh at it .
 okay , this show may be great for little kids , but personally I thought it was incredibly stupid . Let me give you a taste of some of the incredibly mindless drivel this movie contains
 Just because ` Are We There Yet ? ' reached the No. 1 of box office , and gained more than $ 80,000,000 in US does n't mean that this awful film deserves such attention . Revolution Films must have thought this could be a great family-oriented film -LRB- with the director of two filmed ` Flintstones ' and ` Jungle All the Way ' -RRB- . OK . But if you please , read the following synopsis , and imagine what kind of picture you and your kids will be watching.First meet Ice Cube as Nick , owner of successful sports memorabilia shop . Nick is a avowed child-hater , and ladies ' man too . But we are supposed to like him , and surprisingly Ice Cube does the job fairly well . And another romance starts between Nick and Suzanne -LRB- Nia Long -RRB- , single mother , slightly workaholic , who has two children . -LSB- THESE KIDS ARE SO ... -RSB- Now meet the most obnoxious kids in the film 's history , Lindsey and Kevin . Now I tell you , these spoiled kids are so determined to do whatever is possible to frustrate the fledging romance involving their mom . So little Lindsey sticks out her tongue , speaks back strongly when spoken to , and never loses chance to humiliate Cube 's character verbally while her little brother Kevin is so intent on breaking things , grumbling about everything , and humiliating Ice Cube like his sister.And they must travel 300 miles together for the reasons so contrived and unbelievable that I can not write it here . All I can say it is not ` Planes , Trains & Automobiles . ' If I remember correctly , John Candy was never responsible for the total destruction of bran-new SUV , and Steve Martin never fought a deer with bare hands . Remember , Ice Cube fights one , not ` hunt ' . The kids here are all unlikable , who are having fun playing mischievous pranks on an adult who thinks he had to endure all of them . Their mom is equally off-putting , behaving annoyingly , using her love 's heart not to lose her job . But at the end of the journey , there is a predictable and obligatory feel-good moments in which the characters confirm the value of family , and the bond between each other . My advice
 If I was gon na recommend this movie Ice Cube would be the only reason . He has charm in the movie . He 's the only charm the movie has . He gets used by a pretty women for rides to work . Then when her ex husband wo n't take the kids . Ice Cube volunteers to take them to see their mom at some party . When one of them makes sure they ca n't get on the plane . Ice Cube trys to get them on a train and they ruin that as well . So he drives them in his favorite new truck and they destroy that too.Through most the movie they do horrible things and act the way an evil kid would in an horror movie . Then the movie trys to put them over as cute and harmless in the 2nd act and that does n't work at all . Then after all he went through with them , the mom treats him like crap when he finally gets there . Ice Cube plays the most patient guy in the world to put up with that % ## and her evil kids . If the script was better Cube could pull off a kids movie . He 's certainly better here than Vin Diesel was in the Pacifer . Ice Cube is the only reason to actually sit through this .
 Oh okay , I may have smiled once ... with the ending credits . Though the previews looked sort of promising , this movie is absurd without being funny , illogical without being clever and so chock full of cliches and bad acting that the camera itself seems uncomfortable . To top it off , a large part of the movie seems like a paid advert for the Lincoln Navigator . So the joke 's on us .
 This movie is A waste of time . An hour and Ahalf of my lifewasted.This movie is about A guy -LRB- Ice Cube -RRB- who 's A player and likes this girlbut her bratty snotty kids have A problemwith that so they try to practicly runhim over.If you like this movieI reccomend snow dogs .
 a mind numbingly boring and stupid supposed `` familycomedy '' about Ice Cube -LRB- Boys N The Hood , Barbershop -RRB- who is a playa who has his own sports collectibles shop and he gots the fresh new navigator with the spinners on it and he falls in love with Nia Long -LRB- Boiler Room -RRB- who has kids but he doesnt like kids and then to be a nice guy he takes the kids on a trip to see their daddy but along the way the kids have a way to sabotage the journey . who wrote this and why is Ice Cube , Nia Long and Jay Mohr -LRB- upcoming King 's Ransom , Suicide Kings -RRB- in it . were they all forced to their will ... was Cube forced to exproduce this , have his company in the credits and star in it and make himself look dumb ? I think this is bottom of the barrel ... if you call this family entertainment having the kids sprout words about intimacy while parents have their kids in the audience while Cube says damn , damn , damn a lot ... well ... then I guess its considered a funny movie ... I dont know . the situations are stupid , the acting extruciating and why did they have special effects ... WHY ?!!! the little bobble head Satchel Paige voiced by Tracy Morgan -LRB- Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back , Tv 's SNL -RRB- shouldnt of been in it ... what is the point to that ... I can go on but , there 's just too much idiotic and tasteless jokes in here to last you a lifetime . what a waste of my precious little time .
 This film is plainly marketed towards kids . It is kids who `` star '' in the movie . Ice Cube acts like a kid . There are more kids than adults throughout the course of the movie.Older kids -LRB- read
 In some sort of alternate universe where Ice Cube does ridiculously lame hack family feel good movies comes `` Are We There Yet '' , possibly the worst movie to come out of 2005 . The acting , plot , and overall concept is just so god-awful , a better title would 've been `` Please , Please God , is it Done Yet ? ''
 There is nothing wrong with a contrived conflict to move the plot along , especially in a slapstick kid 's comedy . However , if a movie is not really that funny , then contrived conflict is just another annoyance.In `` Are We There Yet , '' Ice Cube plays Nick , the owner of an upscale sports memorabilia store and a `` Playa . '' Nick is struck by lightning when he scopes Suzanne -LRB- Nia Long -RRB- across the street from his store , but is just as quickly turned off when he sees Suzanne 's two children , Lindsey -LRB- Aleisha Allen -RRB- and Kevin -LRB- Philip Bolden . -RRB- By chance , Suzanne 's car stalls on a deserted highway on a rainy night , and Nick gets the chance to get to know Suzanne as a person , not to mention to show off his new , tricked-out Lincoln Navigator . Lindsey and Kevin are convinced that their parents will eventually reunite , so the two do everything in their clever and bratty little heads to keep potential suitors away from their mom . However , when the children 's father is unable to take them , Nick volunteers to fly with the kids to Vancouver where Suzanne has a business event . However , after a series of unfortunate , unlikely , and manufactured events , Nick decides to drive the kids to Vancouver in the Navigator . Let 's just say things get ugly for Nick.In general , such an adventure will eventually produce either a likeable protagonist , moral transformation of the antagonists , or both . ` Are We There Yet ' fails to accomplish either . Nick is inconsistent in his approach to the Lindsey and Kevin , and he varies in his desire to strangle or to hug the two ornery little brats . -LRB- I ca n't say that I could have blamed him if Nick did actually strangle the kids . At least Nick would have gone to prison and the movie would have ended there . -RRB- Lindsey and Kevin themselves never really seem to get the point that treating other people , adults , like refuse is not the way to a happy ending . Even the happy ending was forced . ` Are We There Yet ' certainly had potential , however . Small roles for Nichelle Nichols -LRB- who portrayed Lieutenant Uhuru in the original Star Trek television show and films -RRB- as Miss Marble , the kids ' babysitter , Jay Mohr as Marty , Nick 's employee at the memorabilia store , and Tracy Morgan as the voice of the Satchel Paige bobble-head doll provided the opportunity for a lot of fun for both children and parents in the audience . However , very little of the characters ' jokes or personalities were very well developed , and thus fell flat . -LRB- Marty did have the line of the movie though . When talking with Nick on his cell phone during his trip through Hell after Nick endures yet another particularly difficult onslaught from Lindsey and Kevin , Marty quips , `` If the kids hate ya , ' Mommy wo n't date ya . ' '' -RRB- Even Nia Long 's character , Suzanne underwent a frightening transformation from a loving , potential love interest for Nick to some sort of shallow mega-bitch . In short , there is not much here . The silly , slapstick humor fell short . The kid 's behavior was not funny and a poor model for a young audience . ` Are We There Yet ' was simply all over the place and never quite went anywhere . I guess it 's better than Vancouver .
 `` Are We There Yet ? '' is a dopey , ill-conceived , one-note comedy that seems designed to turn prospective parents off childrearing forever.Nia Long plays a beautiful divorcee whose two obnoxious brats naively believe that some day their estranged parents will reconcile and they will be a united family once again . To this end , they devise elaborate schemes to sabotage her chances with any man unfortunate enough to show the slightest romantic interest in her . Enter Nick Persons -LRB- Ice Cube -RRB- , a child-hating bachelor , who falls for Suzanne but who balks at the prospect of taking on a ready-made family . Nevertheless , he reluctantly agrees to transport the children from Portland where they live to Vancouver where their mother is attending a convention . Predictably , the trip turns out to be a literal hell on wheels for the inexperienced , hapless young man , with the children creating serious havoc both to his person and to his psyche every step of the way.I suppose that small children may enjoy some of the antics contained herein , but no reasonable , thinking adult will derive even the teensiest kernel of enjoyment from this film . Hampered by its formulaic , cookie cutter plotting , the movie provides little more than an endless stream of inane pratfalls , potty humor and gross out gags , sinking so low as to include a talking bobble head doll and a boxing deer in a desperate effort to obtain laughs . The performances are poor across the board , but , in all fairness to the actors , one has to consider the material they 've been handed to work with before judging them too harshly . Ah well , at least the Northwest scenery is worth looking at .
 After trying 2 times to order this DVD , they could not get it right . Although I did get my money back , I had to go through the hassle of returning it and they still did n't correct the order . I would have to go back to the start and re-order hoping they can read . Terrible experience !!!!!
 We saw the move , `` Are We There Yet ? '' in the theater and really enjoyed it , so we decided to purchase this DVD . It would be a good movie for kids if not for the swearing and bad attitudes of the children in the movie . We probabbly will not watch the DVD again -LRB- at least not with kids -RRB- .
 it might sound crazy , but I truly beleive that Jerri curl era Ice cube could have pulled off this `` Be Be 's Kids '' attempted at fim making.How Cube gets over with these films sometimes I have no idea.Nia Long was looking good as usual.but she is wasted in this tacky turkey of a film.I give ice cube Pimp props for rolling the safe accessible films , because Bro Man ai n't slowing down on His Hollywood roll , but this was so cliched it was n't even funny . heck the first scenes jacked Home alone.I give Cube Parlay Props from rolling the Music Hustle & now the Movie Hustle , but in terms of Quality He is dropping skunks .
 It Waits -LRB- Steven R. Monroe , 2005 -RRB- I was just reviewing another Monroe movie -LRB- Ogre , above -RRB- , then I 'm paging through the headers of the movies I have n't reviewed yet , and I find another Monroe joint . So if you 've read that one , you probably have a good idea of how this review is going to pan out . I might as well just come right out with it
 B-movie horror actress/hottie Cerina Vincent stars in this low budget flick as a ranger who spends most of her days drinking herself to the point of passing out , in hopes of drowning her sorrows after being responsible for the death of her best friend . As if matters could ` nt get any worse , she comes across an acient creature that was once thought to only be a Native American legend , and being alone in the outpost , her survival instincts kick in when she realizes that she has only herself to take it on . Most of the movie is pretty much a bore , mostly since all our lead does is drink and whine about her problems . At one point a male counterpart steps into the picture only to offer a shpulder to cry on and some sexin it up.Throughout the movie we 'd get a kill her and there , but the action does ` nt really pick up until towards the end when our heroine the beast . When the creature was fully shown it reminded me of the monsterfrom Split Second an underrated film starring Rutger Hauer . By the look of the creature , you would ` nt have gussed it was a low budget flick , because instead of a cheap costume or fake looking CGI , we 're given a cool looking monster that can equal to something seen on a big screen production . The cinematography is n't bad and I have give credit that they really tried to pass this off as an above average DVD feature , relying mostly on performances and a story than blood and guts . We do n't get a lot of on screen deaths , but we 're at least treated to some decent look corpses . Aside from the annoying whining and rants from the heroine , the film is fairly decentin parts , especially when it came down to the creature . However , do n't expect a lot of action until towards the end .
 It Waits ? I can think of a similar , but more appropriate title for this film
 I never get tired of looking at Cerina Vincent . That alone earns it the two and a half star rating.Beyond that , not much to be desired . On a down note , Cerina as sworn off doing nudity , and that 's a damn shame .
 Going into this I was hoping to see some good old fashioned low budget B horror . When done right , a low budget film can be just a good as anything out there . Either they can turn out to be really solid well written works or be so bad that they are hilarious . This one was neither . It fell into that desperate middle spot where it was n't anything except boring . I really could n't even get any laughs out of it.The main character is played by the attractive Cerina Vincent who is primarily known for horrific acting and showing off her um . . expensive assests . She plays a park ranger who spends every waking moment hitting the bottle and staying depressed over her friends accidental death . While completely intoxicated she speaks with someone in her organization who informs her she will be on her own in the woods because they had to pull some of her back up . I could explain a little more of the story but I wo n't even bother . Bottom line is some creature starts tearing up people it finds throughout the woods and juggs with her terrible acting is the one who has to stop it . You barely get to see the creature and finally when you do you 'll wish you did n't . It looked like a rip off of the creature in Jeepers Creepers only much cheaper.I would say `` It Waits '' should wait on your list of films to watch . It has nothing to offer in the field of entertainment unless you are a big Cerina Vincent fan . Then you get to watch her run around in a nice white tank top a show while she is destined to be in these type films forever .
 It really does , this movie was terrible , Very bad acting , very bad direction and a slow boring plot . the monster looked silly and nothing special , the special effects were really bad , there was nothing professional about it , it was as if it was made by some amateurs . . a very low budget movie that really sucked . . It starts with an attractive forest ranger who is going through what seems to be an emotional trauma because she lost her friend in a road traffic accident , and she has feelings of guilt , then hikers start dissapearing and getting killed , and its up to this psychologicaly traumatized girl to save the day and face the demons of the monster !! so cliched ! and the directiong really sucked with the type of scenes when the monster attacks , you do n't really see it , but the director makes the veiwers as the eyes of the monster and you start seeing the victims running away from the camera . . very silly ! I actually could n't continue watching to the end , i really could n't and stopped after about an hour , but im guessing the ending would n't add much to this mess . . Just avoid this at all costs , if you really wan na watch a horror movie done right , watch one of the 2007After Dark Horrorfest 8 Films to Die For -LRB- Borderland / Unearthed / Tooth and Nail / Crazy Eights / Nightmare Man / The Deaths of Ian Stone / Lake Dead / Mulberry St. -RRB- . . they are all some what good , except for Nightmare man which also sucked !
 With such a great title this could have been a cool movie but it wants to be too many things
 Some monster chases some girl around in the woods . The scenery is gorgeous and the setting excellent ; one of those ranger towers way up above the forest canopy . Unfortunately , all the other reviewers are dead on when they say this thing is a Lifetime movie of the week . The main character spends the first half of the movie wallowing in a pool of self pity over causing the accidental death of her friend in a drunk driving accident . We get numerous flashbacks . All this crap has absolutely nothing to do with the plot of the movie , it 's just filler and tedius dreck filler at that . The theme music absolutely sucks - it would be more appropriate for a movie about a heroine addict slowly spiraling into oblivion.The movie gets better in the last half , but by then it 's way too late . The dialogue has a real TV show quality about it as well , witless and not at all realistic . I give it two stars for the setting and the hot babe , but it 's a complete failure as a horror movie . These people have no clue what they 're doing in this genre .
 It Waits is one of those modern day , low budget horror snooze fests that we 've been getting a lot of lately , and it 's abysmal from start to finish . Cerina Vincent -LRB- from Cabin Fever , whose large `` attractions '' are the only thing that 'll keep your eyes on the screen -RRB- stars as an alcoholic forest ranger -LRB- yes , you read that right -RRB- who gets stalked by a murderous , blood thirsty creature -LRB- because there are no other kinds -RRB- from Native American mythology that makes short work of her boyfriend and a few hikers . Normally , under the right circumstances , I try to be understanding of a low budget horror flick of this type , but everything about it so bad from the wooden acting , creaky attempt at giving Vincent a weak backstory , and the poppy soft-rock is about as welcome here as a claw in the guts . The gore and makeup are halfway decent , but that 's it . Beyond bad , avoid .
 The only way to acurately describe this movie ? a horror film pre-empted by a lifetime drama . This film dragged bigtime with some b.s. about Cerina Vincents characters guilt over a car accident she caused that kills her friend ... lush ! The amount of time spent on these flashbacks of drunken guiltiness has nothing to do with the problem at hand ; some supernatural creature killing everyone in the forest valley . I would have given this film another star if it had one of two things , more gore , or if Cerina vincent took off her top . Bottom line . . Dull .
 It Waits is a A Jeepers Creepers Carbon copy almost . it is a little scary and it 's not horrible but it kind of drags on and the monster could have been scarier .
 Predictable horror stuff
 I have no idea where the first two reviewers were coming from when creating their reviews . This short film could not maintain my interest . In three words `` IT WAS BORING ! '' I wish I could find some redeeming quality in this mini-movie , however , I can not . The acting was poor , the music was terrible and so was the sound quality . It was almost as though the movie makers forgot the point of the movie , so the direction was very scattered . Keep your $ 3.99 and put it towards a pack of gum or something .
 superficial , improbable , predictable ... this movie brings nothing to the lgbt milieu except two attractive actresses . many much better titles out there .
 I was hoping this film would succeed both because the subject needs further acceptance and because it 's good to see independent film makers following their dreams.On that note , the story lacked realism e.g. first , the opening scene where Jackie is verbally accosted because of her status and special room assignment - not likely from a dorm student manager and also when she gets the same treatment in study sessions from other students . In fact , practically all the interpersonal scenes not only rarely occur but seemed too artificially contrived to simply create tension and conflict for a movie effect . Second , the likelihood that a college prof could get away with sexual relations on numerous occasions with students nears the probability of a meteorite hitting this computer in the next thousand years . Third , even the rather quickly developing relationship was just not real especially for two highly educated people one of whom is essentially participating for the first time . Fourth , their love scene seemed to be made to pass possible censorship issues and for markability than for real romance - no chemistry . It actually seemed as if the actors were afraid to take their clothes off . Fifth and finally , the breakup scenes and reuniting scene seemed too scripted , again just to create drama in a story.Two stars only because of Sarah Stouffer 's naturalness.Whoops , my computer was just annihilated . Good thing I had a backup !
 I enjoyed this movie but it 's something Iwould rent not something I would buy had I seen it priorTo purchase ... . Do n't get me wrong it a great film from Wolfe VideoI love all if their productions but it just fell a little flat for my taste ... It started of amazing , held me at intrigue during the middle but just lostMe at the end ... It 's not your typical love stories but it 's good to see at least once ... The only thing that saved this movie for me was Allison Mcatee !! She is just a suburb actressAnd did an amazing job in this film ...
 Just a quick comment ... I 'm not a movie critic nor do I pretend to be one but this movie is so bad I decided I had to inform others . Sure , it 's great that movies for the gay community exist but ... this is just so bad on every level . Not even remotely believable ... the characters lack any depth whatsoever and there is no chemistry at all . Perhaps an attempt at re-writing the script , developing the characters , something , anything to make this slightly plausible . As is , a waste of time . Do n't bother .
 In my simple opinion , this was a 6minutes documentary made into a movie ... No build up and no conclusion just childish and undecided sex scene ... . Lucky it can be rented in USA , bought mine in UK and ready to resell for half price ... worst 2011 movie
 This is just another film in a long line of films that have come out lately that tries to redefine lesbian and sexuality . The hype and build-up of the story line led me to believe this was a lesbian film . Turns out it was n't . It was a bisexual film . Though I do not have a problem with bisexuality , I would LOVE to see a film about two women falling in love and NOT have one or both of them eventually sleep with a guy . It takes away the merit of the film , a lot like `` The Kids Are Alright . '' It seems film makers are trying to redefine sexuality as a whole and portray lesbians as really bisexual and just sleeping with women until a guy comes along . It 's insulting , degrading , and holds no merit . I would NOT recommend this film to anyone.The relationship between the women was not believable . They start out just glancing at each other in an office and then before anyone knew what was going on they were in a sexual relationship . There was no pretense that Jackie had attraction to women before hand yet seemed to fall into the sexual relationship with a woman very easily . The chemistry was n't believable either . Honestly , it creeped me out . The way the professor seemed to prey on this young woman just had an air of pedophilia . I head a lot of hype about this film on AfterEllen.com and the whole of the film just disappointed me . I would love to a lesbian film made by lesbians , starring lesbians , with a realistic feel like the webseries `` Girl/Girl Scene '' starring Tucky Williams . One day perhaps . But not while films like this one are still being made .
 This story of two bisexual - NOT lesbian - women fails to generate any romance between the two characters , and the mostly covered-up sexual encounters lack emotion , passion and sweat . The story of a university professor , Catherine , and the celebrity student she seduces , Jackie , is not only simple and the end predictable , but also lacks a foundation for understanding what the two found in each other that made it worth their jeopardizing reputations and professions . As for this film being marketed as a `` lesbian genre '' movie
 I so wanted this movie to be good.I always appreciate it when the effort is made to create lesbian-themed films . I buy them at pre-release to support the effort and when they 're good , like Nicole Conn 's `` Elena Undone '' , I tell everyone who will listen to see it.This movie , sadly , is just not good.The student female lead appears to be about 12 -LRB- okay , 12 is an exaggeration but young , really , really young -RRB- and the professor female lead appears to be -LRB- depending on the camera angle -RRB- over 30 . The professor is unlikeable throughout the whole film because their inappropriate relationship is based on power/seduction and not courtship-then-love . I did n't think there was any chemistry between the two leads and in one scene , when the professor leans over and cuts the food on the student 's plate , it was way too parental and not personal/intimate -LRB- which I 'm hoping was the director 's goal -RRB- . I thought the `` bed scenes '' were awful - not that I care to see lots of flesh , but during supposedly intimate encounters , neither woman removed their clothing.I suppose any lesbian movie is better than none . I look forward to the day when there are so many viewing options ; the market drives the makers to provide a better product . Until then , this stinko film is one of a very few current films available . Poop .
 I read the reviews , prior to renting this movie . Most reviews had the usual complaints of dialogue and sets , but no one talked about the actors , or the story line.I was hesitant , but thought that unlike `` Loving Annabelle '' , this would be a bit more `` adult '' , given the setting was a college and not a high school . Wrong ! The actress who portrayed `` Jackie '' looked like she was 12 , but supposed to be more like 20 . That was a bit creepy . I can think of a number of early 20 somethings who would look more like they were 20 , and not a 12 year old.Also , the character of Catherine was just plain predatory . While college professors are teaching adults , and therefore , it 's consensual , the character was on the hunt , and then acted like a 16 year old once they had hooked up.I agree with previous reviews that the ending leaves a lot to be desired , and was , quite frankly , unrealistic . If you 've ever set foot on a college campus , and have spent any time talking/socializing with the staff , the idea that 1 -RRB- this professor could hook up with freshmen semester after semester without any problems was a bit much and then , 2 -RRB- when she is `` caught '' , she is dismissed . Really ? What century is this?Is it horrible ? No . Is it good ? No . Worth buying ? Definitely not . Save the 20 bucks , rent it if you enjoy 2 actresses having sex that act and look more like mother/daughter then lovers . Bleah .
 With the high expectation of chemistry between the two main characters like those in Loving Annabelle , I was sadly disappointed . They sought no friendship before the teacher takes her home to bed - a scene void of intimacy , romance and skin . I watched it once and was so disappointed I immediately threw it away deeming it a HUGE waste of money . If you are looking for romance or chemistry , look elsewhere .
 Since the marketers have drawn parallels between this film and Loving Annabelle , -LRB- which in turn is an insult to the film Meadchen in Uniform -RRB- I 'll throw them both into the same bin and ask `` why is irresponsible , manipulative , co-dependent ` love ' considered sexy ? `` Now ... I totally get why * Allison McAtee * is sexy but while she is easy on the eyes , the character they 've asked her to play - with her mommy issues and her complete lack of self-concept outside of her relationships with teenagers - is downright creepy.Both films feature professional educators acting in ways that are far from professional . Both films promote immaturity , manipulation and self-interest over maturity , sacrifice and selfless respect . But since the films feature beautiful actresses with fabulous wardrobes in lush , soft lighting -- and since one of them asks the other -LRB- oh-so sincerely -RRB- to `` say stop '' if their first sexual encounter is uncomfortable -- we 're supposed to accept these relationships as `` meaningful journeys to self discovery '' ... or some such rot.Having said all that , I 'll partly answer my own question
 The acting , the direction , the sets , the casting ... all awful ! And in this case I believe awful is being kind . None of this story was remotely believable , and again whether you blame that on the acting , the script , the direction , the sets ... I do n't know . I normally do n't write bad reviews simply because I usually have better things to do with my time , but in this case I hope that the people involved with the making of this film actually read some of these and are motivated to get better.In what world would there be this ridiculously -LRB- former model -RRB- hot psych professor who is not a complete psycho interested in seducing her young students -LRB- Predatory , creepy uncle theme -RRB- , and some former child star -LRB- creepy child theme -RRB- put together to make anything but a creepy unbelievable storyline ? Really ? What were we supposed to leave this film with?There was no love , no seduction , no real ... story . And I agree 100 % with the other reviewer who commented on the cutting of the food scene ... took an already creepy idea into realms one can find no words to describe.Just awful , sadly like so many of these films are . If you want to watch a film that took real courage , had an amazing love story , and social message without being at all preachy watch Circumstance . It is amazing ! And sadly in this genre all too rare .
 do n't waste your money . this movie is painful to watch . and what a shame because there are so few lesbian films . the characters are one-dimensional . the story line is static ; in the first 6 minutes of the film , you will now how the rest of the movie will turn out . there is bad chemistry between the two protagonist . Also , the college kid seems like she is 15 years , which make one really uncomfortable bc the teach looks to be in her mid 30s . I kept waiting for the film to get better but it did not .
 The film 's premise and setting hold much promise , and the two leads are very attractive , but I could barely sit through this film . The level of dialogue does n't go much beyond sarcastic , superficial Valley-Girl-ese . There is no believable caring or realistic affection between the two characters . At one point , an argument between them exposes so much contempt -LRB- especially from the older Catherine toward the younger Jackie -RRB- that the relationship could only be deemed as pathological.The most believable film featuring an attraction between a female teacher and her student is the 1994 Australian film , `` Only the Brave . '' That attraction is a secondary plot in the film , but it is potently-realized . In Bloomington , on the other hand , the relationship is vapid & uncompelling . Also , some major plot developments are inconsistent with prior plot information & seem haphazardly added for drama , especially Catherine 's fate at the end .
 I watched the previews , and my first impression was that this movie might be similar to Loving Annabelle , with a similar theme of a teacher and student falling in love with each other . I love movies set in a collegiate setting , as long as they 're not of the Animal House variety , and a college film with lesbians is right up my alley , but even in the previews there was something `` off '' about the relationship . I could n't put my finger on it , but I just did n't have a good impression about the teacher . I did n't like her , so I did n't watch the movie right away when it came out . Then I read some reviews that talked about how good it was , so I decided to give it a try . I made the unfortunate decision to purchase the movie , because it was on sale at a good price . Stupid me . Recommendation
 I would have given this one star , but Allison McAtee 's performance kicked it up one star . She gave a believable performance as the flawed college professor who violated ethical boundaries by sleeping with her students . Of course , if * I * had a college professor who looked like her , I would NEVER miss a class!Whoever cast Sarah Stouffer as a twenty-something college student needs to have their eyes checked . SHE should have been cast in `` Loving Annabelle '' as the high school student , because she did NOT look old enough for this role and it gave the entire storyline an incestuous twist . My friends , who watched this with me , kept murmuring `` mommy issues '' during every single scene between Catherine -LRB- the professor -RRB- and Jackie -LRB- the student -RRB- . As another reviewer stated , there are NO lesbian sex scenes between Catherine and Jackie -LRB- it fades to black each time -RRB- , which is actually a good thing , considering the `` mommy issues '' twist . Even though this was made by a lesbian , the two characters are NOT lesbians . There is implied heterosexual sex between Catherine and her male `` date , '' but I felt this was Catherine 's way of getting back at Jackie . At a party , a male classmate of Jackie 's kisses her , which was TOTALLY out of left field , and the next scene is Jackie getting dressed after having sex with the guy.Overall , if it were not for Allison McAtee , I would say I wasted my money on this DVD . I would NEVER recommend this to my lesbian friends , because I know they would be appalled by the `` mommy issues '' twist . If the lesbian sex scenes went a bit further , I WOULD recommend it to most of my straight male friends , because I KNOW they would get off on it.Unless you are a fan of Allison McAtee or have money to burn , do not waste it on this .
 I mean , the college girl looks so much like a child and the teacher is so predatory in the beginning , it kind of creeped me out . There was also pretty much no build up between the characters to support that they were in a relationship . What 's sad is that it 's still better than quite a few lesbian films out there , because of the film quality and the fact that the actors did n't totally suck . Still , if you 're going to compare it to the great lesbian movies , it just falls short .
 The Virginity Hit is a pointless documentary about a few teenage boys who attempt to get their one friend to finally lose his virginity . He has a girlfriend , but has n't made that one all-important move to the bedroom , despite being in a relationship with the girl for 2 years . From here , lots of twists take place , but almost none of them are interesting in the slightest.In fact , because of how cliched this plotline is , every single twist is a waste of time , just like the entire concept of the film.Anyway , the friends walk around with a video camera and , more often than not , spy on his friend while he 's attempting to get his groove on.I admit the boy on a quest to lose his virginity is a pretty good actor , which is why I 'm going to be generous and give the Virginity Hit a 2 star rating instead of a 1 -LRB- which is honestly deserves -RRB- . It 's typical teenage nonsense really . This is the kind of stuff that makes me extremely thankful I finally became an adult and regret the horrible way I was probably like back in the day -LRB- embarrassing to admit , I was n't much different from the teenagers in this documentary , and yes , that truly * is * something I strongly regret -RRB- . Avoid , because utter pointlessness takes up the majority of this failed experiment .
 This movie reminded me of Cloverfield , shot all with a hand-held camera that often was never stationary for more that a second . The `` plot '' was boring and predictable and was a reworking of plots from a mix of other teenage comedies of the last few years . By the end of the movie you ca n't wait to be done with the movie to make the money you paid to rent it not a complete waste .
 `` The Virginity Hit '' is a story of four boys getting together to assist one of them , Matt -LRB- played by Matt Bennett -RRB- , in losing his virginity -LRB- while filming it in the process -RRB- . It should be a simple task since he has been in a two year relationship with his sweetheart , Nicole -LRB- played by Nicole Weaver -RRB- . The two men responsible for bringing this to the big screen are the two writers/directors , Huck Botko and Andrew Gurland . Judging from the quality of the movie , they must have been on a shoestring budget.Overall , the movie script was predictable , the camera work was ala `` The Blair Witch Project '' and the acting was sub-par . I almost left the theater to go home and check my laundry , but I was waiting for the one redeeming quality the film had to offer
 I did n't realize that when I purchased this that it would be coming from the UK making it unreadable by DVD players in the US ! Money down the drain !
 This movie definitely had some amusing scenes , but overall it did not live up to my expectations . I think this is a case where I had heard too much hype about the movie before viewing it .
 This Film was not funny , It bored me and it just really was a waste of time . Not worth getting unless you have trouble sleeping ... then get this movie , it will put you to sleep faster than any sleeping pill .
 The DVD does n't work on our DVD player or any DVD players we tried it on . Very disappointed . This was a Christmas gift the first copy we received there was n't a DVD in it , it was empty . Had to return it and reorder from a different vendor . Now this vendor sends one that does n't work on any dvd player we 've tried . I 'm not returning it . It 's just not worth it .
 My friend and I rented this movie because the synopsis on tla releasing looked entertaining . However , she and my roommate and I were severely disappointed by the end . Despite that I really WANTED to like this movie , seeing as I like Chris Kattan and love Parker Posey , I regretted my chioce afterwards . I think Craig Chester made a valiant effort , but it did n't work out as well as I think it could have . For example , it 's not remotely funny that Parker Posey 's character continues to tell fat jokes about herself when she is no longer fat . There are parts of the plot where it did n't seem to be going anywhere . The situation with Adam 's family was unbelieveable and the conversation in the apt . between Posey 's and Kattan 's character made no sense to me . It felt as if the dialogue was trying too hard to be funny and none of it was . The only reason we laughed was because of how painful it was to watch the movie , especially after the gross cocaine scene . I really would not recommend this movie if you 're looking for a funny gay romantic comedy .
 There was something quirky about this movie at first , even after the initial nightmarish beginning scene , but soon it faded to a cartoon version of itself , particularly Adam 's family . What was that all about ? It turned a mediocre film into a just plain bad film . There were a couple of giggles mixed with the groans , but I 'd pass on this one .
 Curious . How can the previous reviewer write a critique of the film and point out the negativity of it and still give four stars . The film was shown in May , 2005 at The Seattle Film Festival . The audience seemed to enjoy the picture immensely ; 650 people were turned away from The Eqyptian Theatre on that hot Saturday afternoon . In `` rerunning '' the film one tends to believe the two leads were over-confident ; the plot was hum-drum , unbelievable and somewhat trite . Discussions with others bears this same trend . A plot for another film of this genre might concern a film producer in his early 30 's becoming overly impressed with his success to the point of no longer corresponding with his dad . Remember , boys and girls , `` no good deed goes unpunished . '' Not `` sour grapes , '' as in vino veritas , but a fact!The two leads in `` ADAM AND STEVE '' are too confident . The plot by the writer/director is trite , unlikely and boring . Cameos by some stars , including one time Academy Award nominee Sally Kirkland , do add a bit of glamour and camp to the obviously threadbare budget . This movie compared to Sundance Film Festival winner of 1999 , the British import , `` GET REAL , '' starring Ben Silverstone and Brad Gorton is apples and oranges . `` GET REAL '' has class , polish , skillful acting and handsome looking leads . Talent ? YES ! Why ca n't American filmmakers look to their English cousins for the secret of making such films . Inspiration ? Try watching either `` GET REAL '' or `` BEAUTIFUL THING . '' Save your money for `` ADAM AND STEVE '' and purchase these two cogent and enjoyable British lifestyles from two distinct class structures of Great Britain 's society . Attn
 I wanted this movie to be good , but boy was I disappointed . I 've seen home movies with more acting , plot and feelings . Parker Posey should be embarrassed that she was in it . Save your money . The one guy is kind of hot so if you 're looking for a butt shot , rent it and fast forward .
 this is a horrible movie . Ever since holy man Murphy has become a B grade actor . What a shame .
 This `` movie '' was n't even screened to critics prior to its release . It firebombed at the box office , incuring a huge loss for Warner Bros , which burned ... million to finance this film . Eddie Murphy has since distanced himself from the movie as far as he possibly could . Ask yourself
 First there was `` Howard the Duck ; '' then came `` Ishtar ; '' now we have `` The Adventures of Pluto Nash , '' a film so misguided in its conception and so ham-handed in its execution that it can take its rightful place among the great cinematic blunders of all time.At what point , do you reckon , in the course of making this film , did star Eddie Murphy , director Ron Underwood and the investors at Warner Brothers Studios realize what a monumental turkey they had on their hands ? In this classic misfire , Murphy plays a former smuggler turned nightclub owner who is being chased by a bunch of henchmen trying to muscle in on his scene . And , oh yes , did I forget to mention that this all takes place on the moon circa 2087 ? I kid you not . Well , all I can say is that `` Total Recall '' this is not.What all these people could have been thinking of when they sank their money , their time and , most important , their reputations into this hopeless enterprise is beyond mere mortal understanding . Suffice it to say that , with the exception of some outstanding art direction , set design and special effects , `` Pluto Nash '' is stillborn from the word go . The story is banal , the acting stilted , the humor nonexistent . Most shocking of all are the alleged `` action '' sequences , which look as if they were shot and staged by some precocious junior high school students working on a class project for extra credit . Murphy , Rosario Dawson , Pam Grier , Peter Boyle , John Cleese , and , above all , Randy Quaid - all fine actors under other circumstances - are made to look as ridiculous as possible , running around like mad trying to take all this seriously and pretend that they ARE N'T stuck in one of the legendary bombs of all time . It 's truly a painful and embarrassing sight to behold.Then again , how many actors can say they 've appeared in one of the classic movie boners of all time ? There 's immortality of sorts even in that , I guess .
 THE ADVENTURES OF PLUO NASH was an extreme disappointment . The effects and detailing of the production design were somewhat impressive but it lacked the most important element - a story . I do n't know what anyone was thinking they were making , but I did n't get it.The performances of Eddie Murphy , Joe Palatino and a few strange bit parts were extremely disappointing and not very funny . However , the standout performers in this film were a car with the personality of John Cleese -LRB- Monty Python -RRB- and Randy Quaid . Randy was the most interesting and funniest of the group . The characters overall could not help the lack of story this movie had.I can only remember one time I laughed out loud and that was when Eddie and his female lead were testing out new bodies . Venice Beach samples where he requested larger areas in his female partner . That was it . I would wait to rent this one . 8-20-02
 Did Eddie Murphy himself wrote the good reviews.Get back to being funny dude.Stop making these stupid movies .
 This film is so terrible that adjectives such as `` stinking '' and `` abomination '' flee for their lives when trying to describe its appallingness.But the worst thing about this movie is n't its total lack of humour , or the fact that the write-up on the back of the DVD would have you believe it 's the most hysterical work of comedy since John Cleese and company appeared , minus trousers , in the `` How to Spot a Mason '' sketch in Monty Python 's Flying Circus.A little note
 I like Eddie Murphy VERY MUCH , however this should have been kept on a shelf or released direct to video .
 * The Adventures of Pluto Nash * was an adequate way to pass some time , but hardly gripping . The humor was forced , the plot clich&eacute;d , and the acting tepid . So as not to sound completely negative , I admit that there are some genuinely entertaining moments and a surprise at the end , but the overall effect is rather flat.The scenery is pretty and John Cleese puts in a charming cameo ; that 's about all I can say is right with it . Not that there 's much wrong , either , but rather it 's a mediocre show with some glitz on top . See it if the mood takes you , but wait until you can rent it or -LRB- better yet -RRB- borrow it for free from a public library .
 Everybody 's saying `` Pluto Nash '' is as bad as `` Battlefield Earth . '' The fact is , `` Pluto '' is much better than Travolta 's disarsterous film , considering the talent involved . But again , considering the names of the people involved , and the money spent here , `` Pluto '' should be called a big failure.First , the film is not thrilling at all . The time is 2087 , and Eddie 's character ex-smuggler Pluto Nash owns a bar on the moon . The business is going fine until a guy is sent to take over the place -LRB- in a Western film way -RRB- . Pluto refuses and gets involved in shooting and ... is n't this story too clithed?But it 's Eddie 's film , in which you may expect tons of laughs . Sorry , but you 'll be disappointed . Actually , you will laugh sometimes , but not because of Eddie , who is the least funny . He keeps cool attitude all the time as the hero , but it looks as if his mind is just detached far from the character . He is as unmemorable as in `` Harlem Night . `` But there are two saving graces -- very costly ones , I say -- which deserve special mention . One of them is its co-stars . OK , listen this . You get Randy Quaid , Rosario Dawson , Joe Pantliano , Jay Mohr , Luis Guzman , James Rebhorn , Peter Boyle , Burt Young , Pam Grier , and John Cleese . Plus you get two uncredit cameos -LRB- one from Ms. Douglas , and other from one of the Baldwin Bros -RRB- . Wow . And the result is that you will remember few of them . See how John Cleese is wasted as a role which is as tiny as that of ` Nick ' in Harry Potter.The other good thing about the film is its production designs . Look closely , and you will see many , many humourous things done to them , like playful references to famous names like one Clinton -LRB- not Bill -RRB- . And apparently `` The Rocky Horror Show '' is still showing on the moon . Nice touch , and the CGIs are in fact first rate . There are so many things going on , and you might watch it again ... if the film is much funnier.I think I know the point the script is trying to make . It is done by Neil Cuthbert , who did much funnier `` Mystery Men . '' However , the cast -LRB- especially Eddie -RRB- is most unsuitable for the type of movie like `` Mystery Men '' -- that delightfully off-beat comedy , which will not be called the mainstream product of the industry . Somehow Hollywood gets the wrong idea , using Eddie Murphy in this screenplay with quirky humor . No , what they needed is Ben Stiller who can do `` Zoolander '' quite joyfully.I like the film . I like Randy Quiad 's old-type robot , which is certainly hilarious . Really . But I can not give a good review simply because the fun you get from the film is the kind you get when you read trivia about some good films . The center of `` Pluto Nash '' namely Eddie Murphy is just incredibly dull presence , and you can not let him do this again , sending a wrong message to him . -LRB- But he did in `` I Spy '' and `` Showtime '' ... oh dear . -RRB-
 You know a movie is horrific when the company that want 's to distribute it dose n't release it for two years.Eddie Murphy starsin this horridly , painful and excrutiatingly dull comedy.In the year 2084 Eddie murphy is a bar owner who with his partner robot -LRB- Randy Quaid -RRB- and newfound employee -LRB- Rosario Dawson -RRB- try to stopa gang of thugs and holigans from running him out of business.That is basically it and a torturious 90 minutes you 'll wishthis film be burned and buried or sent to pluto itself.John Cleese has about 10 minutes in the film he was the smart one obviously he got out quick enough by that time he probly wantedto shoot himself for being in this peice of trash.So many people lined up to this film you could hear the grasshoppers inthe background , on it 's opening it made an incredible 2.2 million maybe enough to pay off the catering bill on the setof this 100 million dollar bomb , in the end it made a pitiful4 .4 million making it the biggest lost in a movie surpassingeven Cutthroat Island loosing 95.6 million dollars and it isnow hands down the biggest movie flop in hollywood historyalmost destroying Eddie Murphys carrer luckly he made DaddyDay Care wich was able to pay the catering bill the onlycurse for the company is why this was n't just a direct tovideo release , one of the all time worse films it may notbe as bad as Battlefeild Earth but it 's certainly a wasteof film and time .
 One of the worst most unwatchable movies of all time . Right up there with I Dreamed of Africa , Battlefield Earth , Redneck Zombies , Fresh Horses and Zohan . I really hope the upcoming `` Dave '' movie is a whole lot better than this.I liked the name of the film ; I guess that 's why I 'm giving it one star , that , and I had to .
 I had high hopes for this movie but it only took about 30 minutes into it to discover that Eddie Murphy 's comical timing is off and his humor is milked out . The robot played by what 's his name was childish and ignorant too . Do n't waste your money on it .
 I remember the commercials and i remember still not liking it . and then the reviews said it was horrible maaannnn ... i saw it and it was so horrible i just returned the movie the same day ... actually i did n't see the movie ... i just think this movie sux
 This movie is another in a long line of modern science fiction failures . Not that it is completely without merit . Eddie Murphy is above average but a little crude as the intrepid Pluto Nash , and Randy Quaid is astonishing considering the terrible character he was saddled with . There is an uplifting appearance by John Cleese as a stolen vehicle . Riddled with the below average slapstick that most modern comedies fail at , this movie just does n't seem like anyone is trying very hard.We 've finally come to a time when technology is allowing some of the most incredible and downright impossible events be put to screen . The biggest success of modern filmmaking being the stellar fantasy epic `` Lord of the Rings '' . However , sci-fi lovers get nothing compared to fantasy and action/adventure aficionados . In this film , there are arcane and somewhat stupid gadgets that are the throwaway jokes of sci-fi parodies , like frozen puppies and obsolete AI robots . As a sci-fi film it fails , as a comedy it barely passes , spend your time elsewhere .
 I ca n't begin to describe the flaws for this film . The movie does a great job with the special effects and futuristic settings very well though . Everything else in this film , however , comes up short on all counts . Overall , this film is hardly worth noticing .
 PLUTO NASH is set on the moon in the year 2087 . Pluto Nash -LRB- Eddie Murphy -RRB- is the owner of the moon 's hippest nightclub who finds himself pitted against gangsters from rival digs who want to take over his business ... as well as the entire moon . So with the help of his loyal robot Bruno -LRB- Randy Quaid -RRB- and sexy nightclub singer Dina Lake -LRB- Rosario Dawson -RRB- he sets out to defend his business and his planet.Directed by Ron Underwood -LRB- TREMORS , CITY SLICKERS -RRB- this movie was Murphy 's biggest Box Office bomb EVER -LRB- it was shelved for two years , so that ought to explain a lot -RRB- . In fact in NZ the DVD release was delayed by two months so it could receive a theatrical run , which only lasted about two weeks with minimal screenings . That said , PLUTO NASH is n't as terrible as some critics would have you believe , but it still is n't very good either . The production design is pretty good . The movie also succeeds in wasting the talents of Pam Grier who plays Pluto 's mother and John Cleese . When you see his thankless role here you wonder why he even bothered . Scariest of all is Hilary Clinton 's face appearing on a million dollar bill . Oh well , at least it 's not Tipper Gore . DVD extras include DVD ROM features as well as an awful R&B ; music video and a doco on the making of the film , deleted scenes and the movie 's trailer .
 Just a horrendous movie . A flop of the highest order . . luckily for Rosario Dawson no one watched this monstrosity or she would have never landed another role.How Eddie Murphy ended up in this position boggles the mind . Once such an edgy and brilliant comedian and he is doing grade A Trash like this?Just awful on all levels .
 I am not the most avid of professional wrestling fans . Sure I enjoy watching from time to time . At one time my son -LRB- much younger then -RRB- proclaimed he was going into the business with his best friend . Then they got into high school a few more years . The fact is there has always been a huge fan base for pro wrestling and it only makes sense that they become involved in the film business as well.Stars of the WWE have moved into this area and done well . Steve Austin has CONDEMNED and THE LONGEST YARD under his championship belt . John Cena starred in THE MARINE . Even Triple H had a somewhat lead bad guy role in BLADE 3 . Now it 's time for one of the old school wrestlers to make his mark . Rey Mistirio Sr. stars as THE WRESTLEMANIAC!You 've never heard of this movie ? It did n't play locally at your theater ... or even drive in ? Not much of a surprise as this movie is one of the worst I 've seen in some time . And this is coming from someone who loves horror movies and even likes wresting.The story revolves around a group heading down south of the border towards Caba San Lucas to shoot an amateur porno film . On the way they get lost and arrive in the town of La Sangre De Dios . Fortunately for them the `` cinematographer '' -LRB- known in the amateur porn world as the guy holding the camera -RRB- is of Mexican descent , a major wrestling fan and knows what this town is all about.It seems that years ago there was a luchador -LRB- masked Mexican wrestler -RRB- developed by the Mexican government who went mad while wrestling . To hide him from the public eye , he was condemned to live in exile in a small town where he could hurt no one . But legend has it that he still lives , looking to challenge any comer to a match that ends only when the mask of one or the other is removed.The director of the film -LRB- of course -RRB- loves the location and decides they should shoot there . Clothes come off , the tape recorder starts and in the background there is the shadow of someone watching . Could it be El Mascarado ? Sure it is!As members of this amateur production go off on their own , they are picked off by this hulking wrestler who in turn rips off their faces . Hey , when you do n't wear a mask , your face will just have to do . Night falls , their car is damaged and there is no chance of escape . Whatever will they do?Who cares ! This movie has only one saving grace that it seems most low budget films have these days
 I should have known better than to buy this movie . I happened to stumble upon it and , being my family loves wrestling , I picked it up for Christmas . It said it had Rey Mysterio -LRB- Sr. -RRB- in it . I should have stopped right there , knowing it was n't Rey Mysterio Jr. . This movie was n't scary at all . It looked like it took all of $ 5 to make . There 's really not much more I can say about it . Do n't buy it .
 I took an interest in wanting to see this about 8 months ago when a website had it as a `` coming soon '' release . At first I thought it starred the Professional Wrestler Rey Mysterio Junior . But I soon discovered it is not the WWE superstar , it 's his Uncle , Rey Mysterio Senior!I still wanted to see this when it was released , and it has been released for region 4 already.Well , being a horror fan and a wrestling fan , I thought it sounded like a good idea to have a horror wrestler . After all , both horror and wrestlers are much the same in the way of a certain look , you like your wrestlers to look a certain way , and you have your slashers who look a certain way.So how does Rey Rey Snr come across as a horror icon?It fails miserably . The back story of his character is given to you a few minutes in , a group of people are driving through Mexico in their van , off to shoot a porno film , however , they get lost and pull into a run down shack hoping they have gas but only find the typical crazy old man who says you can go 100 miles that way with your 50 miles of fuel and be safe , or go that way and drive through el-something-o but whatever they do do n't stop there , because el-Whats-his-face lives there.Of coarse , one of them happens to be obsessed with Wrestling enough to know about even the urban myths of wrestling . He recognizes the name of the town and gives a back story about how Mexico 's president was so obsessed with wrestling that they scientifically attempted to make the ultimate wrestler to help them win at the Olympics , but the Frankenstein wrestler they create becomes an out of control maniac who rips peoples faces off and kills them so they left him in a ghost town where no one should go.Of coarse , the group go , get slaughtered , blah blah blah.First off I had trouble swallowing the plot ... so Mexico created an ultimate wrestler out of a few people ? Ok ... its only a movie , i know ... but for Olympic gold ? When has pro-wrestling ever been an Olympic event ? And then he is so uncontrollable and ca n't stop killing , they let him live in a ghost town on his own ? ... okay ... , alright , so it 's just a movie , we 've heard more bizarre back stories before ... but the rest of the movie is so lame it does n't improve anything.I mean , the acting I suppose is not that bad , but they could have come up with something better then the stuff they end up doing in this movie . Nothing is original , nothing feels fresh , and to have the opportunity to have a psycho wrestler , they should have actually done something with the wrestling itself ... pro wrestling gets accused of being fake all the time , which it may be , but when you use it in a movie , do something you would not see in a real wrestling ring that would blow your mind ... Rey Snr , like his son , does a great hurricanrana , why not use that to impale their head into something , or a clothesline that DOES take a head off ... you getting my drift?It 's what you expect when you attempt to watch this , and it ends up being the typical slow , stalking , grunting , stabbing killer thats been seen a billion times before.And the scene you think your about to see a bit of wrestling ... HA , a mask does not cut it . Point is , if they chose the killer of the film to be to be a wrestler as a madman , then use wrestling , because this movie would not matter what the guys background was whether he was a mongoloid that drowned and came back for revenge in your dreams or a drug addicted ballet dancer , for this movie , it did n't matter what they used , it has n't been done right , and its going to disappoint a lot of people who have been interested in this film . They just do not use the use of a wrestling character the way it should be done . He 's just a typical seen-it-before killer in a wrestling uniform that would n't have mattered if he was supposed to be a wrestler or not .
 I am going to be the one to say it . Do not buy this movie ! This horror flick is not great . This is really one of those movies that you see a hot girl in it and you hope -LRB- knowing the history of horror flicks and hot women -RRB- that she will get naked during the course of the film . I will openly admit to you all that I bought it thinking that the hottest girl in the movie was going to get down to her birthday suit ... this did not happen . So I had to fully rely on the plot when looking at the title , I already knew it was n't going to be good enough to keep my complete interest . The plot did n't fail me because I knew it would n't be any good.I will admit though the movie did have a couple of good qualities . It knows how to wrap you in . It comes on almost immediately on the hottest girl and mentions creating porn . This may pique your interest but do n't be fooled . The acting for what it is worth was decent . The story is very unbelievable but the acting tries it 's best to make up for it.Of course in a movie like this you will expect some cheesy dialogue . You will get your fill of it here . So by all means people , I am just trying to save you some of your hard earned cash . If you want to see this , please rent or watch it over someone else 's house who happened to rent it . Do n't do it to yourselves .
 I seriously do not mean to offend anybody who enjoys this cartoon , or anybody responsible for its production . That is the last sort of thing that I would intend to do . I grew up watching SpongeBob SquarePants cartoons , and I was so familiar with the few episodes that were around back at that time that I was able to follow along with the dialogue contained within them . These episodes can still be quite funny , but they are lacking in the charm that helped to achieve spectacular fame for the series and a remarkable fan base . This is not the SpongeBob I remember . Buy the earliest seasons . SpongeBob SquarePants just is n't as loveable as it used to be .
 The movie , although well acted by Gallo , far fits the description . First of all , he has no problem killing anyone . So do n't go by the synopsis that was written by someone who obviously did n't watch the film . Second , the movie is mostly silent , so there 's no dialog that helps you follow the story . However , you soon realize dialog is n't needed because the film never provides a real story line or plot . For example , he flashes back to events from his past but no details or even background are shared . The flashbacks could have been left out of the film and we 'd never know the difference . This story is definitely not about war or politics . What this movie is really about is survival in extreme cold conditions . Nothing more . So if you 're waiting for an explanation of why he killed , what lead him to kill ... you 'll never get an answer .
 Worst blu-ray I 've bought since `` Cloverfield '' . I ` ts about a `` detainee '' who escapescustody and kills a few people to get what he needs to survive and get out of those orange jailhouse coveralls . This blu-ray will be in the `` rag bin '' till my next garage sale .
 I rented this movie to watch with my daughter who loves old musicals . It was so bad I got up and started cleaning the windows in the middle of it and my 13 year old got up and emptied the dish washer without even being asked . The characters were not very like-able the plot was n't very well developed . When we realized the mail truck was coming we whisked it back into its envelope and out to the mail to return to Netflix without even bothering to watch the last half hour . We decided we really did n't care how it ended ! Do n't have a clue as to why so many people rated it high ...
 No fan of Judy Garland , I ordered this DVD on the strength of another reviewer 's remark that it contained the short subject ` Every Sunday ' , starring the young Deanna Durbin -LRB- and Judy Garland -RRB- ; indeed I had been searching high and low for one that did . Sadly it is not there .
 Even with borrowed special effects shots and one of the most unimpressive -LRB- and thus inexpensive -RRB- spaceship sets in cinema history , the filmmakers behind this dud of a film still ran out of money before it could be completed in 1967 . Five years later , somebody else decided to actually finish the thing - without any of the film 's actors or actresses . The difference is exceedingly noticeable , turning what was a pretty lousy movie into a hopelessly bad cinematic experience . That five-year delay does answer some puzzling questions I had about the film , though - such as why the lift-off procedures of the astronauts were so unrealistic . By the time this film came out in 1972 , we had already been to the moon several times , yet the astronauts here did little more than buckle themselves into Lazy-Boy recliners for liftoff . Of course , this does n't explain why the spaceship completely changes shape four different times as the movie progresses -LRB- sometimes it 's a rocket and sometimes it 's a rotating space station -RRB- , why the script is so incredibly bad , or why no one mentions the well-known fact that Venus is completely uninhabitable for humans!This spaceship that changes shape and size is the culmination of the work of Project Astra and was designed to carry seven men to Venus . That was the plan , anyway - until the military learned about China 's possible use of a Doomsday Machine to wreak havoc along all of the Earth 's fault lines . We do n't know why the Chinese would want to destroy the Earth ; apparently , it 's just one of those `` you know those Red Chinese '' sorts of things . All of a sudden , though , the Venus mission 's schedule is bumped up , important secondary checks are neglected , and -- to the great consternation of the crew - three of its astronauts are unceremoniously dumped for three female scientists - one of whom is actually a Ruskie . It does n't take a genius for the remaining male astronauts to figure out what is going on here - even though none of them believe the Chinese would be stupid enough to destroy Earth . The resulting crew interactions are interesting , as one of the `` highly professional scientists '' suddenly grows several sets of hands , one of the women actually compares the whole mission to a hayride , and the whole story starts to turn into a bad soap opera . Things really get crazy when the ship has to start dodging big ole pieces of exploded Earth and the odd man out figures out that only three of the seven crew members can actually make it to Venus . Then , just when something actually starts happening , the original production ends , and you 're forced to endure two faceless actors in a dark room doing absolutely nothing for what seems like forever.One of the very few interesting things about Doomsday Machine is the fact that both Casey Kasem and Mike Farrell make an appearance . Farrell appears only briefly , while Kasem is the communications officer back on Earth -LRB- and , no , he never tells the astronauts to keep their feet on the ground and keep reaching for the stars -RRB- . There are some hilarious little treats like the crew 's ingenious way of dealing with a radiation threat by basically just hanging a big piece of aluminum foil on one wall and a vivid example of why females working in secretive installations should not wear their hair in pigtails , but the only actual reason to watch Doomsday Machine is just to add another notch to your bad movie belt .
 listen to the commentary , lts the next best thing
 This product is unusuable -- it is programmed for Region 2 use and we are in Region 1 . I had no idea there is a difference -- but this copy will not play on my computer without making changes to my computer . If I change my computer to Region 2 -- then none of my other DVDs will play . My computer says I can only change the region 4 times and then we are stuck on that region for the life of my computer . I have easily ordered many DVDs from Amazon without problems -- but -- this is a BIG hassle . I am now uneasy about ordering from Amazon .
 Kelly Preston and Tcheky Karyo are a New York City couple who come together after Preston leaves Matthew Broderick and Karyo uses Meg Ryan in order to get a Visa . Now Broderick and Ryan are teaming up to get even with their ex 's . The problem is , the offenses they 've endured -LRB- being dumped and being used -RRB- do n't really warrant the horrible things they do to these two people , especially Karyo . Which is probably why first-time director Griffin Dunne used two such amiable stars in the feature roles . After all , how can we not root for Ferris Bueller and Harry 's Sally ? Unfortunately , it ends up being pretty easy not to root for them when their revenge is so excessive , the pace of the film is so uneven , and the script is n't particularly funny.There 's a difference between black comedy and just mean-spirited comedy . Despite a handful of amusing moments and a few nice cinematic touches , this film does not walk that line very well .
 What a mess of a movie - Matthew Broderick is SO much better than this waste of time . Just a totally pointless movie . Well as long as Meg Ryan got in her little `` dance '' she does in every single one of her movies , I guess all is not lost .
 This show was meant to be a dark comedey , but it fell really flat . At first you sympathize with Broderick 's character , but any woman who would use her dad to break up with you is n't worth crying over . He goes to NYC to try to win her back , and find she 's gotten over him quickly and has a sexy new lover . He meets the new love 's ex , Meg Ryan , and the two of them stalk and try to sabotage their ex 's new romance in many creepy ways . I found this movie in extremely poor taste , and felt that in the end both Broderick and Ryan were creepy criminals who needed jail time and intense therapy ! Once was more than enough , I would never watch it again !
 I do n't know if I 've ever in my life enjoyed a movie less than this one . It 's slow-witted and vulgar at the same time - not a single character is likeable , and not a single scene is believeable . By the end of it , I did n't care if they got together or not.The only reason I really care about this movie being so bad is that it 's such a waste of two talented people . Meg Ryan is a terrific actress who has done countless better movies . Matthew Broderick is a capable actor and can certainly do much better than this nonsense.Don ' t waste your time with this movie , folks .
 This is just bad . I was surprised to see so many people giving it five stars . I 'm not a Ryan fan , but I am a Broderick fan , and I think he just stumbles around in this picture . It wants to be a dark comedy , but simply is n't clever enough . It pokes feebly when it needs to sting . If you want something dark with a little zip , watch `` The War of the Roses . '' That 'll teach you how to get revenge on the one who 's supposed to love you .
 Personally this is my least favorite movie starring Meg Ryan . Meg does really good playing the tough biker girl , but the movie has a hard time catching up with her in every aspect . The acting is not very good on the exception of Meg . Matthew Broderick is very boring , bland , and overall bad . The plot is unrealistic , and all in all is only good to watch one time . One thumb down , and one thumb up for this movie . Sorry .
 I bought this DVD in the UK because it was cheap ... and because it had one of my favorite actors , Matthew Broderick , in it . What a pile of PANTS ! Basically , Broderick 's boring golden-girl of a mate , Kelly Preston , goes off to New York on a teaching stint and instead of coming back to him , sends a Dear John letter through her father . Of course , you can tell what happens next ... Broderick rushes to New York and starts spying on his girlfriend and her new French lover ... This is not a great film ... the cast is awkward and lopsided , the plot is ridiculous , and the dialogue not zingy enough to even merit a second viewing . Two thumbs down .
 Another 48 Hrs . is n't as good a film as the oringial but it 's still has it 's moments . Eddie and Nick still have the chemistry as Reggie and Jack . The action seqeunces are upped a bit and the finale of the film is action pakced , althought this is one of the films that started Eddie down 's fall and it shows in his performance . But for me the action sequences and the bar scene earn the film ** 1/2 stars
 Though it 's nice to see Nick Nolte and Eddie Murphy back together , the motivation is woefully lacking in director Walter Hill 's follow-up to the 1982 action-comedy . Apart from a few engaging setpieces , everyone goes through the motions for a big paycheck . `` Another 48 HRS . '' lives up to its title - derivative in the worst sense .
 They get in fistfights again , they still treat eachother like dirt , Eddie does `` Roxanne '' again , Nolte shoots at the guy holding a gun against Eddie 's head again , another redneck bar , the same `` sky blue Cadillac '' , the list goes on and on . Never have I seen a sequel so desperate to cling to its predecessor as this one . And sequels are NOTORIOUS for clinging to their predecessors -LRB- `` American Pie 2 '' and `` American Wedding '' anyone ? -RRB- . It has its moments , but trouble is you 've seen most of them before when they were still fresh and original . Worth renting if you 're a fan of the original , but certainly not a `` must-own '' .
 If the first movie was day , this one is night . This movie was so full of holes and imcomplete plot twists I do n't even know where to begin . So why not right here?SPOILER ALERT1 -RRB- Why the hell would a cop turn out to be the head of an organized crime syndicate ? Why even clock in every day , if your interests lie elsewhere ? Somebody else asked why Eddie Murphy would not recognize Kehoe -LRB- or whatever his name was -RRB- as the Iceman ? The answer is
 Another 48 Hours , 1990 filmThey say the sequel usually is n't as good as the original . This is not an exception to that rule . The reason is the story . Overall it is an interesting plot , but seems to intense at times . It has a lot of action and killing , maybe too much for a mystery story . Who is the `` Iceman '' , the person behind the illegal drug trade in the San Francisco area ? The answer lies in uncovering his identity . The original seems to have more humor . This one seems to have too many cardboard characters . The final scenes have a lot of shooting , as if that alone would make a better movie . The premise of this story seems unbelievable to me.The lack of daylight scenes outside of the desert suggests a low budget production . I do n't think there will be another sequel . Note how their looks tell about the characters , as if that was true in reality .
 48 Hrs is the Vito Corleone of buddy cop movies . Another 48 Hrs is Fredo . What do you think made the first one a hit ? It wasnt just Eddie and Nick 's chemistry onscreen it was also fresh material to work with . Another 48 Hrs is just a tired retread of the first movie.In this one Reggie Hammond -LRB- Eddie Murphy -RRB- is about to be released from jail . On his way out of prison , some biker punks shoot up his bus causing it to flip over several time . Nick 's character is bent on catching a drug dealer by the name of Iceman and figures out that his case is tied in with Reggie 's especially after the same people who shot at him , shot at Reggie too.What ensues is a bunch of pointless bar brawls with stupid hicks and shoot outs with biker gang members . Eddie Murphy looks like he didnt want to be there even though I cant say the same for Nick Nolte . The movie has its moments but for the most part is kind of bland . The humor is forced and so is the chemistry between Murphy and Nolte . If you must get this movie get the two movie -LRB- 48 Hrs/Another 48 HRS -RRB- on one disc deal that they have here on Amazon . At least it wont be a total lost . 48 Hrs gave birth to the buddy cop movies . Another 48 Hrs set them back a couple of years .
 `` 48 hours '' was a classic -- one of the most original movies ever made . This sequal is just bad . The plot is contrived and does n't make much sense , neither Eddie nor Nick Nolte looks like they enjoyed making it , and the pure joy and fun that made the first movie so captivating is completely missing.Not recommended .
 This is a terrible movie . Not funny , boring , annoying . Eddie Murphy 's worst film . Look at a wall for 2 hours instead .
 Another 48 Hours
 This movie was bad . It was not the acting , which was fine . The directing was so - so . I have no problem with english dubs -LRB- which is how I watched it . Why would anyone want to have to keep their eyes glued to the bottom of the screen reading subtitles for 2 hours , missing elements of the MOVIE happening above the subtitles , or missing a key dialogue if you have to sneeze or turn your head for some reason ? -RRB- No , my problem is with the main element that will make or break a movie
 Wow . I 've seen better 10 minute videos on You Tube . The dialogue via subtitles are from a high school play . It 's almost a parody of some very bad sci-fi movies . Below-amateur writing , production , directing and editing . I watched it twice with theatre and then movie production people . We all had a wonderful time - CHORTLE ! SNEER ! GUFFAW ! SNICKER ! Even Ernie Fosselius ' `` Hardware Wars '' was superior to this tripe . Serious students of film will barf at 19.25 minutes.On my list of `` The 100 Worst Films I 've Ever Seen . '' This is one of those DVD 's that you can use as a signaling mirror if you 're lost on a deserted island .
 The most thrilling part of this very low budget , poorly acted , poorly directed , poorly edited and poor screen writing is the very cool bandage wrapping on the poor guy 's head . That is the only intellectually stimulating and thrilling part to the entire movie . The time scenarios are non-sensical and illogical at best and would fail any high school level understanding of time-space physics . Best illustrated by no explanation as to why climbing into a vat of milk takes you a few hours into the past . On top of that we have a lone individual -LRB- no security -RRB- playing around on the weekend with , would probably be the only time travel device on Earth , that so happens to be in a suburban neighborhood with no security and with energy demands that would drain a city . It turns out to be his personal play toy which he operates with a Nintendo game pad . There is meant to be paradox within the storyline but in this case it 's a rationalization for confusion i.e. a movie with no thoughtfulness or direction .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The story is ridiculous
 2.4 starsI love the idea here , but the direction , acting and general quality are barely b-movie . The lighting and set-ups are pure low budget and I had trouble getting past that and into the concept.Make sure to watch this in Spanish ; as bad as the subtitles are , they are masterful next to some of the worst English dubbing I 've ever heard.All in all , we were very bored very quickly ; this movie has some scenes that are just sheer nothingness posing as suspense , and once you 've figured out the main idea , it 's all pretty obvious . I 've seen dozens of time travel movies and this is easily one of the worst-made . No matter how good your premise is , if the filmmaking is weak the film itself is going to be subpar . Timecrimes is the perfect example of that .
 I wanted to try this service for the first time and this movie was hard to come by anywhere else so I was happy to find it on Amazon . But the quality was pretty poor , not sure if this is how the service is in general.Also it was dubbed to English from Spanish as oppose to being subtitled and that I ca n't really sit through . It would have been nice if that was communicated before I rented this cause I would have never spent the money on such junk.I still want to see the movie . Hopefully I 'll find it somewhere .
 The real crime with regard to this film , is the 92 minutes you 'll have given up watching it . There is just no movie here . A string of , perhaps sometimes interesting looking but ultimately pointless scenes , leading to a lame , open and arbitrary ending . `` Held together '' by some of the worst dialog filmed and even worse pacing.Somewhere along the line there may have been an interesting idea for a movie but in the end ... . it 's just not there.Characters say and do things for no sound or logical reason other than the script calls for it and their actions are needed to set up the next scene . Help stop crime . Save your money . Save your time . There are better choices out there .
 Low budget , poor dialog , and incohesive story line . If that 's what you 're looking for , then this is the movie for you . I watched it hoping it was along the lines of Denzel Washington 's `` Deja Vu '' . Other than the fact that they are both about time travel , there 's nothing else they have in common . I 'm glad I did n't spend any money on this clunker .
 I 'm going to heroically be the rehasher of the coldest hash of jokes on this when I say that this film was itself a time crime . I guess that 's what makes this some sort of cerebral or intellectual film , that paradox . If you get through this movie , there 's a good chance you 'll arrive on the other side of it thinking `` well that was pretty dumb . '' But then you recall the feature 's title , and Whammo ! The brilliance of the paradox crushes your brain ; you realize that the entire experience was a time crime perpetrated on you . I 'm a big fan of epiphanic experience , but I probably would n't willingly watch this bad of a movie again even if it promised another epiphany . It was real bad .
 I just got done watching this and have to say that I am left unimpressed and actually quite dissapointed . The dvd itself if ok , with some extras . But as for the film itself , I would not recommend it to anyone else . I was expecting something similar to Primer , at least in theory.The whole ` bandaged man ' thing and the time travel aspect were the most frustrating and really made the movie painful to watch after halfway through . If this is what time travel is like , then do n't sign me up , as its a bummer !
 `` Timecrimes -LRB- Los Cronocr&iacute;menes -RRB- '' is likely to baffle even the most ardent sci-fi fans . It 's a subtitled time travel story that keeps turning back on itself with a series of inane , nonsensical explanations and inexplicable behavior . It seems that writer/director Nacho Vigalondo was just trying to show how clever he can be , piling on a series of interconnecting events that are all the result of one man heedlessly venturing into uncharted territory . But cleverness can only go so far before it becomes hopelessly confused ; by the end of the film , I had absolutely no idea what was going on , nor did I understand how any of it could have happened . Certain passages of dialogue are meant to explain it all , but what the characters say makes about as much sense as someone speaking in tongues . To be fair , there 's a strong possibility that I missed something along the way . I admit that I 'm not the most perceptive of viewers , especially when it comes to something as intentionally misleading as time travel.In all honesty , I 'm not sure I can describe the plot of this movie . Partly , it 's because there 's so much happening all at once , not all of which I caught on to . But mostly , it 's because the story plays like an overactive mystery , with a back-to-back series of revelations . I can , however , describe the setup . H&eacute;ctor -LRB- Karra Elejalde -RRB- and his wife , Clara -LRB- Candela Fern&aacute;ndez -RRB- , have moved into a spacious home somewhere in the woods of Spain . One day , H&eacute;ctor receives a mysterious phone call from someone that wo n't speak . When that person hangs up , H&eacute;ctor redials the opposite line and gets only an automated message . Later on , as he lounges in his backyard , he looks through his binoculars and sees a young woman taking her shirt off in the middle of the woods . When Clara leaves to get dinner , he decides to go investigate . He finds not only a naked woman lying unconscious , but also a man whose face is wrapped in pink bandages . This man stabs H&eacute;ctor in the arm with a pair of scissors . H&eacute;ctor runs . He then seeks refuge in a strange laboratory , where a young scientist -LRB- Nacho Vigalondo -RRB- tells him to hide inside a metal vat filled with white liquid.Thus begins a strange , unexplainable sequence of events that involves not one , but three H&eacute;ctors occupying the same stretch of time , namely the ninety minutes before H&eacute;ctor arrived at the laboratory . The technology behind the metal vat is left a little obscure , as is the reason for why the scientist seems to know everything about what 's going on at all times -LRB- or in this case , at that one time -RRB- . Is n't this impossible given the fact that he 's completely outside of H&eacute;ctor 's time loop ? Would n't he keep forgetting who H&eacute;ctor is with every trip to the vat ? Maybe this is just one of those extra plot details that somehow passed me by . The scientist attempts to explain this warped passage of time with a drawing on the back of a calendar , one that shows a line bending in a Z-shape ; at each bend is an X marking each H&eacute;ctor 's position in time . It made sense up until the inclusion of a third H&eacute;ctor.The next thing I 'm about to say will be annoyingly vague , so you 've been warned . When H&eacute;ctor 1 originally looks through his binoculars , what he sees is the direct result of H&eacute;ctor 2 . Here 's what I do n't understand
 I am a time travel movies ' fan and have a pretty complete collection -LRB- almost 40 movies -RRB- , but this one is n't going to be in it , unless somebody remakes it . I began seeing it and could n't stand the bad acting and directing . I seldom do n't finish a movie , no matter how bad it is , but this one went beyond bad . From the reviews I have read here , it seems as if it has an interesting plot , but the acting was so bad that I could n't stand to watch more than 20 minutes of it . That 's the longest I could hold the impulse to puke ! Spanish is my first language , so I did n't have a language issue . Fortunately I did n't buy it . I wish they remake it so I can enjoy the interesting plot and twists others say it has , because as much as I love the time travel theme , I do n't think I can stomach trying to watch this awful version again .
 My boyfriend and I are movie fanatics , we constantly go to Blockbuster to get their 4 movies for $ 20 deal , Half Price Books , or Walmart for their five dollar movies , so we have a LOT of movies . We saw this particular movie at Blockbuster one day thought it looked pretty cool , so we bought it . Five dollars for this movie was even too much for me , I thought it was going to be awesome , boy was I wrong ! I do n't think this movie is even worth a penny!All throughout the movie , we were just waiting for it to be over , it has a good enough story line , but with the bad acting , and all the stupid incidents , it just all seems so silly . The ending did it for me , I was so pissed off for buying this movie I could have broken the DVD . I thought with the cover looking like that and all , it would be awesome , but the cover is so misleading , we thought that would be an actual character in the story , but instead it 's just when he wraps his face up for five minutes . STUPID ! Do n't waste your money . I do n't even want to sell this to anyone , I 'd just be a horrible person for wasting their time and money , too . I 'm just going to throw it away in the garbage where it belongs .
 A huge heads up , for those who are considering purchasing the video via on demand . This is the dubbed into English version ... not subtitled . I stopped the movie after five minutes in . Hugely disappointed by the non-disclosure .
 This is not a review of the movie because I had to stop watching after two minutes . The Instant Watch version is a terrible English dub . Do not buy or rent the Instant Watch version . I hear the movie is good though . I 'm planning to rent the DVD from a competitor now .
 We had just finished watching `` Valkyrie '' with Tom Cruise . Interested in learning more about this period of history , we found `` Operation Valkyrie '' . We watched the trailer , and it indicated that it was a film with period film footage and interviews with historians and others from the time period . We watched the movie , which was not well-acted , waiting and waiting for the real meat of it -- the historical footage and interviews . They never appeared.If the movie trailer had shown the video we actually ended up getting to watch , we would not have wasted our time . Very disappointing.Where is the historical footage and interviews promised in the trailer ?
 I always like History in college and continue to seek and enjoy historical stories . Having watched the EXTRAS first , it seemed to me that the story was just a BRIEF enactment of the `` one remaining '' members 2 minute synopsis . I felt bad that according to the examples that only a few 100 Germans wanted Hitler dead and they were to slow to actI got more out of the extras and enjoyed hearing about many of the other attempts . Butca n't belief that God let Hitler `` luck out '' and escape death so many times because of weird occurrences that ended up saving his life . In this story , the wood partition of the table and a rushed phone call saved his life . While I enjoyed the extras more than the movie , the `` home movies '' of Eva Braun , while containing beautiful scenery , added little to the content . Even the `` Eva appears nude '' was way over played in those long long dragged out soundless movies . Sorry it missed the mark for me .
 The plot here is uncreative and tedious . I find Chris Tucker particularly grating . His voice itself is jarring , though I suppose that ca n't be helped . Moreover , it appears that his character is supposed to typify an attitude of USA-centrism . He needs to spend less time gawking at the foreign culture and making unhumorous cracks and more time adding something to the movie . I found the movie as a whole to be less than amusing .
 THIS WAS FUNNY FOR A MINUTE.AFTER THAT , IT WAS EXCEDRIN TIME.IN FACT , IT WASNT EVEN FUNNY.MORE LIKE GOOFY SILLINESS.THIS IS LIVING OFF OF PART ONE 'S FAME.AND PART ONE WAS ONLY MARGINALLY ENTERTAINING.ALL THIS AMOUNTS TO IS RACIAL GIMMICKTRY.CHAN SAYS SOMETHING IN CHINENGLISH AND TUCKER MOCKS IT.BOORRRRRINGGGG !!!! THE PLOT -LRB- IF THERE WAS ONE AT ALL -RRB- COULDNT HOLD A COMMERCIAL TOGETHER.THIS AND MOVIES OF THE SAME TREND AMAZE ME ON THEIR POPULARITY.ONE WOULD THINK AN AUDIENCE WOULD BE TOO INTELLEGENT TO FALL FOR SUCH TRIPE.BUT ALAS , TODAYS AUDIENCES ARE MADE UP OF 10-15 YEAR OLDS WHO LIKE THE MOVIE SOLELY ON THE STARS POPULARITY ... . THE ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY MUST GO TO CHURCH DAILY THANKING GOD FOR THE PRE-TEENS WHO DONT KNOW ANY BETTER AND THE POOR PARENTS WHO DOLE OUT THE GREENBACKS FOR TRASH I MENTIONED .
 Fans of jackie 's foreign films have been spoiled by the intensefight scenes he and his stunt-team are capable of orchestrating.Some may speculate that jackie has slowed down with age , gottensoft , or too affluent to risk life and limb for film . He 's provenhimself in the past countless times and is just taking it easynow . Of course he 's slowed down . Of course he 's got more yearsof bone twisting antics behind him than ahead of him , but he ` snot as slow as this film depicts him . Compare what he did in im-port movie gorgeous to the origional rush-hour which preceded itto assuage any doubts . Unfortunately for jackie and us , hollywoodfinaced projects shall never afford him the freedom to composethe comedic action sequences which make him a kicking legend . Healways speaks of how he and his stunt-team are black-listed fromthe ledgers of all insurance companies . They simply resign them-selves to make the most innovative fights and stunts possible asthey accept the financial burden of injuries that may occur tothe crew . That does n't fly in america . Major studios must adhereto unions and comply with regulated safety codes that meet therequirements of the mandatory insurance for actor 's and crew.Studios are becoming more lenient with actor 's performing theirown stunts , but are no-where near their overseas counterparts.Jackie 's two decade plus expertise in fight execution is neuteredby protocol of conglomerates who do n't want any lawyers diggingin their flushed pockets . Even knowing all of this going into this film did n't prepare me for how horrible it is . Finding holesin the script is pointless in this sort of film . You should n'texpect layered characters or an inventive storyline . You shouldexpect a laughs and melliflous duels which make you wish rewinding a scene was possible . Chris tucker is given the task ofmandatory ad-libbing to fill the holes of the script and make upfor jackie 's limited english -LRB- not a slam , he speaks infinitelybetter english than I do mandarin or cantonesse -RRB- skills . Tuckeris only funny on an average of 1 out of every 10 attempts . Hisfailure is n't completely his fault . Ratner 's willingness to allowhim to fail miserably in his endeavor to chuk out energetic im-provisations as if he were eddie murhpy in 48hrs . meets axl foleyis atrocious . Tucker is n't murphy , and even if he were he 'd stillneed a tolerable script , and more verbal freedom than the fiscalfriendly PG-13 safety net offers . Ratner either over-estimatedtucker 's ability , or was prescient enough to realize that itwould n't hurt the box-office . Jackie 's desire to succeed in america has resulted in films that are n't even worthy of him making a cameo . I do n't think he 's trying to cash in . He 's justtrying to do what he loves for the biggest audience possible.Hopefully all of his neo-phyte fans will dig into his archivesand seek out his future foreign produced works .
 I bought this DVD without seeing the movie because my mother highly recommended it and because I wanted to see what Infinifilm was all about . My wife and I were extremely disappointed with the movie , especially because we liked the first one so much . There does n't seem to be anything new or original , just more stupid . All those who think Jackie Chan movies are going downhill , raise your hand!We like the Infinifilm concept because it prompts you to watch the special features that are all too often neglected . Too bad for us this DVD will be often neglected !
 Rush Hour 2 , like most sequels , is a movie they call critic-proof , meaning that any negative reviews wo n't jeopardize its success . The reasons are simple . Generally , a sequel is spawned only after the original movie turns out to be far more popular than expected . The sequel merely rides the wave of its predecessor 's success . In a case where critics were n't overly fond of the first movie , which was true of Rush Hour , studios are really well positioned . If viewers ignored reviewers the first time around , why would they listen the second time ? The subsequent production needs only to be as competent as the original . This process is repeated until , like any loaf of white bread , it becomes stale . Rush Hour 3 is scheduled for 2003 . Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker are back as Lee and Carter . Lee is a police detective from Hong Kong , while Carter is from Los Angeles . In the first movie , Lee was on assignment with Carter in California . This time the culture shock is reversed , with Carter 's being in Hong Kong on vacation . Before he can even unpack his bags , there is an explosion at the US embassy . This turns out to be connected to a vast conspiracy to flood America with nearly perfect counterfeit money . The cool , calm and collected Lee immediately goes to work , dragging the loud , abrasive and not so bright Carter , literally kicking and screaming , into the case . They encounter numerous thugs , bad guys and even a couple of beautiful female villains.The plot is as dumb as the one in the original , but the story is again interrupted numerous times by some fairly amazing martial arts fighting . I think it is these scenes that made both movies hits because they are so humorous and are the ones where Chan and Tucker make a good comedy team . The chemistry works in part because Chan is so masculine and Tucker , while not effeminate , is hardly the definition of a macho guy . To see him up there kicking butt with the best of them is most amusing.What seems to be a deciding factor in whether or not people like these movies is Chris Tucker . Some of us think he is the best young comedic actor around , while others ca n't abide him . I 'm sort of in the middle . He 's very intense and seems not to possess a quiet side . Not only is he loud , his voice can be quite irritating . These traits are exactly what some people find so funny about him . I think his best role to date was in The Fifth Element , where he played a demented and gloriously funny drag queen . I do n't object to Tucker himself in the Rush Hour series , bit I do find the character he plays to be especially obnoxious because Carter is the epitome of the ` ugly American ' . He makes no attempt at understanding another culture and , in fact , spends most of his time making fun of it . He views women as sex objects . The ones he does n't find sexy he makes jokes about . He leers at and makes crude remarks to the rest . Whereas Lee seems perfectly aware of what makes Westerners tick , Carter is totally clueless about Orientals . He revels in his ignorance and , yet , his character is portrayed as representative of Americans . Maybe that 's what audiences find so amusing . Here we get to laugh both at ourselves and at other people . We get to have it both ways .
 Chris Tucker is without a doubt one of the most annoying people in film today . His nasal screech and pop-eyed overacting are like nails on a blackboard to me . In `` Rush Hour 2 '' he portrays an utterly dense and racist American cop , which will do nothing to improve the image of Americans to overseas audiences . Jackie Chan is as agile and chaming as usual ; he and a few good action scenes in an otherwise moribund film are the only reasons it gets two stars . The wonderful Zhang Ziyi is criminally wasted . Seeing `` Rush Hour 2 , '' it is easy to understand why Asian stars such as Gong Li and Michelle Yeoh decline to make the leap to Hollywood .
 There were many take offs from Rush Hour in this sequel , as we all knew there would be from the commercials . As an owner of the first Rush Hour dvd , I 'm rather irritated that most of the jokes in Rush Hour 2 seem to come at the expense of women . Breasts seem to be the highlight of the film ... seemingly Mr. Ratner was now fresh out of ideas and had to go to stock . Misogyny abounds in this film , even comparisons of women to buffets . Even Jackie Chan has now taken part in such ludicrous objectification . I 'm highly disappointed with the quality of entertainment . Zhang Ziyi and the Chinese Vegas partner were the only pure joys in the film . Of course , Zhang Ziyi 's fighting scenes did n't do her justice one bit . Tucker and Chan seem to have outworn their charm .
 This is without any doubt , one of the best comedies in the history of movies , but at the same time , it is the worst martial art Film of all time . The DVD 's infinifilm special is STUPID , with the exeption of the extra deleted scenes . Half of the special infinifilm features are about Jackie chan 's stardom in America . If u are looking for a good action flik this is n't what you 're lookin for .
 Nobody has the guts to give a movie a bad review , the outtakes were pretty funny , NOTHING ELSE ! So predictable . You could set your watch to the fight scenes , about one every 7 minutes . The whole time they were not fighting , I was saying , 6 minutes , 59 seconds , 7 minutes , there 's one . It was terrible , and the only reason I gave it 2 stars was because I remember Smokey from Friday . ONLY REASON ! Chris Tucker , only play stoner ghetto characters , anything else , ... ! Peace
 Brett Ratner really should have left Rush Hour a stand-alone show . Rush Hour 2 is pretty overblown and it 's even annoying enough at times to make one visibly wince . The writers had Tucker go from funny & clever in the first one to downright annoying and obnoxious in this sequel . Some of the sequences were entertaining however , mainly the fight choreography , and the 2 high-powered women -LRB- Sanchez and Zhang -RRB- help make the movie more interesting , but overall the film falls flat on plot and buddy cop chemistry . 2 stars for introducing some new elements in the Rush Hour saga but failing to deliver in enjoyment value .
 This was really a very crappy movie . I tried to give it a chance , but I ended up twiddling my thumbs and whistling the Charles in Charge theme.Maybe it 's my hatred for `` buddy comedies '' -LRB- like that one with Owen Wilson and Mr. Chan -- `` A Not Funny Take on the West '' ... -RRB- , but this movie sucks ballsacks . I first noticed this when Chris Tucker spoke , then the plot began to unfurl , yet Chris Tucker kept speaking . The crappy jokes did n't help it along , either . Usually , when you mix action and comedy , you come out with a quivering , inbred form of entertainment . I think you 'll see what I mean when Taxi comes out.I know , it 's harsh but it 's true . And do n't shoot the messenger ; the messenger of common sense .
 well i have to say that i was n't impressed by the movie . the story is the same as the first one only with other actors . i mean , there were some funny side effects but nothing special . the funny side effects are the exact ones as the first movie .
 As a fan of Rush Hour -- I thought it was great and enjoyed it thoroughly -- I had heard the bad reviews of Rush Hour 2 but went figuring I 'd just have a good time and not expect a great movie . WRONG . I did n't laugh once for the first hour of the movie , the script was horrible , and Chris Tucker was unfunny . Where to begin ? 1 . The plot was racist and sexist -- leering at scantily clad asian women , lots of unfunny stereotypes about whites , blacks and asians . 2 . Jackie Chan was completely out of character -- in the first he was self effacing and moral , apologetic as he beat people up , here he was alternately a leering peeping tom or someone who 'd lie to his partner . 3 . Stupid Plot -- no credibility , lame plot devices -LRB- the bad guy was Jackie 's father 's former partner -- sure ... -RRB- , no credibility . 4 . Chris Tucker unfunny and obnoxious -- and what member of the KKK wrote his part . No one is that stupid . 5 . Stupid comic/social commentary on supposed racism against blacks at the hotel gaming table . See `` the Animal '' -LRB- ? -- about the police candidate who gets transplanted animal parts -RRB- for a really clever running commentary on racism that pays off in a great joke at the end . The action finally got going and was clever in the hotel scenes at the end , but unfortunately sitting through the first hour of the movie did n't make the payoff worth it . This was embarassingly bad . Save your money .
 Could somebody please tell the producers of future Rush Hour movies to please include humor in future installments of the franchise ? I could n't find anything remotely funny in Rush Hour 2 , just Chris Tucker annoying the hell out of everyone within sight and earshot . Correction , there was one funny element
 Even thongh Jackie Chan is welcome by Hollywood , frankly speaking he 's no longer popular in Asia , esp . Hong Kong ! To Hong Kong people , his style and his action are too common and boring . He 's not funny -LRB- even he tries so hard to be an action comedian -RRB- and the way he acts is -LRB- ... -RRB- . He uses stunt man so offen and his kung fu is just like stupid dancing . For really kung fu , please go to look at Bruce Lee.Maybe he 's really hot in the eyes of American people , but some time later , you 'll know what I 'm saying !
 I liked this movie the first time when it was called Lethal Weapon , I mean Lethal Weapon 2 , I mean 48 Hours , etc. . I saw every joke coming from a mile away because it was borrowed from every other buddy cop movie ever made . For a younger audience , I 'm sure the movie was hilarious , but for a more seasoned audience , it just looks tired and old . It gets 2 stars instead of one because of the nice eye candy in Zhang Ziyi .
 One of the most frustrating things about Hollywood is thatonce an executive thinks they have a marketable brand , theystop caring to nurture it . So it is with RH2 , a far cry fromthe original . Yes , it 's still fun . But not fun-ny . There areso few scenes that are funny , it sets itself up even morefor disappointment when the action is strikingly average fora Jackie Chan picture . If you watch the DVD extras , you get agood impression that the director is a hack , the studio justwanted to make a buck off a sure thing -LRB- and they DID -RRB- , andJackie Chan saved this movie from being much worse with hiscreative input . Oh well .
 Pretty decent second outing with the pair trying to thwart an illegal counterfeiting operation and a subplot of Jackie Chan 's character on a vendetta to find the man who killed his father . There 's a lot of great stunt work , shootouts , action , and chase scenes with locations in Las Vegas , Hong Kong , and L.A. , but any movie with Chris Tucker , gets an automatic 1 star . Chris Tucker plays the same character in all his films . Ever since he ruined THE FIFTH ELEMENT -LRB- people thought Jar-Jar Binks in SW-The Phantom Menace was annoying -RRB- , any movie Chris Tucker -LRB- even the first RUSH HOUR -RRB- is in ... STINKS !! For all those who agree , watch JACKIE BROWN , Chris Tucker gets oft in the first half hour of the film . -LRB- Samuel Jackson sticks him in the trunk of an automobile and does a James Cagny on him . That was funny !! -RRB- Jackie Chan is as great and engaging as usual . . too bad Chris Tucker is n't .
 This is a hilarious movie because it has a Black man and a Chinese man in the lead roles.We do n't usually see people from these two ethnic groups interacting.And therein lies the premise of the movie.I 've got some ideas for Rush hour 3 . How about teaming an Eskimo with an Australian Aborigine.Or how about a crusty veteran Swedish policeman teamed with an eager rookie cop who just happens to be a Yanomamo Indian from Brazil.The movie practically writes itself : -LCB- Sven -LRB- the Swedish cop -RRB- turns on the radio -RCB- Sven
 Even Jackie Chan ca n't save this film . The plot is dumb , Chris Tucker 's character is too thin to take seriously , the bad guys are stupid and the fight scenes are cut too quickly to have the fun of watching Jackie do what he does best . Why does anyone think bad writing will be covered by lots of action and still be successful ??
 With the success of Rush Hour , I knew they were going to make a sequal . What I did n't know was how lame it would be . Rush Hour 2 falls in the cilched as the typical Hollywood sequal.This time around Chris Tucker and in Hong Kong for a vaction with his pal Jackie Chan . Chan takes jobs to track down a mob boss and pulls Tucker along for the ride , ruining Tucker 's vaction.Chan is always great . This man can do no harm , but with Tucker comes a bigger dilima . Tucker is just annoying through the majority of this movie . His racial jokes toward Chan 's ethincity was lame to same the lest . I hated how Hollywood had to resort to making fun of someone 's race . Make fun of a black man and it 's racisim but make fun of a chiness man and it 's comedy ... lame . The only thing worth while to this movie is the outtakes during the credits.As for the DVD , this Infinifilm Edition looks and sounds great . The DVD do n't pack many great extras , but there are some extras to fumble around with.A good DVD transpher of a poor movie makes this a rental if anything .
 This movie portrayed women only as objects of men 's desire . In trying to put humor to racial tension by sticking a black guy with a chinese guy , the oppression of women is used as a playing field . As the black and chinese man break racial and cultural barriers , they dig women into a deep , deep hole by being obsessed only by their bodies . There are scenes where women are portrayed as submissive tenants to men -LRB- in the chinese spa -RRB- and scenes where women are spied upon in a sexual manner -LRB- jackie and chris spying on the agent in the hotel -RRB- . Although the agent is a woman she is depicted as helpless and useful only to look at as her plans to unveil the chinese mafia 's crime are ruined by the men 's -LRB- Jackie and Chris -RRB- insensitivity to the operation . Even though this movie may do justice to race relations it gives a big TKO to the oppression of women .
 When you see the trailer of this movie , you lough more than seeing the movie itself.This is a bad sequel , the first RUSH HOUR , was really cool.This one is stupid and not funny at all.Chris Tucker is the only good thing here.Jackie Chan gives me the creeps .
 The biggest problem with ` Rush Hour 2 ' is n't how annoying Chris Tucker has become -LRB- and he has become annoying , degenerating from a loudmouth with a chip on his shoulder and something to prove that annoyed other characters to a loudmouth with a big ego that annoys the audience -RRB- , or how few and far between Jackie Chan 's fight sequences are -LRB- which , while breathtaking , seem almost obligatory -RRB- , or even how implausible the whole premise is . All of these could have been easily fixed . Instead the underlying cancer in this film is how little effort seems to have been put into the film 's creation . Perhaps everyone got a little cocky after the original made so much money , but you get the feeling watching ` Rush Hour 2 ' that everyone was just going through the motions . Writer Jeff Nathanson -LRB- the guy who penned the original -RRB- delivered barely half of a real script , his dialogue consisting of elaborate schemes to reverse many of the great lines from the original . And director Brett Ratner does n't do the film any favors by jumping from one locale to the next , as if a $ 90 million budget is the only reason he needs to shoot at three different locations.The story is n't important here , you 'll probably recognize it as a cheap copy of so many comedy crime films -LRB- think ` Lethal Weapon ' -RRB- . Chris Tucker does n't start acting -LRB- or pretending to act -RRB- until 75 % of the film has passed , and Jackie Chan , believe it or not , looks bored most of the time . Their characters , who previously had histories and motivations and depth that we could identify with , are now nothing more than caricatures of their respective races , rather than real people.This should have been an easy movie to make . All Ratner really had to do was everything he did in the first one , only in Hong Kong . He does n't even try.Ultimately , it ca n't decide what it wants to be , or where it wants to be , for that matter . It does n't have enough fighting to be a kung-fu movie , it does n't have enough comradery to be a buddy movie , and it is n't funny enough to be a comedy . But , it does have enough sloppy film making to be an absolute mess , changing tones more often than locales.Bottom line
 This was a stupid film . It is not funny , it is not entertaining , it is garbage . No wonder X-Men ; The Last Stand was stupid .
 In typical Jackie Chan fashion , the action and fight scenes were great . As an Asian-American , however , the jokes poking fun of the Chinese culture and others were too much . Chris Tucker chose the most evident things to make jokes about , and displayed the tendency of some Americans to be closed-minded about other cultures . It would 've been nice if Tucker redeemed himself at the end , but he continued to be the same close-minded jerk throughout the movie . Were it not for the awesome fight scenes , I would not have enjoyed the movie at all .
 Is this a Kung Fu movie or comedy ? Well the fights where boring and unimaginative . Unlike previous Jackie Chan movies . This movie pales in comparison to movies like Drunken Master and Rumble in the Bronx both in the comedic and action sense . The comedy on the other and relies mainly on Tucker 's character being a village idiot . Witch at times made me chuckle just out of pity . I do agree that the out takes where the funniest part of the movie . In closing I would just like to say do n't be suckered in by all the advertising brain washing that says this is anything but a B rate movie
 This has to be one of the worst movies of 2001 . The big problem , other than Chris Tucker 's unfunny big mouth , is the lame plot . -LRB- A suggestion to the producers
 junk !! n junk jink !! terrible unfuuny movi thaz waz ruining by Chirs tucker . when will thisz guy become funny ?? will thatz day ever happen ??!! he just kept on talking TRYING to make a joke after joke . chan was n't thT GREAT EITHER . really bad movie that i 'm suprisedz to knowz people will like.n it just proves anything canz getz made today , and someone will always like it . pure junk ... word out !
 The scene is a mythical California beach university , where shy , newly - `` out '' freshman Joe hopes to find his Mr. Right . He quickly meets Christian , a friendly guy whom Joe assumes is coming on to him . He 's not , but ... let 's just say that Christian has `` issues '' with his sexuality , which pretty much dictate most of the story . Joe decides to pledge Christian 's frat , Sigma Upsilon Kappa -LRB- or SUK for short - there 's not much humor here , and what there is , certainly is n't subtle -RRB- , which already has an openly gay brother and - obvious when you meet some of the others - more than its share of closet cases . Christian fixes up Joe with his gay -LRB- real , not frat -RRB- brother , and envies the rapport they quickly have with each other . Joe decides to run for student body president -LRB- As a freshman there less than a month ... yeah . that 's realistic ! -RRB- , but encounters some homophobia . Ho-hum . `` Issues 101 '' is a 2002 indie film -LRB- actually , it 's a video , and I 'd rate the technical quality below average -RRB- . I do n't knock the fact that it was likely shot on a tiny budget , but that the money was n't spent wisely . It has a title that makes it sound more like a documentary , a storyline that hangs on one guy 's confusion about his sexuality , trite unrealistic dialogue , and perhaps the most annoying -LRB- and loud -RRB- soundtrack music I have ever encountered . In their promotional flyer , the producers push the fact that former American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson has a small cameo in the film . The rest of the cast is quite forgettable , and Michael Rozman -LRB- as Joe , the main character -RRB- appears rather old to play a college freshman . Rear nudity , simulated sex would make for an R rating . Except for an extra star allowed for some eye candy , this would likely have been a one star review . As it is , I 'll give it two stars out of five .
 Were scenes deleted out of this movie because one scene after another did n't make sense . The dialog was all over the place , the acting was terrible , the college guy looked like he 's 40 , and Kelly Clarkson is in it for some reason .
 This has to be at the top of the list . Others have said much that is correct ... . the distributor must roll on the floor laughing anytime someone hands over $ 27.00 for this pile of ... well , you know.Perfectly Awful and only watchable for the ghastliness of it all .
 Bad porn dialog without the porn . I will not name the company , but all there stuf is bad , bad , bad . If your going to cast L A waiters on there off days , at least pick some that can lie convencely . This movie fails to do even that . Delusionaly bad dialogue , nothing sexy , and I guess they hope to make money off the quious . Sucks beyound belief . Do n't waist your time or money .
 This is one of the worst movies ever . This film deserves to be rated G. Ok it has a bit of gay sex , but there is only one scene where you can actually see full frontal nudity for 5 seconds and the sex scene is in the dark.The acting is even worse ... it could n't have been worse!The real star is Kelly Clarkson who plays a drunk party girl for 10 seconds!I 'd recommned it for nobody ! Except maybe obsessive fans of Kelly !
 I am writing this review , while watching this ... movie ? ... crap ? ... tragedy ? and this may already say something about this `` piece of art '' . It 's ages since I have seen something sooooo bad . As far as I am concerned , every kind of film -LRB- even an erotic one -RRB- should have a plot . Well , this one ... has n't got . You can easily watch it from the very end to the beginning.The people who pretend they are actors , are just ridiculous . Especially the guy in his mid 30 's , playing a collage student . His performance is really worth `` a standing ovation '' . The rest of his mates , without any problem , reach the same level of performance.Definitely , it is something I could easily recommend to see , BUT ONLY to my foes !
 I bought this cause it looked like it might be good , well that was far fetched ! The low budget I can deal with ! Its the acting thats aweful ! It reminds me of a really low budget edited for TV softcore porn , parts seem to have been chopped out and then pieced together in a not so uniform manner
 But I did just have to take some time to add to the chorus of how unspeakably bad this movie was . I mean , it was absolutely awful.The first ten minutes of the film had me confused , because we see Joe -LRB- Michael Rozman -RRB- getting ready to go off to college ... even he looks 35 ! We know he 's about to come out , but the friend to whom he comes out -- the one who comments that one of their high school pals has turned out to be a `` fruit '' -- comes across as pretty darn gay too , even though he claims to have a girlfriend.Then , Joe hits his new college and totally randomly meets Christian -LRB- Dennis Rittenhouse Jr. -RRB- playing volleyball . Christian is overly friendly and invites Joe back to his house , supposedly to talk up his fraternity ... and is shocked when Joe reveals that he thought it was a date . Yeah , right.The movie then gets progressively bad from there , with Joe and Christian unknowingly getting filmed in the act of hooking up , then with Joe meeting and falling in love with Christian 's younger brother , and no one seeming to bat an eye that Joe has now hooked up with both Christian and his younger brother -LRB- even though Joe clearly still primarily has feelings for Christian and would probably dump Michael in a heartbeat if Christian actually finally emerged from the closet.With one notable exception , the acting is horrific . It seems like every single `` straight '' boy in this film is played by a gay guy , and poorly at that . I keep reading things about how there 's so few out gay actors in Hollywood films ; perhaps this movie can give a small clue as to why
 This is the type of picture that gives gay themed movies a bad name.It 's amazing that the producers of this movie were able to find a complete cast of performers that is completely devoid of acting talent . How did this film get cast ? I ca n't believe anybody got a role in this turkey as the result of an audition . This cast -LRB- no way they can be called actors -RRB- must all be friends of the filmmaker . There is not a single actor to be seen that is even halfway competent , and it is a fairly large cast . I guess there is no shortage of talent-free wannabes . Especially laughable are the obviously gay non-actors attempting to portray heterosexuals , commenting on various women 's physical endowments and discussing their past sexual conquests . Now we 're really in Fantasyland.The script is ludicrous ; totally without coherence and the production is definitely bargain basement quality . The picture and sound make it obvious that it was shot with a single video camera.How do films this bad ever get made ? It 's a mystery . Avoid this one at all costs !
 There is one good thing about this DVD . In the extras there is an interview with one of the `` actors '' who apparently is straight . THAT boy should have a mantel full of Oscars . Otherwise this is the BY FAR the worst thing you 'll see this year . Your jaw will drop in amazement at the `` acting '' of the middle-aged college students and the `` plot '' . If you have a choice between being buried alive and watching this movie , grab a shovel .
 I thought You Got Served , or even the gay film Denied , were the worst films ever . I was wrong.Absolutely nothing in this movie makes sense . Since when do fraternity brothers strike up a conversation with a stranger at the beach , invite him over to his house -LRB- not the frat house -RRB- for a beer , and then * not * be gay ? Since when do insecure pledges brazenly hit on fraternity brothers ? Why in God 's name are two perfectly and extremely attractive men both in love -LRB- even if one has `` issues '' -RRB- with the main character of this film , when , frankly , the main character is n't exactly easy on the eyes and is a bit of a whiner -LRB- in other words , he has neither looks nor personality going for him ... it 's like a Ron Jeremy film , where you just ca n't understand what redeeming qualities his co-stars are finding in him -RRB- . These are just some of the problems I had with the film . Others are mentioned in other reviews , such as poor acting , poor directing , poor cinematography , but one was n't
 My boyfriend thought we should rent this huge mess because he is part of a gay fraternity and thought it would be fun to watch a movie about a gay man pledging a straight fraternity and falling for one of the Brothers . The only good thing about renting this crap is that we discovered one of the Brothers in my boyfriend 's fraternity kept his participation in this movie a secret and now we can get on his case . Yup , unfortunately I know one of the actors playing a fraternity Brother in this so-called `` film . `` Bad acting , bad directing , and terrible dialogue are just some of the things wrong with this disaster . Add to that a storyline that does n't make sense -LRB- since when are half the guys in a fraternity gay and all the other brothers accepting of it , since when do guys in a frat makes the pledges go down on them in order to be initiated , since when does someone so easily get invited to pledge a frat after an accidental meeting at the beach seconds earlier ? -RRB- and a slow , tedious pace and you have one of the worst films ever made . Plus , it 's obvious all the actors are gay and either friends with the direcor or slept with him at one point , and none are convincing playing straight men.I do n't know what the filmmakers were thinking . They had a decent $ 75,000 budget with which they could have at least made something even remotely worthwhile . This is just a step above a really bad porno . DO NOT SEE IT !!!
 Issues 101 , directed by John Lincoln III , tells the ridiculous story of a gay man , Joe , who decides to attend college and finds himself attracted to a bi-sexual guy named Christian . It ends up that Joe falls for Christian 's brother and in the process alot of pain is inflicted on the viewer . Bad acting , horrible sound quality , terrible music , and a script that has lost its way finds this movie both insulting with it stereotypical views of jocks , frat and gays . This movie was so bad I decided to have a few vodkas about a 1/3 of the way through to diminish the pain . The movie is so unrealastic it should be rated as fantasy / comedy . I advise all viewers to ditch the issues in this movie and save yourself some of your hard earned money .
 This movie -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- was totally gay . Just so ... so gay . And I do n't mean that in the sexual orientation sense of the word.Alright , So there are still many gay films out there that have that hokey `` afterschool special '' feel to them but this movie is in a league all it 's own . What freshman gay guy who 's just coming out would then try and get into a stifling environment like a fraternity anyway ? typically one would come out * after * pledging . Plus , fratguys do n't talk to each other about they 're innermost feelings -LRB- some of the scenes even had me wincing going
 The concept is good but it stops there . The script is somewhat amateur , the casting is unrealistic in age/maturity perspective and most of all the acting would fail most high school drama classes .
 Issues 101 is a movie that tries earnestly to explore gay themes , but I think anyone considering purchasing this DVD should be aware that it 's a video so there really are n't any `` film '' production values . It concerns the character of Joe -- a college freshman , but I think maybe he 's a graduate school candidate . He 's recently out , and befriends a frat guy who somehow convinces him to pledge a `` fraternity . '' The frat letters are `` sigma upsilon kappa '' -- suk -- get it ?? This is one twisted house . Joe spends the majority of the movie convincing his `` big brother '' in the frat house that they should have sex regularly . This `` straight '' big brother seems more than happy to comply -- this is the `` issue '' the movie is exploring . It was shot in video , and between the weak story , mediocre acting , and porn-quality music , it feels like you 're watching a soft porn film . If you 're expecting a high-quality film exploring deeper relationship issues , understand this is n't the movie you expect . And the American Idol Kelly Clarkson appearance ? She 's on screen for about 10 seconds in a scary scene where a frat boy picks her up with a `` Hey , wan na go to the back room ? '' Not one of her better career moves .
 When I happened upon this movie , a couple of things caught my eye
 It really did n't take much to entertain me when I was a kid . I even liked Godzilla movies . When Ed Wood films turned up in the pages of Famous Monsters of Filmland , I took them seriously.But I also remember MESA OF LOST WOMEN , a movie so bad that my eyes were actually opened to just how horrible some movies could be . And that I might be wasting my time -- even watching Chiller Theatre.It 's not that this movie got me to grow up , but I definitely wanted to see something good afterward ... -LRB- The shame is that there are still so many good -- and great -- movies that you ca n't find on DVD ! -RRB-
 Maybe you guessed this is a bad movie and want to find out whether it 's silly and fun enough to be entertaining and worth buying . I 'd say no . I wanted to like it when I saw it , but it was too boring to be entertaining . There are some unintended laughs , but not many enough . The best thing about it is the music . It 's quite cool.Trivia
 There is one thing about this movie that stands out in my mind . The music is awful ; really awful . The music is so awful that even if the movie content had been five stars , the music would have knocked it back to two stars . The combination of repetitive , annoying guitar and a spinet or piano that appear to be out of tune , poorly played , or playing bad music , is terrible on the ears . By the time the movie reaches its final seconds , you are thankful for the end of the music.The whole movie is a flashback of a guy brought out of the desert who wants to go burn something . This fellow 's ravings are so intense that you think this movie has promise . Now we go to a flashback.We meet Dr. Leland Masterson -LRB- Harmon Stevens , appeared in a relatively small number of roles in his 15 year film career -RRB- who willingly goes to Zarpa Mesa to see Dr. Aranya 's efforts . Dr. Aranya is played by Jackie Coogan , a long-time veteran of television and movies who many may remember best as the original Uncle Fester on `` The Addam 's Family . '' Dr. Masterson sees how horrible Dr. Aranya 's experiments are , and he refuses to help , and then goes bonkers , turning into some sort of weird ultra-goodie for much of the rest of the movie . Dr. Masterson shoots a woman who we know is one of the super spider women , and then climbs on board a plane to head somewhere . The engine conks and the passengers land , by happy coincidence -LRB- can you see this one coming ? -RRB- , on Zarpa Mesa.Evening falls and passengers are picked off one-by-one with weird puncture marks . Finally , the few remaining passengers are taken to Dr. Aranya 's laboratory , where a big fight ensues , there are flames and an explosion and we are returned to the present . Wow . Such excitement . Such danger . What an awesome movie.This movie is so bad that it is bad . There is minimal charm to the movie . I like Jackie Coogan , but his role could have been played by anyone . The music was awful . The best part of the whole movie was the plane crash , which I thought was reasonably realistic . With movies like these I try to either be at least a little frightened , or amused . I was neither with this movie . I wish there was some way to put this movie into perspective so that you have an idea of whether you should buy it . Since I can not , I will say that if you like a movie that is about tarantula women , with minimal appearances of any real tarantulas , and you can handle the awful music , then by golly , this could be just the movie for you . However , I will note that this movie is worse than anything comparable by Ed Wood , so you can go from there.Good luck !
 Once upon a time I thought Manos the Hands of Fate was the worst film ever made . Recently I decided to get this because it sounded interesting and had a giant spider.Well this gives Manos a run for its money as far as being atrociousWhy1 - The Spider isnt on screen enough2 - The * acting * was just terrible3 - the music was irritating . . extremely irritatingThis lacked any decent characters and was a complete dud . Jackie Coogan -LRB- yes he was Uncle Fester in the Adams Family -RRB- probably disowned this movie a long time ago . He is conducting experiments with females with the soul of a Spider injected into themThis is for those that like complete total Z grade schlock.If you are someone who likes Z movies , totally inept movies like Manos , Dungeon of Harrow , you might like it.The image DVD is the one to get because they take the time to clean up -LRB- as best as they could -RRB- the transfer . So while the print was clear the movie wasntWatch for the dancing girl who does ` the spider ' . . Bad movie , even by my standards . .
 This has to be the greatest degree of ineptitude the film world has ever seen!Stars Jackie Coogan as a mad scientist who injects women with `` spider juices . `` The soundtrack consists of the same 3 chords on a Spanish guitar over and over again . A group of travelers crash their plane into a mesa in the desert and are help captive by Coogan and his spider-women-things . The film is so bad you will have difiiculty following the plot ... or is there one?This truly could be considered the biggest honker of all time , right up there with `` The Giant Claw . '' If you have money to burn , buy this video and laugh your socks of !
 I have been on a binge of c-grade scifi flicks of the 50s/60s , and I barely got thru this one . Indeed , it was so ridiculously bad that I do n't think I am going to return to this genre for a number of years . Jackie Coogan was what attracted me to this and I was hoping to find an old gem with some ideas , interesting monsters , and the inadvertent laughs one expects from such films . But there was nothing appealing in the film , from the truly awful acting to the dull , cheap prop of a monster . The story line , unsurprisingly , was utterly unoriginal.Not recommended .
 Two people are found wandering in the desert . They are brought back to a local clinic where upon recovering from sun stroke the man wants to immediately burn `` it . '' `` Burn what ? '' you say . Well He slows down to tell the tale of a Doctor on a remote mesa that is a little ahead of his time working with you guessed it Lost Women and things best left to nature . We are now in for a 70 minute flash back.With great actors as Jackie Coogan -LRB- you can tell he must be the bad guy with a huge mole on his face -RRB- , Allan Nixon , Tandra Quinn and Delores Fuller , You know it can not go wrong . Yeah , sure.The dialog gets a little boring and some of the screen play -LRB- by Herbert Tevos -RRB- is a little disoriented . I suspect that much was cut out for brevity ; so we must make great leaps and assume we just missed something.There is a great dance scene by Tarantella -LRB- Tandra Quinn -RRB- that would subdue Captain Kirk had he been there.Do not worry though we have wonderful background music by Hoyt Curtin that consists of an off key flamingo guitar and a spinet that wo n't spin ; I think they are trying to sound Spanish ; you get to hear it during the beginning credits ; You get to hear it during the narration -LRB- by Lyle Talbot -RRB- ; you get to hear it every time a suspenseful scene appears ; You get to hear it every time one does not ; you still hear it when the DVD is safely packed away .
 This ridiculous movie is so bad you just sit and shake your head . There is a `` dance '' scene in a `` cantina '' that is so horrific you are embarrassed for the actress . There are also numerous politically uncorrect references , including characters named `` Wu '' and `` Pepe . '' Buy for laughs only !
 There is one thing about this movie that stands out in my mind . The music is awful ; really awful . The music is so awful that even if the movie content had been five stars , the music would have knocked it back to two stars . The combination of repetitive , annoying guitar and a spinet or piano that appear to be out of tune , poorly played , or just bad music , is terrible on the ears . By the time the movie reaches its final seconds you are thankful for the end.The whole movie is a flashback of a guy brought out of the desert who wants to go burn something . This fellow 's ravings are so intense that you think this movie has promise . Now we go to a flashback.We meet Dr. Leland Masterson -LRB- Harmon Stevens -RRB- who willingly goes to Zarpa Mesa to see Dr. Aranya 's efforts . Dr. Aranya is played by Jackie Coogan , a long-time veteran of television and movies who many may remember best as the original Uncle Fester on `` The Addam 's Family . '' Dr. Masterson sees how horrible Dr. Aranya 's experiments are , and he refuses to help , and then goes bonkers , turning into some sort of weird ultra-goodie for much of the rest of the movie . Dr. Masterson shoots a woman who we know is one of the super spider women , and then climbs on board a plane to head somewhere . The engine conks and the passengers land by happy coincidence -LRB- can you see this one coming ? -RRB- on Zarpa Mesa.Evening falls and passengers are picked off one-by-one with weird puncture marks . Finally , the few remaining passengers are taken to Dr. Aranya 's laboratory , where a big fight ensues , there are flames and an explosion and we are returned to the present . Wow . Such excitement . Such danger . What an awesome movie.This movie is so bad that it is bad . There is minimal charm to the movie . I like Jackie Coogan , but his role could have been played by anyone . The music was awful . The best part of the whole movie was the plane crash , which I thought was reasonably realistic . With movies like these I try to either be at least a little frightened , or amused . I was neither with this movie . I wish there was some way to put this movie into perspective so that you have an idea of whether you should buy it . Since I can not , I will say that if you like a movie that is about tarantula women , with minimal appearances of any real tarantulas , and you can handle the awful music , then by golly , this could be just the movie for you . However , I will note that this movie is worse than anything comparable by Ed Wood , so you can go from there .
 Oh , this is so bad . The second half of the movie should have just been left on the cutting room floor . The first half is interesting and looks like it will build up to a pretty good story . A mad scientist experiments on humans and insects . Since the female is superior in the insect world , his women are super strong babes . The men in his experiments are evil little dwarfs . So by injecting human female growth enzymes into spiders , we have giant tarantulas.No doubt you 've heard of the seductive and ultra sexy dance performed in the bar by Tandra Quinn . It is not over-exaggerated . For it 's time it 's probably the hottest bit of celluloid from that era . Clearly it is the high point of the movie.Well , that 's about it . A plane and its party are hi-jacked and are forced to land on the mesa top of the evil scientist 's lab . From here on out it 's a waste of time . The director was not trying to build suspense , he was trying to eat up film and time so this would be a movie and not a half hour Twilight Zone episode . The back and forth begins across the set begins!The ` nurse ' decides to explore in the dark by himself and is killed by a spider and screams.After much ballyhoo and useless dialog , everyone decides to investigate . They walk across the set to the dead nurse . Then they head back.The girl lost her hair band , bracelet , or whatever the heck it was , and the ` Man Friday ' is sent to look for it . Of course he is working for the mad scientist and gets killed by him when he descends into the lab.Now there is more walking around the set -LRB- Meanwhile we have a romance building up between the girl and the pilot -RRB- . The girl 's fianc&eacute;e get 's killed by a spider 's stomach , and finally they make it down to the lab . OK let 's see , the super strong female -LRB- who is immune to bullets by the way -RRB- is held easily by an ordinary girl . They escape and wrap up the film conveniently with an explosion -LRB- what else -RRB- ? The film ends with a super girl on the side of the cliff , watching and waiting.The worst part of the movie by far is the music -LRB- yes , it 's worse than the not-so-special effects -RRB- . It 's this piano/guitar thing that just plays over and over and over and over.Watch with caution , but do n't expect much . When you say you 'd rather watch Cat Women on the Moon instead of this , that 's really saying something .
 Ed Wood 's `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' has nothing on this amateurish attempt at science fiction . Widely available in the public domain , `` Mesa of Lost Women '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- is n't even good for laughs . However , it does offer the most grating score in film history . Recommended for viewers dying to see Jackie Coogan as a mad scientist .
 MESA OF LOST WOMEN is truly a bad movie -- unfortunately it is not bad enough in the `` good '' category to be even remotely entertaining . There is plenty or blame to go around . The acting is atrocious . There is no chance that the audience will suspend however momentarily the ability to withold the difference between the false reality of any film and the non-reality of this one . Jackie Coogan of `` The Adams Family '' fame is Dr. Aranya -LRB- Spanish for `` spider '' -RRB- who develops a serum that can change spiders into women -- or is it the reverse ; the film does not make that clear . None of the other actors is a household name -- except perhaps for Mona Mackinnon , who stars in the immortal PLAN NINE FROM OUTER SPACE , an opus that puts this one to shame . Then there is the budget . Does the term `` shoestring '' come to mind ? Other films have had to operate under much the same handicap , but the best of that lot manage to redeem themselves by redirecting the audience 's attention away from the truly god-awful special effects by some minimally competent acting and directing . No such luck here . There are a few shots of a rubbery spider that descends on a hapless victim even as one can see the not hidden strings manipulating that descent . There is the abysmal directing of Ron Ormand and Herbert Tevos , who have the actors hold hands like children crossing the street as they wander through the lost mesa jungle . And they do this more than once for no apparent reason . Finally , there is the manner in which Ormand and Tevos use a confusing narrative point of view of flashbacks within flashbacks . As they misdirect the viewer by having one flashback which suggests one coherent narrator , they inexplicably switch to an internal flashback with an unrelated other narrator . And this switching happens yet a third time before they abandon the concept altogether by dropping all previous narrators and filming a sequential plot with predictably disastrous results . The only redeeming point is the weirdly sexy cantina dance of Tarantella -LRB- get it , Tarantula ? -RRB- played by Tandra Quinn , who undulates her arms in a manner mildly suggestive of a spider 's limbs . There is no point going over the plot in any reasonably coherent way . By the film 's close , it becomes clear that the lost women of the title are not the only lost ones .
 Jackie Coogan stars as Dr. Arana who is a crazed scientest who is breeding giant arachnids and dwarves in his hidden laboratory located in the Zapra Mesa in Mexico . His diabolical scheme is to form an army of superwomen by taking them and genetically altering them with spider venom making them into Spider-Women . Also a group of people on a plane crash land -LRB- not on an island with Polar Bears and mysteries Hatches -RRB- in the Zapra Mesa . Soon they try to stay alive as things lurk in the dark jungle trying to get to them and they try to survive the on coming dangers ahead . Like a Giant Spider which I think was wearing a diaper I dont remember . Tandra Quinn as Tarantella boosted this up to a two star rating with her sexy dance . Damnit that damn guitar music ! It never went away and it was in every scene . The Dwarves were funny when they rean away . I was expecting one of them to have a pick axe . Campy fun all around . Also starring a cool Samuel Wu as well Wu and get this the only movie he did was , well ... this .
 This movie is relentless . I am a huge fan of grade-Z cinema , but this is sub-Ed Wood in quality -LRB- in fact many of the people involved in bringing this travesty to life were friends and associates of Wood -RRB- , and commits the unforgivable bad movie sin of being boring.As you might expect , the plot is a bit difficult to follow in places , but essentially deals with Jackie Coogan as the evil Dr. Arana -LRB- also spelled Aranya in some versions -RRB- , which , cleverly , is Spanish for `` spider . '' Given that piece of foreshadowing it 's pretty much inevitable that he will create huge , chemically mutated leaping spiders , dancing spider women , as well as a bunch of dwarf men in accordance with his understanding of the arachnid world . There are subplots about a plane crash , murder , and romance , but honestly , the whole thing is so tepid that I just ended up screaming `` End ! '' at the television for the last twenty minutes of the film or so . The dancing scenes are particularly un-erotic , despite the reaction shots of the men in the audience , while the portrayal of `` Pepe , '' the standard-issue cartoonishly superstitious Mexican national definitely dates this turkey.I was feeling generous and gave this film two stars on the basis of the hilarious spider puppets and the endless droning flamenco guitar soundtrack , which is ever present and wildly inappropriate . Do n't get me wrong , the soundtrack is awful , it just gets a bonus star for the comic juxtaposition against otherwise odorous background action . The `` double narration '' technique is also quite annoying , as there are several places where there is not one , but two narrators explaining what 's going on . On balance , though , it 's good that someone is explaining it , or I might have to watch it again to try and figure it out for myself.This one is for Jackie Coogan completists -LRB- if there is such a thing -RRB- only . As an alternative , you can give it as a gift to someone you want to subtly torture while remaining within Geneva Convention guidelines .
 Funny movie , a little wayout ! Just wanted to buy it because Tab Hunter was in it .
 OK . This movie was just bad . So bad I had to get a thesaurus to adequately communicate the stench ... a stench so foul I still have my windows open to clear the air -LRB- even though it 's 14 degrees out tonight -RRB- : abominable , amiss , atrocious , awful , bad news , beastly , blah , bottom out , bummer , careless , cheap , cheesy , crappy , cruddy , crummy , defective , deficient , diddly , dissatisfactory , downer , dreadful , garbage , god-awful , gross , grungy , icky , inadequate , inferior , junky , lousy , not good , off , poor , raunchy , rough , sad , scuzzy , sleazeball , sleazy , slipshod , stinking , substandard , synthetic , the pits.Maybe I 'm understating it a bit , though ...
 I know it 's supposed to be bad , but I did n't know it was supposed to be useless . Nevermind the amateurish everything , that 's fine , it just was n't funny -LRB- maybe a line here or there -RRB- . Not inspired just dumb , keep your cult . John Waters still seems like a great guy though .
 I get it that this is a cult movie for afficionados of John Waters.None of that changes the fact that it has not aged well , despite the fact that Tab Hunter IS kind of cute.Okay , I do kind of like the `` odorama '' gimmick . But that 's not enough to redeem this seedy , pseudo-subversive film . I do understand that the obvious charges against it -- sad , sorry , sexist , stupid , stereotyped , shoddy , etc. -- are beside the point ; the response from defenders can only be `` DUH ! '' Of course that 's the point . Outrage ! -LRB- with a capital O !! -RRB- But really is that enough of a point ? No , I do n't think so . This bizarre and tired film will deservedly sink to oblivion with -LRB- not very much more -RRB- time -- and good luck to it ! I would n't wish watching it on my worst enemy . Life is too short to spend ANY of it on such low-budget dreck.I definitely recommend against wasting your money here !
 To be fair I 'm not a Fred fan , but I 'm also not a Fred hater , and had a laugh or two in recent years when someone dropped a link to a particular Fred youtube , so the synopsis and the free episode caught my eye as something to fill in a little break time . Did Fred ever translate into funny professional entertainment ? I ca n't say for sure , since I never paid attention to the movie , but this sitcom episode is just awful.The plot and characters are not fresh , but plenty of comedy holds up just fine under these conventions , and while I do like the approach of taking real and common human flaws and amplifying them to a bizarre degree , that 's not at all new in itself either . The true failing is that they are quirky and overwrought in a way that could only work at being funny or interesting in the orbit of a star that delights us , and there is none here . What was kind of funny in the past in the vlog of an amusing kid has somewhere along the way turned into an uninspired shtick that seems now vaguely creepy in this young man that no longer fits the role of ... well ... whatever it is they were aiming for in this uninspired short .
 I like Fred videos online , and I enjoyed the television Fred movie -LRB- albeit I disliked its sequel , `` Night of the Living Fred '' -RRB- . However , I knew that both were stupid yet enjoyable , and this is a good television series to watch when nothing better -LRB- or more tolerable , considering the fact that I loathe many programs available today because of the superb quality possessed by programs available during the 1990s -RRB- is on , but the premise and jokes are a bit stupid . If they made Fred 's character a bit smarter for the television series and made a few of the other characters just a tad more realistic -LRB- while still showing many hilariously eccentric qualities simultaneously -RRB- perhaps the series would be a bit better , but let 's face it
 My son loves nature documentaries and has been fascinated by the Galapagos Islands lately . When we saw this while browsing on our Roku we thought it looked interesting . We ordered it . The intro looked cheesy but I thought it might get better . In 10 minutes it was over ... what kind of documentary is 10 minutes long ? Do n't waste your money ...
 This series is being sold with missing episodes , like many others here in Unbox . Do they think their customers are so dumb ? Would you buy a DVD series with a missing DVD ? What sense does this make ? What a disappointment this service is ...
 I * love * NCIS . This is the only show on TV that I actually make an effort to watch . Having said that ... the Unbox format is like communism
 I 'm a fan of NCIS , but living in australia means that the episodes and dvd 's area released months behind those in the USA . Why is this only available to those in the USA ?
 The first part of the first episode was very good . I would rate the rest , but after 3 minutes each one stops working , and repeated refreshes and other attempted solutions fail to make it play . Also , I 've checked other shows , they all work.My advice for anyone interested in this series
 It was to dark , could n't see the picture , and what all that was happening . Never did know what the movie was about , is kane good or evil .
 Reminds me of the movies that caught my attention when I did n't know anything about acting or writing . If it had good special effects and a lot of action it would look good . But then once you got more than 10 minutes into the film you 'd realize the crap you were watching . Now I can do it in 9 minutes .
 This movie tries its hardest to create a good vs evil movie in the likeness of Van Helsing but falls flat on its face . There is no actual good in the movie , just an evil English pirate that escapes from the Devil -LRB- somehow ? -RRB- and vows to do no more violence so god will protect his soul . The donates all the wealth of noble family to the church in an obvious exchange for sanctuary at a monastery , and few days later is kicked out because a priest had a vision that it was the right thing to do . The main character chooses not even file a complaint regarding his money ... in a time when the church was selling eternal salvation for a few pennies . The next scene involves him joining with some decent puritan travelers , all the while knowing the devil is looking to steal his soul , and most likely kill anyone around him -LRB- just like the opening scene -RRB- He is surprised the devil finds and kills the travelers he is with , as we watches , and then when god apparently does not interfere , he decides that god actually does want to start killing people again . He kills some servants of the devil , and some more , and some more . Nothing else of much significance happens ... or I assume so because my I could not bring myself to watch movie any further.My guess is that he fights some more evil dudes , a couple evil `` bosses '' and then deals a non-fatal but sufficiently annoying blow to the devil physically or through some soul-trading contractual trick , or ancient weapon , that allows the movie to end with the character in the same beleaguered state he was in after the opening scene , allowing for a sequel ... and another sequel . Its also possible that he makes some sacrifice , and actually trades his soul in the end to save the young virgin puritan girl who was kidnapped by the devil 's men . Possibly god intervenes following this act of sacrifice ? -LRB- again , another contractual device -RRB- Regardless this movie was garbage . Do n't watch this for free . There is a reason why Amazon is providing a 10min preview for free ... because the first 10 minutes is the best 10 minutes of the movie , and a standard trailer would probably lead you to avoid the movie.I warned you .
 Not only is the whole show based on a brother & sister who are always fighting -LRB- acting -RRB- but its about wannabe mob-like italians . The show is just plain boring , they are not rich so nothing they do is exciting ... ex , having dinner , shooting guns , going to christenings , etc. . Frankly its just a bunch of low class Italian guidos , half of which are in bankrupsy , trying to act like big shots . They all give New Jersey a bad name and I lived there all my life . I wouldnt waste my money on this reality show -LRB- and I love reality shows -RRB- check out the New York housewives or Beverly Hills housewives atleast they have class , money and fun things to watch !
 It was choppy and did n't playback very well at all . I have n't had this problem before maybe something needs to be adjusted on my computer but i am not sure .
 Seasons 1 and 2 are way better than this piece of trash . They introduce Teresa 's hothead , chauvinistic prick of a brother and his painfully oblivious and bitchy wife . I stopped watching after one episode . I 'm glad they managed to have two good seasons before introducing Melissa and Kathy -LRB- + families -RRB- .
 RIP OFF ALERT !!!!!!!!!!! Normally all my video I buy from Amazon are great and I have no problems . The video I last ordered
 Rest assured I 'm not going to use any of the following words in my review
 Do n't waste your time watching this film . It 's so horrible . You should win a prize if you can actually watch the whole thing . The acting is bad . No plot . Every thing is just horrible .
 please ... this is possibly one of the worst movie ideas ive ever heard and one of the worst movies ive ever seen . I saw paris hilton on the front of the box , saw the word sex on the back and rented it ... big mistake ... its very `` student film '' meets `` the blair witch project '' in its filming quality and technique ... a lot like `` thirteen '' which is a great movie . I found myself laughing thru-out this movie at its stupidity and marveled the idea of how the director , writers , and actors could possibly take themselves seriously ! the plot is total nonsense ... 4 up town rich brats dont like how some cops treat them , who should have been turned in in the 1st place , so they kill one of them ... 1st ... most rich kids would have cried to mommy and daddy and gotton them involved ... not taken matters into their own hands ... and 2nd they wouldnt hang out in trashy neighborhoods ... they stay at the country clubs and tennis courts . So then they just go on killing everyone they dont like ... whatever . Paris Hilton , the only reason this movie is given a 2nd look , barely is in the movie and despite what people say , her acting isnt THAT bad ... i mean yea shes no judy garland or halle berry ... but honestly what do you expect ... and she delivers well considering who she is.i totaly wanted to shoot the tv when the ending happened ! i was like NOOOO !! why the kid who had everything going for him ! why that kid ! sure get the pampered druggie stupid kid who didnt know what color he was but not the guy we actually kinda liked !! i was mad!and yea the store owner ... what the heck . . ok so these kids steal from you all the time , and u still allow them in your store ?? frankly you deserve to get robbed every time ... its so stupid ! ugh this is like top 5 worst movies EVER and if u disagree ... wtf is wrong with you ! yea true everyone is entitled to their own opinion ... but this ... this is totaly crap ! stupid violence just there for the sake of being there , barely any sex scence and when u see them u find out one of the girls is a man ... and its just stupid ! id rather sit through `` valentine '' again than watch this again ...
 Not great , watchable but lets face it , Paris ai n't too much of an actress but lets let her believe that she is ... for now -LRB- she 's unstopable for the time being -RRB- . I put the movie on at 10:30 pm but could n't stay awake to watch the end . It 's not engaging with the viewer and the `` drama '' does n't keep you on edge thinking what 's going to happen next ? Not for people taking a chance on a movie , but for Paris Hilton devotees ONLY ! Paris should stick to what ever it is that she does best , but it definetly ai n't acting . God save us from the album so busily recording !
 Oh sweet Jesus . This really earned its place as # 15 on IMDB 's bottom 100 . Now do n't get me wrong , you should 100 % buy this , I was laughing the entire time at how absolutely horrid every moment of this movie is.The editing is awful , absolute crap . There is literally a heart-iris in this movie , no really . There are flashbacks and other time changes that make no sense and shots are reused frequently.The writing is garbage , it 's impossible to take any of the characters seriously at all . One of the guys , while trying to be a badass , actually says , `` man , I 'm cereal '' instead of saying `` serious '' . No really that 's in the movie . None of the characters develop at at and are poorly defined to begin with . All of the plot elements barely make sense , nobody 's motivations are clear and NOTHING is resolved in the end . Paris Hilton happens to appear in the movie , even though she does n't really need to , her character actually directly says to the main character that she only dates guys for their money , but he still is in love with her for the rest of the movie.Basically this is beyond horrible , like you could n't imagine , and it 's fantastic.Buy it now .1 / 10 in quality10/10 in enjoyment .
 There 's really not much to say about this movie except that it sucks . The acting is so bad it takes away from anything you can say postive about it . Paris Hilton is suppose to be the `` hot chick '' in this but she looks downright terrible . Who wears a dress like that to a furneral ? Everything about this movie is laughable .
 I just wasted almost 2 hours of my life watching this useless drivel . Poor acting , plot , etc. . If you like this genre , do yourself a favor and see ` Alpha Dog ' instead - it 's hot and this is not .
 Actually sitting down and watching a Paris Hilton film is about as wild and crazy as I get . The Hillz really is n't a Paris Hilton film at all , though ; it 's just a film that she happens to appear in . I do n't think the Oscars are going to come calling at the Hilton estate any time soon . The really sad thing is that everyone else in the cast is even a worse actor/actress than Paris . I might mention the fact that Paris actually keeps her clothes on in this movie - although her funeral scene attire was a wardrobe malfunction waiting to happen.Oddly enough , this film could have been OK ; all it needed was a decent writer , a decent director , a decent producer , a few decent actors , and some decent film quality . Since The Hillz has none of those things , it basically does a complete cannonball into an empty swimming pool . If I did n't know better , I would think Eminem wrote the script . The Hillz is basically all about a group of white , nouveau riche , teenaged hooligans who embrace a life of crime . In high school , they are just bored , no-good juvenile delinquents - and the cops are no better than they are . After high school , though , every policeman within 100 miles of The Hillz obviously left town because Duff and his gang of hooligans and thugs beat people up , sell drugs , use drugs , and murder people in cold blood - in broad daylight . There is apparently no community watch group in The Hillz because it 's sort of hard for a whole neighborhood to not notice anything suspicious when a gang of kids cursing at the tops of their lungs start blowing each others ' brains out in the middle of the street in the middle of the day . Gorehounds , I must say , will be disappointed because we hardly see any blood whatsoever . The characters themselves hardly even notice when Duff has one of his episodes and spontaneously takes somebody 's head off - although one character does utter the words `` uncalled for '' in the wake of one of the murders.There are trace elements of morality in this dark story . A couple of the main characters walk away from the gang after the killing starts , only to be sucked back in -LRB- one way or another -RRB- before the credits roll . The narrator is supposedly some guy who learned his lesson and is looking back on what happened to him , but he 's just as dumb as Duff . If this is some kind of morality tale , it 's not a very good one . The narrator guy happens to be madly in love with Heather Smith -LRB- Paris Hilton -RRB- , even though she 's self-centered and superficial -LRB- Paris was n't exactly forced to act out of character for this film -RRB- . Paris does n't really bring a lot to the actual story , but she -LRB- unlike her equally untalented co-stars -RRB- can generate sales . When Paris Hilton is about the only thing going for a movie , you know it has some real problems .
 I only rented this movie because Paris Hilton was on the cover . Little did I know it is n't about her at all ... and she 's only in about 10 minutes of it . The film quality is terrible and it really looks like someone went outside with a home video camera and taped it . On top of that , the acting is very bad . The actors show no emotion at all . And ... the events are completly unbelievable . These rich kids just go around killing people for stupid reasons -LRB- like someone owes them $ 80 -RRB- and they never get caught . On top of all that , whoever edited the movie put little stupid effects like a twinkle on this one rich guy 's tooth when he smiled . Everything about this movie was dumb . I really think anyone could go out , buy a video camera and some cheap editing program , and make a movie better than this . If it did n't have Paris Hilton ... it would have NOTHING going for it .
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life . It is so bad that it was hilarious . I have n't laughed so hard in a movie in a long time . The acting , script and editing are all awful . Every scene in the movie had nothing to do with anything . Anytime anyone said anything , it had nothing to do with anything that was going on in the movie . Horrible .
 * minor spoilers -LRB- not that reading them would help you understand this film -RRB- * Narrated from the perspective of pseudo-protagonist Steve 5 -LRB- Jesse Woodrow -RRB- , `` The Hillz '' is one of the more recent cinematic enterprises attempting to illustrate -LRB- invent ? -RRB- a particularly sad genre of American culture
 This is the worst movie that I have ever seen !! Paris Hilton sucks as a actress . I fell asleep 4 times during the movie and could n't wait for it to end . Do n't waste your money buying it .
 If you are watching the DVD jacket of ` The Hillz ' and thinking that Paris Hilton is the star of the film , you are utterly mistaken . She is only third-billed , and the story about those affluent and spoiled kids in Hillz has virtually little to do with her supporting role . You know this kind of thing sometimes happens when some filmmakers or company are desperately trying to cash in on the presence of celebrity in the film , and uses his or her name to attract the unsuspecting customers like me.But even so , you know , things turn out unexpected sometimes , and if you 're lucky , you find an amazing film ignored by many . No such luck here . ` Hillz ' clearly wants to be a gangster film with humor , but gangster part is terribly clich&eacute; - ridden , and humor part is just crude and unpleasant.In short this is what you see . Imagine one nice guy who want to go to college , but can not decide it because he is so nice -LRB- or indecisive -RRB- that he can not leave his bad friends . One of the bad friends happens to be a trigger-happy Ed Norton look-alike who just can not think because of booze and substance . Add to them several stereotyped hooligans -LRB- loser type , macho-type , etc. -RRB- and you get the recipe for this unoriginal film . And add a role of a rich girl Heather -LRB- ` unattainable ' our young hero seems to think -RRB- and give it to Paris Hilton.OK , now , this is what you are about to see next . Picture to yourself a swimming pool scene in which Paris Hilton shows up in bikini briefly . Before or after that , throw in several unexciting shootings , and also some poor guy 's funeral which Paris Hilton attends in sexy black dress . Occasionally the film needs some ` funny ' moments , so provide with laughs , use many F words , show some sketchy gags mostly based on stupid characters ' repellent remarks on homosexuals and women . But perhaps we should take them as sarcasm , right?I am sorry but I do n't know anything about the director/writer/co-producer / co-casting director Saran Burnun . And probably there would be no occasion for me to know in the future . All I know is that ` Hillz ' is a really terrible film that I should have passed on last night .
 I rented this movie for a couple of reasons . I LOVE Paris Hilton , and the lead guy in this movie was a guest star on the show Charmed . I found out soon after the film started that Paris is barely in the movie at all , they just used her on the cover to get people to see it - good marketing . The acting in this movie is about par with porn movies - it seems like in some of the scenes the actors had about one take to get it right . The plot is also ridiculous . These supposed High school boys kill a guy and do n't even flinch - where is the human emotion that ususally comes with murder ? The main character has everything in the world going for him , but he makes the stupid mistake of hanging out with his loser drug-dealing friends anyway even though a person in his shoes would never do that - it is totally unbelievable . This movie is so bad that it makes me not want to go to California ever again because of the way they dipict it . I would recommend anything over this movie - Do Not See It !!!!
 This may be the worst movie I have ever seen . Horrible acting ever one is trying to be a gangster key word is trying .
 There are n't words sufficient to express just how piss-poor this movie is . The writing is a disaster , the acting is so bad it makes the viewer visibly uncomfortable , and the production quality is about as low-budget as it gets.The only thing working for this movie is just how bad it is . I was flipping around last night and caught it coming on Showtime . Out of curiosity , I decided to watch the first few minutes and , before I knew it , I was completely mesmerized by how utterly terrible this movie was in every possible respect . I mean , if the movie had been just bad -- as opposed to an absolute train wreck -- I certainly would 've stopped watching it . But this movie was so mindblowingly terrible that I simply could n't turn away.So it has that going for it . Which is nice .
 About the only thing gritty in this movie is the ugly camerawork and the bad performances . Like just about everyone else on here the only reason I decided to rent this movie was because Paris is all over the cover so I was like well it cant be that bad . Oh I was so wrong . Watching a wannabe crew of white boys talk tough and `` run '' the tough streets of white suburbia doesnt exactly provide high quality cinema . Avoid this movie at all costs . Trust me Paris fans , its not worth it .
 I find myself watching the descent 35 mins of this film -LRB- the wolf/the gore -RRB- from time to time , but it falls short . Kinda like when Buffalo missed the winning kick in the Superbowl back in 1990 - great season with a tragic ending . This one belongs in a trash bin , but one ca n't help but stare at it wondering what could have been . Worth a rental for all Werewolf and/or Wolfman fans .
 Even a fool , whose given a chanceTo remake a classic of oldCan fruck it all upAnd still get richWhile us fans are leftHolding our noseUniversal 's l941 horror classic , `` The Wolfman '' is the last of that studio 's classic monster movies to be `` remade , '' `` rebooted , '' `` re-imagined '' with disastrous results.There is `` The Creature From the Black Lagoon , '' that 's just waiting to be `` remade...re-invented ... rebooted '' by some hack and one hear 's rumors that Rob Zombie -- who destroyed the `` Halloween '' franchise -- is eager to get his hands on `` Creature '' -- after he 's done destroying the third or fourth remake of `` The Blob . `` The 2010 version of `` The Wolfman '' takes forever and a day to get started . We 're treated to thirty to 45 minutes of exposition before things begin to move and when we finally shake ourselves awake to see Benecio del Toro transform into the Wolf Man , it 's like seeing Hoowdy Doody wearing a cat 's mask . The actor plays his doomed role of the accursed Laurence Talbot with a hung-over air of flatness and boredom . When we first meet him , he 's an actor performing in `` Hamlet '' and we 're amazed the audience has n't thrown enough rotten tomatoes to kill him.We 're suppose to sympathize with his love interert , Emily Blunt , who plays her part throughout with a breathless expression of doom . Anthony Hopkins phoned his part in . He plays his Hannibal Lecture personae with no deviation and delivers all his lines in that light , dismissive air with no suggestion that he knows the dark secret of his ancestry.The dark , gothic look of this new version of the wolf man could have worked except you gradually feel slimed and cold . The big sequence of Laurence Talbot being bound and gagged in the medical room with dozens of medical experts could have been a show stopper -- but it goes on and on.All the qualities that made the l941 original so magical were typically discarded in this modernized re-teling . Universal created on its backlot a small , intense world of relentless fog , a group of charismatic performers -LRB- espeially Evelyn Ankers as Gwen Conliffe -RRB- and that unforgettable musical score . The story moved fast with not a single dull sequence . Maleva the Gypsy was played by tiny Russian dynamo , Maria Ouspekaya but as acted by an aged Geraldine Chaplin , she merely looks like a British woman dressed up for a masquerade ball.Although Lon Chaney 's wolf make-up might look simplistic today , it can still terrify mondern viewers with dramatic lighting and photography.Watching the 2009 version of that classic can be depressing . It reminds one that about the only horror/slasher/sci-fi movies we see these days are all remakes , sequels , prequels . The nearly $ 100 million budget to make the new wolf man , along with its marketing , could have been used instead to have given us something original , fresh and brilliant . Modern movie makers know they can make a fast buck by re-doing a cherished classic movie . They 've got that built-in name familiarity which means victims -- like myself -- will naturally pay their money and sit.and hope for something original one day -- like another original `` Psycho , '' `` Alien , '' `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre , '' -- or even a brilliant creature faature like `` The Wolfman . ''
 Watching this latest incarnation of the Wolfman take huge , Superman , Spiderman CGI leaps across London rooftops is absolutely ridiculous . Just because they can do remarkable things with CGI does NOT mean they need do so . In this film , in sequences like the one mentioned above , the Wolfman has more in common with Superman or Spiderman than in what he actually is , and that is a werewolf.And because we live in a crime-ridden culture inundated with blood and guts , we see that a-plenty in this film - and all at the expense of deeper dialogue and scenes to let the viewers know more about the lead characters . And the wham-bam-thank-you-mam love-story does not work whatsoever ... thus the ultimate demise of Larry Talbot has no emotional wallop . There is also a completely absurd scene -LRB- lifted from the dualing werewolves in `` Werewolf in London '' and `` Wolf . '' -RRB- It was , quite frankly , highly embarassing watching Wolfman Wrestlemania.The score by Danny Elfman is just background pulse and not really music . Hans J. Salter 's music for the Chaney original had a driving , strong-themed pathos to it . Anyway , the golden days of the truly great film composers seems to have passed
 I have no idea what Anthony Hopkins was thinking when he agreed to this . It is absolutely a waste of time .
 Could have been a great movie . Over the top special effects cancel out good acting.I like good special effects , but they should be used to enhance a film , and rarely should they be allowed to take center stage .
 not too good but its barely ok . effects are good except the end as another person said just a hulk like fight . i stick too the chaney jr movie
 For all the hype this movie got , once I watched it , it was a huge letdown . It starts off nicely enough , but started to unravel with a bad storyline and acting alike . The revelation about the mother , and the truth about the father just ruined the movie . For a classic and great werewolf movie , watch ` An American Werewolf in London ' .
 and a missed opportunity . i was really looking forward to it , but it was AWFUL !
 I watched it in the theaters . It was like watching a funneral . I would not recommend it
 How did two outstanding actors produce this terrible movie?Don ' t buy this DVD !!!!
 HANDSOMELY MOUNTED PICTURE WITH A SOMEWHAT STELLAR CAST ... MOODY PHOTGRAPHYINCREDIBLY DETAILED COSTUMES BY MADAME CANONEROBEST OF ALL GERALDINE CHAPLIN IN THE OUSPENSKYA ROLE - THEN WEAVING AS THE FUTURE WOLFMAN - IF UNIVERSAL PUSHES FOR A SEQUEL.DEL TORO , BLUNT AND HOPKINS OBLIGINGLY CHOMP ON THE SCENERY AND SOME OF THE EXTRAS - ANTHONY SCHER IS DELIGHTFULLY DOTTY AS THE PSYCH WHO RUNS THE MADHOUSE ... . BORDERING ALMOST ON MEL BROOKS - IF ONLY ... err dat 's ... . MEL CIRCA 1974 . SINCE THE ORIGINAL WAS SET IN THE THEN PRESENCE - WHY NOT THIS VERSION ? UNLESS IT IS A HOMAGE TO HAMMER FILMS?PITY ABOUT THE RESHOT / ADDITIONAL SCENES - CHOPPY EDITING.THAT 'S ABOUT IT AND YES , YOU DO SEE LOTS OF INNARDS -LSB- GUTS - FLYING ALL OVER -RSB- . AL WELL , MAYBE BY 2041 WE 'LL DO THE ORIGINAL JUSTICE .
 I _ Love _ horror movies , however , this one was unwatchable ! It shambled on and on without evoking any suspense , feeling of dread or terror . In short , it was a boring mess .
 It is hard to be sympathy for Larry Talbot as he slashes and rends his way through this over-wrought remake because of the high body count and excessive gore . Although the movie does manage to create a creepy atmosphere , it was n't enough to save it . I think if they had followed the original movies script and just brought it up to date a bit , horrified more with suggestiveness , and shown Larry more sensitive side I would have liked it better . I got tired of all the main characters whispering throughout the movie like they were in a library or something . The scene -LRB- warning spoiler -RRB- at the end of the film with the fighting werewolves was taken from The Wolfman 's Predecessor , the Werewolf of London , rather than adapting things from the original film . It was really a mix of both movies , faithful to neither.The bottom line , if you are a fan of the original film skip this remake . If you like blood and gore than it 's you 're lucky day , because you are sure to like this film -- it will really sink it 's teeth into you .
 The movie required a prompt exit out of the movie theater . It was n't a terrible film , but one felt that there were just better things to do than sit there and watch this movie unfold . The CGI transformations from human into a werewolf were done really well though . Benedito Del Toro was barely passable in the leading role and caused the overall lack of interest in this viewer .
 I ca n't say I was expecting much from this movie , but Wolfman disappointed . It comes across as a B-monster movie rather than something more . The focus is definitely on a monster killing people . The movie goes to pains to find odd and grotesque situations in which to disembowel a lot of people . However , this gets pretty boring . The scenes are uniformly dark and the acting dull . Simon Merrells is catatonic and Anthony Hopkins comes across as a joke . The only ray of light is Emily Blunt , who manages to look even sexier in 19th century wardrobe .
 The Wolfman , 2000 filmThe story begins with a full moon in 1891 Blackmoor England . A man wanders at night , alone and unarmed . He is attacked by a wild creature . Gwen Conliffe is engaged to Ben , she asks his brother the actor about the missing Ben . Larry Talbot knows nothing . On the train a stranger offers him a silver-headed cane with a canine head . A two-horse coach carries Larry to the estate . -LSB- No servants ? -RSB- A large dog barks at him . Sir John Talbot tells him the news about finding Ben 's body . Did a wild beast do that ? Were the foreign Gypsies responsible ? Could it be a werewolf ? Words in the inn lead to turmoil . Are the villagers ignorant and superstitious ? -LSB- Why do they suspect the aristocracy ? -RSB- Do actors pretend to be somebody they are not ? A strange medallion was found on Ben 's body.Larry remembers his mother 's death . -LSB- Symbolism ? -RSB- Larry was sent out of the country -LRB- to explain his American accent -RRB- . There is another full moon . Larry goes to the Gypsy camp to inquire about that medallion . `` Mazel Tov ? '' Mounted riders with arms enter the camp . Something attacks the men ? Gunshots are useless . Larry runs after the canine
 I ca n't say I was expecting much from this movie , but Wolfman disappointed . It comes across as a B-monster movie rather than something more . The focus is definitely on a monster killing people . The movie goes to pains to find odd and grotesque situations in which to disembowel a lot of people . However , this gets pretty boring . The scenes are uniformly dark and the acting dull . Simon Merrells is catatonic and Anthony Hopkins comes across as a joke . The only ray of light is Emily Blunt , who manages to look even sexier in 19th century wardrobe .
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** ` The Wolfman ' is a remake of the 1941 horror ` classic ' of the same name , starring Lon Chaney Jr. . By changing the setting to Victorian England , the remake is light years ahead of the original in the set design department . I happened to love all the costumes , the locales where the film was shot as well as the Danny Elfman score which manages to add a lot more weight to the film , which suffers from the original paltry concept and some noxious re-imaginings found in this new revision.I simply fail to understand why people are drawn to the whole Wolfman concept in the first place . It has little basis in reality unless you 're drawn to those stories of humans raised by apes in the jungle who are unable to throw off their primitive inclinations due to their unusual upbringing . Of course in those rare cases , the human being does n't find himself transformed into a beast and then reverting to human form , whenever daylight finally breaks.As a myth , the Wolfman seems awfully simplistic . What does one learn after undergoing the ` Wolfman ' experience in the movies ? That men are capable of horrible violence when the thin veneer of civilization is swept away ? So what!In a sense , the Wolfman character is a paganistic , pre-Christian representative of the Devil . Where the Devil is a beast in human form , the Wolfman is a human in a fake , beast-like form . Those viewers with unconscious aggressive wishes are vicariously drawn in part to the fake beast , who with his superhuman strength , rips peoples ' heads off with a flick of his paw-like hand . Not only do they take delight in a character that can best be found conjured up in a five-year-old 's nightmare , but also cheer just as loudly , when the fake creature meets its end at the hands of a superstitious , vengeful mob . The mob finally figures out a way to snuff out the life of this maniacal figure , who somehow emanates from a dream-like world . It 's much more difficult coming to terms with devils such as the Nazis , whose evil had a human face and were not so easily defeated as the Wolfman is here . ` The Wolfman ' -LRB- the remake -RRB- changes the plot of the original 1941 film by introducing the idea that the Wolfman 's father , Sir John Talbot , is actually a Wolfman himself and is responsible for the death of his son , Ben Talbot . Lawrence Talbot , now an American actor -LRB- having left England after the death of mother -RRB- , initially returns to the family estate to investigate the disappearance of his brother , but soon learns that the brother has been murdered . Later , it 's revealed that Sir John 's faithful servant , Singh , has been keeping him locked up for years in the castle whenever the full moon appears , preventing the father from escaping and fomenting havoc throughout the countryside.The problem is that Sir John is an utterly , unlikable character who 's depicted as not having one modicum of charm . He 's such a churl that he does n't hesitate in informing Lawrence that he 's responsible for murdering his mother , his brother and also turning Lawrence into a werewolf as well . Instead of sticking up for the son -LRB- who 's being hunted by a determined Scotland Yard Inspector as well as assorted meanies from the town -RRB- , Sir John would rather -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- , throw his son to the wolves!Lawrence as the Wolfman has a similar problem . Unlike the Frankenstein monster or a modern version such as Terminator II , he 's not what you would call , a ` conflicted ' creature . The good side never comes out until maybe the end , when he realizes that it 's Gwen -LRB- the woman who falls for both Ben and Lawrence -RRB- , who he 's about to rip apart , turning her into the expected umpteenth bloody mess . While Lawrence terrorizes both urban and rural parts of England , he 's simply a killing machine , ripping all kinds of body parts from living human beings . All this becomes tiresome since we 're praying that perhaps his human side might emerge and the Inspector will now have reasons in hesitating to do the creature in.Was anyone else bothered by the fact that the The Wolfman 's demise is a foregone conclusion ? I found it deflating that Maleva , the gypsy woman , informs Gwen that there 's no cure for the Wolfman 's curse . The best we can look forward to is that the Wolfman dies in the presence of someone who loves him . Once all that is brought out , the climax is utterly predictable and one realizes that ` The Wolfman ' is a film with virtually no surprises . ` The Wolfman ' could have been a much more interesting film if it had some stakes -LRB- pardon the pun again -RRB- , that you could bite your teeth into ! How about a satire or critique on the Victorian age -- the era in which the film is set in ? In the end , ` The Wolfman ' is all atmosphere . One must be content with admiring the attention to detail -- yes , dig those illustrations on the front page of the newspaper that chronicles `` the monster 's '' deeds , that the Inspector thrusts in Gwen 's face when he visits her antique store ! Very cool ! As for the Wolfman story -- unfortunately , that 's something that 's not very hard to forget , in a virtual instant .
 Hopkins was good and so was del Toro . The scenes of violent animal mayhem were masterly done through special effect . But the story was too simplistic , the connection between scenes were hastily made and although Hollywood is all about `` make believe , '' this movie could not hide it , which is the matrk of a good movie anyway.There are several movies like that , and I guess any of them will do if you are interested about werewolves . I suggest you pass .
 I love horror movies . The old ones , Bela Lugosi for example , and the new ones , Coppola 's Dracula for another example . And I love special effects . The saving grace of 2012 and an amazing adventure in Avatar . But here I witnessed not only one of the very worst recreations of an old Hollywood classic but I had the revised plot all figured out within 15 minutes . No joke . And I hoped I would be wrong . I also love Anthony Hopkins and Benecio del Toro . Academy award winners both for Silence of the Lambs and Traffic , respectively and those were great films . But here Hopkins seems lost and preoccupied and del Toro acts as if he wanted to be anywhere else but on this film . The original Wolfman featured the son of great actor Lon Chaney . Lon Chaney , Jr. was never the star his father was but he made this creature his very own . Even in Abbott and Costello 's rendition of the horror monsters , Chaney did a wonderful job.Now why could not Hollywood have done a good job with what is a great story . Why ? The initial minutes of this remake are full of atmosphere and several scenes in the film are compelling . But the story line is improbable and sophomoric . The ending , which I wo n't give away , has some Freddy Kruger style ghoulish minutes . The original story with Chaney is tight and well told . This remake meanders here and there . One wants to say `` Oh get on with it ! '' . Some people will love this film . That 's what makes the world go round . Different strokes . But I wish I 'd rented mine on pay per view . I would have saved about $ 6.00 . I also wish this film , which I was looking forward to seeing , had been better . The set up was perfect . Great actors , most likely a generous budget , lots of FX . Real potential to knock the story out of the park or at least make something as Coppola did which still resonates years later just like the original.But a sad failure and I have today learned it did poorly at the box office too . Hey Hollywood . Pay attention . It is possible to do a scarey film in modern times . Just look at Ridley Scott 's Alien or Cameron 's sequel if you doubt it .
 Is it too much trouble to ask Hollywood to make a decent werewolf movie again ? I mean , was anybody paying attention when such classics as the original WOLFMAN , THE HOWLING and AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON were being made ? I guess not because it seems like everywhere you turn , vampires and werewolves are being made into lame , barely Gothic , CGI disappointments these days.Films such as UNDERWORLD and BLADE have their place in the world of cinema -LRB- they were enjoyable at the time -RRB- , but when is it enough !?! Ca n't we get down to basics again ? Just a simple , little Horror movie about a werewolf is all I 'm asking for . Something where lighting and shadows play a large part in the cinematography . After all , when you 're making a Horror movie about a man turning into a wolf , you need to add a certain amount of class to the film . It needs to have something that does n't make the over all concept seem so rediculous in the end . In otherwords , you have to take the project seriously . When you 're watching this new WOLFMAN movie , you get the feeling that nobody making the film took it very seriously at all.Anyone who 's seen the original WOLFMAN , knows the basic story line here . Some things have been changed but not too much really . At least in terms of concept it 's pretty straight forward . I 'll cut to the chase . Lawrence Talbot -LRB- played by Benicio Del Toro -RRB- travels back home after getting word that his brother has disappeared . When he arrives there , he learns that his brother has been killed by what seems to be a huge animal . After viewing his brothers dead body -LRB- horribly mutilated I might add -RRB- , he goes to a local pub in town . There he hears what the villagers think happened to his brother . Some blame a group of gypsies living outside of town . This speculation eventually leads him closer to finding out what killed his brother . One late night while visiting the gypsy camp for clues , Talbot is bitten by the `` animal '' during an attack . Pretty much everyone there is killed in gory fashion and Talbot barely escapes with his life . The following day , he becomes the main suspect for the murders at the gypsy camp . What the authorities do n't know is that Talbot did n't kill anybody , despite the fact that he eventually will now that he 's been bitten by the wolf . Thats pretty much it , roll credits.I hate to admit this but Benicio Del Toro did n't really bring anything new or inspiring to the plate here . Normally I enjoy his work -LRB- FEAR AND LOATHING IN LAS VEGAS and SIN CITY just to name a few -RRB- but this time around , he was disappointing in his role . I also felt the main actress -LRB- Emily Blunt -RRB- brought nothing to the table either . Their talents were wasted here.With that being said , there 's only two reasons why I gave this movie two stars . One is for Anthony Hopkins -LRB- THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS and DRACULA -RRB- , two is for HUGO WEAVING -LRB- THE MATRIX and V FOR VENDETTA -RRB- and that 's it ! Everyone else pretty much did an awful job . THE WOLFMAN could have been a good remake , yet it falls flat on almost every level , starting with the miscast of the two main actors . If it was n't for the fact that Anthony Hopkins and Hugo Weaving try their best with the material here , this movie would be zero stars in my book . Scenes with those actors is like surfacing to air after being nearly drowned by the rest if the film ! How did a simple premise such as a man turning into a wolf go so horribly wrong ? I do n't know who to blame more here , the director or the film studio really . I heard this movie went through some production trouble before it 's theatrical release , but it 's hard to find out what actually happened . Something about the studio changing the soundtrack and the entire last half of the movie being remade at the last minute . I wonder what happened to that footage?Speaking of the soundtrack , it 's just awful . In my opinion , the score just does n't fit . It seems like it 's trying way too hard to convince the audience that there is `` something '' more to the film . Something with substance . As if it were a carefully handled , modern day remake `` classic . '' Well , I 'm here to say that it is n't . THE WOLFMAN gets a lot of things wrong . Not only is the acting strangely off the mark , but the special effects are just down right unexcusable ! I 'll explain why.First , lets talk about the actual werewolf make up . It 's not that bad really . Actually , it 's one of the better aspects of THE WOLFMAN . The special effects artists go for the `` old school '' wolfman type of werewolf , meaning that he still kinda ' looks like a man when he 's in his wolf form . This is all very nice -LRB- and classic if you ask me -RRB- , but then it gets ruined by cheap looking and unnecessary CGI ! I mean , having him jump all around the roof tops just takes away the simple Horror aspect of the film . This takes the movie into UNDERWORLD and VAN HELSING territory in terms of the visual sense . So now it 's not just a simple Horror movie , but a `` hip '' and modern remake.Yet , the bad CGI does n't just stop there . Oh ' no my friends , it gets worse ! There is actually a part in this movie where they use a totally CGI bear ! Why could n't they get a real one !?! Every other movie in the past that needed a bear in it , got an actual bear ! Why CGI the animals here !?! It just cheapens the film if you ask me . Do n't get me wrong , CGI does have it 's place in the movies -LRB- JURASSIC PARK is a good example -RRB- but it 's not needed here . Especially when you 're using `` classic '' wolfman make up to begin with!Gore wise , I have to admit , they did a good job here . Heads are ripped off , arms are torn out of their sockets and blood pumps in geysers ! It 's one other small thing that THE WOLFMAN does have going for it . Gore Hounds , check it out for the blood and the make up . Just do n't expect much in terms of anything else . It 's just a shame that the rest of the movie did n't get it right . Blood and guts ca n't save a movie alone.In the end it 's sad really . I actually wanted to like this movie . I 'm a huge fan of werewolves -LRB- THE HOWLING is the best -RRB- but this is yet another disappointment in the long line of recent werewolf movies . If we keep getting films like this in theaters , the younger generation is n't going to know what it 's like to watch a horrifying , ten minute werewolf transformation sequence ! I remember the terror I felt when watching AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON as a kid ! They just do n't make werewolf movies like that anymore ! Now that is a classic!In the end I would much rather watch BAD MOON -LRB- not bad really -RRB- or Jack Nicholson in WOLF -LRB- kinda ' fun -RRB- than this movie ! THE WOLFMAN is weak , plain and simple.I 've said my bit.Avoid .
 my movie never loaded , never played and then they took it away from me , right in front of my eyes , do not rent from amazon , sherlock holmes didnt work either and they say that they dont do refunds for rentals ? why not ? i didnt get to see anything !
 Anthony Hopkins ; Benicio Del Toro ; Hugo Weaving ; decades of improvement for transformational effects . What could possibly go wrong for the 2010 adaptation of Wolfman?I almost did n't find out , since I almost fell asleep half-way through the film , but I 'll give it a shot . -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I am not a remake snubber . I think of movie remakes as like stage performances . There 's always the same basic script premise , but the directors and producers make the story fit their vision . Whether or not that vision is any good remains to be seen . You do n't see an outcry every time there 's a new version of Hamlet on Broadway . Why should movies always have to prove themselves in comparison to an original?However , Wolfman will be yet another failure to keep the fires against movie remakes going.If you ca n't guess what happens , let me summarize : -LRB- Spoiler Alert ! Not really . This movie is surprise free . You can get the plot from the trailer . I guessed correctly from the trailer about who the original werewolf was . -RRB- A young Shakesperean actor , Benicio Del Toro , returns to Blackmoor to learn what happened to his murdered brother . He gets bitten by a giant dog , and every full moon he turns into a smaller , hairier version of the Incredible Hulk . In doing so , he becomes the greatest Shakesperean actor ever , causing jealousy from Aberline , a detective from Scotland Yard . Everyone thinks he 's just a madman , so they send him to London , where he goes on a short killing spree in a mental asylum , probably because they kept dosing him in ice water . When he becomes human again , he goes back to Blackmoor to confront the original werewolf , his father Anthony Hopkins , who rips his shirt off as they go at each other in wolf-fisticuffs . After killing his father , he tries to sex up his dead brother 's girlfriend , played by Emily Blunt , who shoots him.So , what works ? Well , the acting seems as realistic as possible . Unfortunately , the story is so boring , that the only time you really wake up is three-quarters through when you hear Benicio Del Toro raise his voice , yelling `` I will kill all of you ! `` But after that , you can go back to sleep.The transformation effects were very good . Using CGI for the transformation gives a lot of leeway in what you can accomplish , and it shows how torturous such a transformation can be . The problem is that at the end of the transformation , there is Lon Chaney 's wolfman , in all of its understated glory.The story suffered above everything else , mostly because it left few surprises . You knew what was going to happen from the preview , so there really was n't much to look forward to . Even the intense gore from wolfman attacks were yawnable . It 's amazing that this script was rewritten during shooting . I 'd hate to see what it looked like before.I 'm sorry , but I am falling asleep as I write this , as I have to dredge up how boring this movie was again , and it is putting me into a napping mindset.I give this movie 1.5 full moons . Do yourself a favor , and watch An American Werewolf in London again instead of this waste of time .
 There is almost nothing to recommend this outing . First , any hope that Benicio Del Toro might bring a touch of warmth or sympathy to the lead role of the tragic wolfman is dashed , almost from the instant he utters his first lines . Second , the contrived plot device used to explain the fact that everyone in the entire cast except Del Toro speaks with a British accent -LRB- sent away to America by his father at a young age -RRB- is so lame that it leaves one with the sneaking suspicion that it was a last-minute edit , inserted as soon as everyone figured out that Del Toro was simply never going to master a British accent with any consistency . Third , there is not the slightest chemistry between the tragic wolfman and Emily Blunt 's character . Finally , the special effects were lifted straight from `` An American Werewolf in London '' , only not as effectively . -LRB- Tidbit
 Normally , I 'd say that Anthony Hopkins could make melting ice interesting/suspenseful . This was n't normal , so I 'll choose to blame the script , the director , the phase of the moon , something . Yet another blue/grey CGI train chugging through a blue/grey CGI landscape . Have any of these people actually BEEN outside at dusk?I finished watching it last night , and I 'm still waiting for a surprise.The acting was just OK . Hopkins was good , but it 's been a long time since he was merely good.It 'll be in the $ 5 bin at K-Mart soon enough . Watch it then .
 Emily Blunt is the only good thing about this film . I knew I was in trouble when I saw that costume ! I am not a Tweenie fan but in truth New Moon Special Effects blow this film away . That said , there is NOTHING special about this film ! Benicio seems as if he is bored the entire film and would rather be doing something , anything else ! Hopkins is just angry ! Perhaps that he was stuck in this role ? LOL ! There is NO story , NO plot . ** Spoilers ** Benicio comes home after his Brother is murdered and becomes a werewolf and Emily Blunt kills him and you will laugh out loud at his death scene !! I just did for you what I wish someone had done for me . Saved you the agony of this pathetic remake . Rewatch Traffic for Benicio and any of Hopkins films and save your money!Pure waste of time and talent by what could have been an awesome film with two awesome actors ! AVOID !
 Underwhelming . A phenomenal cast , underutilized , yet even full force efforts could not save this one . Star Power Anthony Hopkins -LRB- not even close to his creepiness in other horror roles -RRB- plays Sir John Talbot , a widower whose betrothed son has just been murdered by a monster . The handsome and hirsute Benicio Del Toro , -LRB- Lawrence Talbot -RRB- bears little resemblance to his screen father -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- , which caused me to wonder if there might be another subplot ? The story revolves about revenge for the untimely murder of brother Ben Talbot , inspired by urgent pleas to Del Toro from Ben 's fiancee -LRB- Emily Blunt -RRB- ... ergo ... the prodigal son returns and oops ... gets bit by a very powerful , hairy beast ! Frequent windows to the past show the mysterious death of Sir John 's wife , recalled in still gaps by the last remaining Taylor -LRB- Del Toro -RRB- who is now infected , viral , and uncertain about everything.Del Toro has a confident stride , yet is extremely unconvincing as an actor playing an actor , conflicted by being a wolfman . I add a footnote about the proper English lady presence , that of Miss Emily Blunt -- whose role is ... well , blunt , seemingly mere decor , but believable in manner and bearing for a period piece . Of course Del Toro and Blunt fall for each other -LRB- no chemistry -RRB- and Hopkins penchant for stiff wood chairs with leather and chains is kind of kinky funny . The only actor who seems to be giving his all , Hugo Weaving as Inspector Aberline -- alas , sadly there are too many obstacles for any one person to carry this movie ... The only joy in the movie , and maybe this is what they were going for , was the dismemberment and slaughter of a packed sardine court of pompous academia . If it could have been the House of Commons , i think we may have had a bit more camaraderie with the wolf . You find yourself waiting , and waiting for something to happen ... the pace to pick up , the chemistry to click , the entertainment to begin ... sorely , regrettably , a disappointment in all facets . The gifted actors and script is frequently referred to as `` cheesey '' by Blockbuster patrons surveyed . Not recommended ...
 There 's a muddy , cracked , ancient path that winds and delves into the chasms of the the B - movie catalogue . It 's a risky , perilous road to take for any director , especially in this day an age . It requires playing cat-and-mouse with cardinals sins of cinema without really knowing the position you 're taking until it 's too late.To be sure , You wo n't be a critic 's friend should you actually accomplish revitalizing this black sheep of a genre if there ever was one . It 's just too easy to sail over the heads of any practical audience as something unbelievably dim-witted ; the tongue in cheek is completely wasted.I really do n't know what Joe Johnston had in mind while he was directing this twitchy , pseudo-grand rebirth of a classic B-grade creature feature . It 's a dichotomy of high brow surrealism and chuckle-inducing absurdities , to the point where the two often converge into something wholly ridiculous and only intriguing for the smallest of reasons.Being a child of the new-age era , I have always fallen firmly in the party that favors the `` manwolf '' over the `` wolfman '' ; Think Remus Lupin , as opposed to Claude Rains . This is where source material gets in the way of contemporary expecations
 Sorry , I could n't resist the Marty Feldman line from Young Frankenstein.My daughter and I watched this together , because I have a really low suspense threshold and I ca n't watch horror movies alone . But I was n't scared AT ALL , which should tell you something ! And my daughter -- who enjoys the horror genre -- actually fell asleep , which should also tell you something.The best elements were :1 . The cinematography -- great shots , nice camera use , really beautifully-framed scenes .2 . The musical score -- well done .3 . The Scotland Yard detective -- he was also in Matrix -- a really good character actor.But on the downside :1 . What 's with that accent , Benecio ? This is an Englishman who had emigrated to the US and launches a successful acting career . On his return to the Jolly Old , he gets embroiled in circumstances surrounding his brother 's brutal murder . OK
 After seeing the previews several times i was convinced this movie would be decent if not good . I was wrong in both cases , it was a boring mess . Two great actors such as Hopkins and El Toro should not be wasting there times is such cheesy roles , Hopkins as always is great -LRB- Even with what little he 's given -RRB- and El Toro rants around like some lost kid searching for his mom . The movie is bland , predictable , and just plain silly in most parts . Changing into the wolf is quite impressive from a visual standpoint , its when he actually is the wolf thats a problem . He looks like a man , with a wolfman mask on , nothing more nothing less , hense i guess the name wolfman . I figured he would look more like a beast from movies like American Werewolf in Paris and even Neil Marshalls Dog Soldiers , which were both superior movies compared to this . Basically you go through the movie just watching him run from everyone and there is no `` real '' plot , more of a pseudo plot than anything else . There is no substance and no great dialogue to keep the movie in line and from losing direction after about 30 minutes into the film . The scenery about the only other plus , is great , very well done and locations properly choosen from castles down to the last spooky foggy light lighten forest . So the atmosphere some will appreciate , and thats all that i myself liked . So watch the movie and you decide , i just thought it was a remake of a remake and looked more like a beefed up , gorey version of one of the old films from the 50 's or 60 's , perhaps thats what they were going for ? Well thats not what i wanted , so i think they failed . You decide .
 While I appreciated this movie 's strides to enable new viewers to experience the same fear that was created by the original -LRB- through the use of modern gore and scares -RRB- , I thought this one achieved a more corny presentation than classic.The gore was blatant and did n't fall into a solid context of story . It was just kind of thrown at you . Unlike other reviewers , I did n't buy Del Toros character at all . Delivery was bad in the movie , and I do n't see this one coming off the movie lover 's shelf more than twice . In fact the second viewing will probably only remind the viewer why it was sitting on the shelf so long since the last viewing.I did n't like the wolfman appearance . I thougth they could have used better prosthetics and still maintained a resemblance to the actors features . They looked like the Adams Family 's cousin It with a hair cut.That 's my take . Rent it before you buy it !
 This could have been a great film . The cast is excellent , the cinematography superb , but the story , well , not so good . And the special effects were sometimes lacking . When he changes into a werewolf it is considerably more goofy looking than American Werewolf in London . Do n't get me wrong , AWIL was a great film , much better than this predictable and dry piece of work , but I would have thought that given all the advances in technology and special effects , this one would have been better . Also , the werewolf is laughable . He reminds me of the old black and white version , and in parts , the manerisms are exactly the same . He just looks like a man in a suit wearing a halloween wolf mask and chest hair toupee . He goes from being bipedal to quadrapedal which makes no sense at all since he just looks like a hairy guy with a dark nose and big teeth . Not like a wolf at all , which is what I thought a werewolf was supposed to be . It would have been better if they had gone one way or the other with it , either making him into a wolf , or making the metamorphosis much more insignificant instead of the strange wolf man hybrid a la The Isle of Doctor MoreauThe movie begins with Del Torro recieving a letter from his would be sister in law asking that he return home from America to help uncover what had happend to his brother whom had recently gone missing . The first half hour was compeling and interesting , made more so by the incredable cinamatagraphy . Truly second to none.Spoiler Alert !
 How do you screw something like this up so bad ? You have a classic story and the mist shrouded English moors make an inherently spooky locale , yet the movie is relatively scareless and the story has been turned into a furry Oedipal conflict . The main problem is that the script is awful and buckets of gore are substituted for chills throughout . Also , instead of being kept in the shadows , the monster is shown way too clearly towards the end and looks more like a pissed off pit bull than anything scary . The CGI is decent and the art direction and sets are really good , but good writing and well directed scares seemed to have been left off the agenda .
 We actually love this genre , and the previews looked amazing , so our expectations were high . I mean , considering the advances in CGI , the great cast , and the current trend to add emotional DEPTH to monsters , it should have been MUCH better than this eye-rolling slog.Without much of a plot , the film just started cranking out gratuitous GORE , which was not unexpected , but it was SO over the top , it became comical . The look of the film was beautifully dark , yes , and the CGI was fine , but that did n't redeem this hot mess.The consensus in our group was that it was n't worth the price of admission , and maybe the worst movie some had seen in years . I usually check reviews before going to a movie , but got sucked into this with assumptions ... -LRB- I REALLY expected more from a film with Anthony Hopkins . He must be so embarrassed . -RRB- Never again .
 `` Mysterious Gothic feel '' is a buzz phrase for `` poor lighting '' because the special effects were n't that great . The acting was good and the story line was just fine . The movie was ruined by 19th century novelist dialogue that better fit a Jane Austin novel than a Gothic horror . The scenes tended to be dark to hide the fact the special effects have not improved since `` American Werewolf in London . '' Lawrence Talbot is told by his brother 's fiancee that he is missing . Talbot returns home only to find out his brother has been found dead , ripped to pieces . The movie is a complete bore until Talbot gets bitten by a werewolf and survives -LRB- not unexpected in a werewolf story -RRB- . He then walks through the house and the dog growls at him . He stops as if he knows this is some kind of sign he is a werewolf . The scene would have worked except the dog growled at him all the time before he was bit and also -LRB- mini-plot spoiler -RRB- lives with Talbot 's dad who is also a werewolf -LRB- revealed about half way through if you had n't figured it out before hand -RRB- . The gypsy woman which was great in the 1941 master piece is reduced to a minor character . Hugo Weaving plays a Scotland Yard investigator , thinks the killings that happen while Lawrence Talbot was away was caused by him , another bad plot element , which made as much sense as the dog growling . The werewolves in this movie just do n't kill one guy and are done for the night , rather they go on senseless killing sprees . As in most werewolf movies the action jumps from full moon to full moon , which seem to come at an incredible rate .
 This film is too heavy with atmospherics and with CGI special effects . The smoky oak atmosphere of the English village and the surrounding woods is interesting for a while . But then the unrelieved lowering of sky and woods and old mansion begins to get tedious.The actors also have too limited a range to play across here . I 'd looked forward to seeing Benicio del Toro and Anthony Hopkins star together . Both men have great faces and generally a great on-screen presence . But their usual charisma gets smothered in the dour monochrome settings of `` Wolfman . '' It 's as if one of the dusty brocade tapestries on the walls of the Talbot mansion had fallen on them , pressing them into the misty purple scenes.I had thought that modern F/X techniques might have made man 's transformation into wolf even more thrilling than it was in the Lon Chaney Jr. original of this movie . But it is n't so . If anything , the modern simulations make the transformation look almost ludicrous in comparison to the more nuanced elision from man to beast that the Chaney version accomplished . The wolf versions of the man look more like artifacts than ever.There are a few moments of genuine emotion here as the Benicio del Toro and Emily Blunt characters discover their love for each other . But this humanity gets covered by the matted fur coat of Larry Talbot 's alter ego . On the whole , I 'd advise that you spit up this hairball .
 One of the most boring movies I 've ever watched . I sat through the whole think and it was such a waste of my time . The effects are good , but the plot line and acting is seriously lacking . The previews oversold the movie and makes you think that there is going to be some exciting , action packed plot in store for you when in reality it 's a dry , boring plot .
 As The Wolfman started with ponderous voice-over narration , I immediately sensed that this movie was poorly conceived . As it plodded along , failing to create dramatic tension or develop characters , my initial misgivings about the movie were confirmed . Bad writing led to wooden performances by otherwise good actors . Lame and unnecessary CG effects , coupled with ineffectively gratuitous gore , added insult to injury . The story -LRB- such as it was -RRB- failed to engage me , and I started noticing nagging , obvious problems with how some shots were lighted . All of the stylistic choices seemed ridiculously contrived and called attention to their artificiality . The whole thing completely collapsed into senselessness for me long before the ridiculous and ill conceived `` climax '' . This movie is a dog , and a howler at that . There 's just nothing here that I can recommend.Thanks , but no thanks . I would rather re-watch the original Wolfman , An American Werewolf In London , Brotherhood Of The Wolf , Dog Soldiers or Ginger Snaps ! again .
 One of the biggest issues that I have with this film is the fact that it 's a vanity project for Benicio Del Toro and it barely feels like Del Toro is barely there in the film . He has no opportunity to showcase his vast talents as an actor here , especially as an actor playing an actor -LRB- the `` Alas , poor Yorick '' scene from HAMLET that is showcased in the film is cringe-worthy ... is Talbot supposed to be a bad actor ? -RRB- . While listening to the commentary track for SIN CITY , Directors Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller discuss Benicio 's desire to play The Wolfman in a remake , and that is the proof in the pudding about where I got `` vanity project '' from . So that can end that debate.But the plot , at least to begin with , is identical to the Universal classic -LRB- it even has the old-school Universal logo at the opening -RRB- . Lawrence Talbot , who had left his ancestral home in England for success in America as an actor . He comes back to his home after learning of the horrible death of his brother by what could be a maniac or some huge animal . He is greeted by his father , Sir John Talbot -LRB- played by Anthony Hopkins , channelling Hannibal Lecter AGAIN ... -RRB- , a famous big-game hunter who greets the `` prodigal son '' with the warmth of the English winters . He is also confronted by his deceased brother 's fiancee , Gwen -LRB- played by Emily Blunt , who 's performance is relegated to nothing more than a plot necessity -RRB- , who quickly warms up to Lawrence ... a lot more quickly than what one might expect from a grieving fiancee . Lawrence is also a man with a mission
 Few people would question the casting of the new wolfman . Benecio Del Torres as the brooding American son . Anthony Hopkins as the crazy old dad . Emily Blunt as the brooding widow . Hugo Weaving as the determined inspector . The acting talent is in good supply here , and the roles are well within the scope of their talents . It is the script , the directing , the cinematography and the editing that are incredibly sub-par . Firstly , there is absolutely no drama or tension throughout the entire movie . Sure , there are a few parts where faster than light speed werewolves zip about giving the occasional startle , but even those scenes are diminshed by the script . The movie boils down to a series of slow brooding scenes which actually do n't make a lot of sense when you look at them collectively . In other words , boring and stupid . * SPOILERS * Synopsis : Part 1
 The director 's cinematography wonderfully embraced the classic style of horror films with haunting landscapes & sets , even the `` transformation '' is cool . And although Del Toro looks creepy , its hard to find any of the actors believable and it was ever explained why the father hated his own son . Not to mention the howling never ceased to be simply cheesy .
 Why Amazon.com is selling a blu-ray with expired digital copy authorization code and not advise customers about it ? I purchased this blu-ray for a digital copy . I should have just purchased a digital copy from iTunes .
 There is so much in common with this movie and Bram Stoker 's Dracula that you wonder if anyone notices or do they just not care ? The setting in Victorian england , a woman who keeps a diary and is the love interest of the main character and who dresses in one scene almost exactly as winona ryder did when she was writing in her movie , the protagonist gets attacked in bed , anthony hopkins , a very similar death scene at the end of both movies , a rounded podium lecture hall , an insane asylum . . there probably is a lot more . I will admit that since this is a horror movie there are bound to be similarities of course , but still . . Bram Stoker 's Dracula was done much better than this movie .
 I was fortunate enough to be sort of a captive audience for this movie . I watched it on a Trans Pacific Flight . Glad I did in the sense that I did n't pay to view it and fortunately did n't buy it . I thought about buying the Blu Ray version sight unseen a couple of days before the trip but had second thoughts . Glad I did n't buy the DVD . The plot was to slow and tedious the special effects were good and of course HD enhances that.An American Werewolf in London and the follow on An American Werewolf in Paris were both much better , the original with Lon Chaney was also very good when compared to this film . Some people did like the film and that is what makes the world go around , others including myself did n't like the movie .
 In recent years there have been a lot of horror re-makes . I have liked some , but most should have been left alone in my opinion , the original being far superior . I waited for Wolfman with great anticipation to come out on DVD -LRB- I never go to the theater -RRB- and to sum up the film in two words ; predictable and dull . Watching this movie is like watching paint dry on a wall . I was able to guess what the characters were about to say and what they were about to do . I only gave it two stars because of Anthony Hopkins which is about the only redeeming quality of the whole thing . I am very glad I only spent the $ 4.00 to rent this one and that I did n't buy it .
 Way more graphic than it needed to be . Slow storyline . I had been wanting to see the movie for a long time - but was very disappointed !
 Just does n't have what it takes to keep me interested ... It is a very boring movie -- do n't waste your time watching this movie because you 'll hate yourself for giving it a try . It 's no wonder it got such horrible reviews from the critics at yahoo movies . I do apologize in advance to whoever this may offend , hopefully others will share my opinion about this movie .
 This movie was so boring that it took me four days to get through it , although I fast forwarded through large parts of it because it was so predictable . I ca n't remember the name of a single character , probably because none of them had any . There was absolutely no chemistry between the Wolfman and his love interest ; why the Scotland Yard inspector was there and what his role was is anybody 's guess ; the Wolfman 's stay in the asylum was a joke , complete with the most cliche sadistic wardens and the dumbest psychiatrist -LRB- complete with German accent , of course -RRB- you can imagine.Save your money !
 Do n't buy this . This is quite possibly the worst movie ever made . I made the mistake of ordering this on demand one night , with my wife , on our movie night . $ 5.99 . What a rip off . She went to bed . I , determined to get my money 's worth , stayed up . She made the better choice.Save yourself the trouble .
 A mechanical script , an unimaginitive director , and a deplorably monotone performance by the miscast Del Toro.Our first view of Del Toro in this film is of him doing what is certainly the worst reading of Shakespear ever in the history of the world . I literally thought it was some kind of sardonic joke the character was playing ; but no , that was actually Del Toro attempting to act . Unfortunately for those of us who sat through this film , it only got worse from there . Somebody please tell Benecio that there is more to acting than merely reading aloud ! -LRB- Or at least ask him to be awake the next time he gets in front of a camera . -RRB- Pewwww , what a stinker !
 I 'm stunned to see so many four star reviews on this film ! Having cut my teeth on all those wonderful old horror films of the early 1960s , Hammer films included -LRB- I just gave away my age , did n't I ? -RRB- - - this film was a huge disappointment . Del Toro is grievously miscast . I 've seen sixth grade kids performing in school plays who can deliver lines more believably -LRB- the death scene was out-loud laughable -RRB- . Even Anthony Hopkins , an extraordinary talent , could n't save this mess . And how sad and unnecessary ... with CGI technology and industry advancements , and a few serious rewrites on the script , this project could have seriously pushed the envelope and turned some heads . -LRB- Sorry , Benecio , but you were largely responsible for this film falling right on its head . Wrong role . Stick to the trying-to-go-straight gangster or angst-filled drug addict types . -RRB- As for myself , I 'd rather sit down to an old Lon Chaney classic any day . What a disappointment . Perhaps in a few years another brave soul will try to reinvent this fabulous old classic , and if we 're lucky ? , some thought will be given to story line and casting . Save your money . `` Wolfman '' will be on late-night television in record time .
 Except for the 1979 Universal remake of Dracula , there has n't been a decent remake of the original Universal Monster series movies . This Wolfman follows in the tradition of indecency -- substituting CGI for subtlety , a Lawrence Talbot that looks like he needs a laxative more than a silver bullet , an overbearing score -LRB- derivative of that from the aforesaid 1979 Dracula remake -- compare the two -RRB- , the overuse of `` scary '' sound effects , and buckets of gore instead of the talented use of restrained violence found in the original Wolfman . In the original , Lon Chaney portrayed a man capable of charm , humor and humility , while the undercurrent of deeply disturbed persona was visible at all times . The guy was a world class alcholic and this may have helped . The new Larry Talbot seems only capable of painful grimaces while trying to do a Chaney imitation . Strange too , when you think of the talent of B D T who should have done better . Hopkins ? He 's doing Lecter Lite in this one , and the revelation of what he really is was obvious from the beginning . Another thing -- the director of this movie seems to love to have artistically lit and framed shots -- why not ? But if you watch this movie , it 's more like a story board that got slightly jumbled up . Shot 102 , followed by 104 , followed by 103 , etc. . Maybe they should stake the editor . At times this movie degenerates visually into a quasi cartoon . All in all a disappointment and a waste of an outstanding cast . Watch the 1941 original . OWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !
 This was by far , one of the worst movies I have seen in years ! Not only were the special effects terrible , the acting and plot was terrible . I have n't wanted to leave a movie theater in a long time but my girlfriend and I both looked at each other and asked ` are we missing something ? ' Maybe some other people felt otherwise , but I would highly recommend renting before buying this movie if you question my review
 The WolfmanSynopsis : Well , there are lots of trees , fog , and gypsies . There 's a wolfman and he eats and bites people . That makes another wolfman . Hugo Weaving looks like a tool in his facial hair and Anthony Hopkins loves to wear animals skins . Bam ! I just saved you two hours of your life!Review : This review is written while I watch this movie , so it 's kind of random and rambling.The Wolfman starts out a bit bloody , but surprisingly slow . I 'm not quite sure if they were trying to build an old school tension or bore the audience to fear . Another scary aspect is that everyone in the movie seems to have a different accent . I spent the first 20 minutes trying to figure out if they were in Scotland , Ireland , England , or Fairyland . I then spent another 10 waiting for something to happen . This movie had such promise , I mean it 's the story of the wolfman , you could do so many cool things with it . Or you could make a movie with lots of shots of trees and clouds . Yay scenery . : pWhen the action does start , well the gore is very bloody and stylized and the animals very CGI 'd . I kinda felt like they were spending their budget in all the wrong places . `` We do n't need a believable looking bad guy , we need more fog and CGI houses ! '' Underworld had much cooler and more believable wolves , so what does that say to you ? Oh and did you know that gypsies train master surgeons ? So if you ever get your throat ripped open , you should look for a gypsy caravan and not a doctor!The first time you see Anthony Hopkins , he is wearing this sweet tiger smoking jacket/robe thing , I totally want one ! There 's nothing that says hot quite like a musky apex predator ! Unfortunately , Benicio del Toro is one ugly guy . Some people may think he 's rugged or something , but yuck he does not do it for me . Old Anthony is actually more attractive than he is . If a movie is going to be this slow , it 's too bad they could get someone really attractive to stare at for two hours . :-LRB- Hugo is , well , Hugo . Love the voice , hate the mullet and chops!And ... I just realized we have another hour to go at this point . * sigh * Oh good , the transformation , finally ! So ... Do you know what 's not so cool ? The sound of stuck cracking associated with the human body . Eww . Though I will say , he does have a sweet howl . There were a couple cool shots reminiscent of the original movie , but overall , the movie still managed to be boring while mauling people and scattering intestines . Nice , you know every time you think this movie ca n't get any worse , enter random weird editing and effects ... and more intestines . Here 's a question . Can you wear leopard print after Labor Day ? Or is that only a summer fur?The climax/conclusion of the movie is a bloody rampage interspersed with a bit more slow plot . The most entertaining point of the movie is the wolfman 's attempt at public transportation . You 'll see ... My Recommendation : Skip it . Maybe watch it on TV . But if you want to watch a werewolf movie , watch An American Werewolf in Paris instead , as it 's a fun romp where you do n't spend your time waiting for something to happen . I mean when the director tells you that he took 17 minutes out of the original version to `` get to the first wolfman transformation '' which happens over an hour into the film , that 's not a good sign for excitement .
 I was surprised by how boring this was . It was n't tense or scary , the special effects were n't particularly good , and the acting was subpar for almost every character . The only touch of life is Hugo Weaving , and those few scenes are so short that you 'll barely have time to register interest . If you 're going to watch this , be sure to rent , and even then you should probably wait for a sale weekend when it 's about a buck .
 Yet to see a movie that shows believable werewolf transformation that will surpass An American Werewolf in London and the Howling . The werewolf in this movie is insulting to people suffering with hypertrichosis -LRB- werewolf syndrome -RRB- and thus enabling further mockery and fear to those suffering the afore mentioned syndrome . A modern movie made in a high tech world with such a poorly created werewolf .
 Tha Wolfman and Silver Bullit had alot more exciting bits than this movie . Waited 6 months for its release and now which they would rate it with all B movies . No paulse changing action in this on . definitely PG .
 I thought that Joe Johnston was a good pick to direct the 2010 remake ofThe Wolfman . He 's made two movies that I 'm quite fond of that are full of action , scares and laughs -LRB- Jurassic Park IIIandJumanji -RRB- , so I thought that with Johnston at the helm for The Wolfman , we might be in for more of the same . The trailer for The Wolfman sure made it seem like at least the action and the scares would be there , but ultimately I found The Wolfman very slow-moving and hardly scary.For a `` monster movie '' , I want a lot of monster . Johnston 's Director 's Cut runs for a full two hours , and I 'd say that there 's a monster -LRB- s -RRB- on screen for maybe about 25 % of the two hours . The rest of the movie is a bunch of boring Benicio Del Toro lumbering around looking more like that character Anton Chigurh fromNo Country for Old Menthan Larry Talbot . Except when Chigurh was on screen in No Country you paid attention , when mild mannered Talbot is on screen in Wolfman someone better be there to pinch you if you want to be awake when some action finally starts.And surprisingly , with a cast that includes some other greats like Anthony Hopkins and Hugo Weaving , you 'd think that a lack of action might be made up for by stellar acting . But if you ask me , those guys are miscast and gravely underused in The Wolfman.So my recommendation is to skip The 2010 version of The Wolfman , perhaps check out the original if you 've never seen it , but if you want a really good werewolf story , go with theUnderworld Trilogy .
 This film will keep your attention however , if you watch the trailer first , you 'll know everything . Including the twists that occur throughout the film . While the film had promise , it suffered from a deplorable lack of substance and plausible storyline . If you avoid this feature , even at the rental counter , you will have yielded to ... The Right Temptation . 1 star .
 This film very much plays up that noir-ish quality one would find in some old-school detective novels . It 's hard-boiled and ham-fisted all the way . It could even be considered a little bit fun , but it has some problems.Rebecca De Mornay is easily the best performance of the group here -LRB- and the only worthwhile one -RRB- . She 's got the acting chops to play things cold and hard , yet still has the looks to bring in the sexual component needed . While being played by both ends , courtesy of Dana Delany and Kiefer Sutherland , we also get a look into her character 's past , that shows her to be just as much damaged goods as anyone else involved in this duplicitous love triangle and murder scheme.Unfortunately , while De Mornay shines in her role , the same can not be said for the others . Delany 's attempts to play up being a criminally-minded femme are completely undone every time she smirks . You never believe anything she 's telling you , which makes you wonder why anyone else would . Meanwhile , Kiefer Sutherland 's character is simply bland a boring . There is no real chemistry in their performances , unless it is supplied by De Mornay 's character . It is a clear cut case of highly-talented actors , wasting said talent on material that is beneath their skills.The film is well shot and has some very nice settings , but the last 10-15 minutes of the film ruins much of the tension built-up before , as what happens in them is more hackneyed and telegraphed , than in a Mickey Spillane pulp fiction story . Also , the film is rated `` R , '' but there did n't seem to be much in the movie that seemed to require such a rating . Remove a few f-bombs , and trim the one main love-making scene by a few seconds , and it is PG-13 material all the way.In the end , it is only Rebecca De Mornay who gives this film any real interest or life , as she pretty much carries anything of value within it single-handed . Everything else is just dime store novel reject material , which explains why it went straight to DVD . Still , it is watchable , even if in a trashy way . This is no great mystery or caper flick , but something to pass the time and quickly be forgotten shortly thereafter .
 Not exactly a high-budget blockbuster here , despite the three high-profile main actors . Rebecca DeMornay plays a complex character who seems to be juggling toughness , street smarts and independence with a vulnerability and sensitivity to the idea of relationships . Interesting enough , but then she just ends up being DUMB in the end . In fact , the whole end is dumb , with one eventful -LRB- but predictable -RRB- scene and the rest of the movie just fizzling out -- blah . Keifer Sutherland plays the macho main role who handily takes on five gangbangers at once with a crowbar -LRB- and conveniently for him , none of the gangbangers had any knives or guns to defend themselves with against the 160 lb . businessman Sutherland character -- yeah , right -RRB- . He would have been wasted in a flash in real life , c'mon ! Just a pretty lame movie , overall . The story was overall pretty good , but some of the more farfetched scenes and the weak ending just kind of ruined it for me .
 Promising cast let down by frankly awful screenplay . Poor directing meant that dramatic tension was noticeable by its almost complete absence , and character development was also weak . I think most of the people reading this review could have made a better job of this movie than the people who actually produced it .
 This one is a no brainer , and although I am a Jason Mewes fan from his Clerks fame , this film is cursed because the cover is doned by Paris Hilton.The biggest , most overrated , over publisized , untallented SKANK WHORE in America.No wonder people from other countries do n't like Americans and think we are big pigs?Her face is everywhere and not improoving things any.As far as I know , Paris Hilton is only good at one thing and it typically involves her stuffing her mouth with it.The only tallent she has I suppose is the lack of a gag reflex?In all honesty , she is n't even that good looking and all the makeup , photo shopping and plastic surgury in the world ca n't fix it . She should just go back to her day job which was ... well , nothing to my knowledge?This girl is so rich , the only thing that is n't being done for her is her thinking , which would actually be a big help in her favor.I know this looks like me just bad mouthing and verbally bashing poor little Paris , but come on!Has she ever been in a movie that was worth watching or worth oogling over her?Unaminously , `` NO '' and she 'll never get a starring role in any film like that , not even one that goes strait to DVD.A big warning out there for all of you , avoid Paris Hilton films at all costs -LRB- even cameos -RRB- because the end result is just too embarrassing to speak about , no matter how much skin she shows .
 Even Jason Mews ca n't save this movie . Paris Hilton plays a fictional version of herself in this movie , Jason Mews plays a bartender who heads out to California to enter a bartender competition so he can win the money to save his dad 's steakhouse from being closed . But while out there , he meets Lisa -LRB- played by Hilton -RRB- and gets involved in the Hollywood celebrity scene . The plot just felt recycled , and the acting was horrible especially by Hilton herself . The movie does n't serve justice to Jason Mews nor any of the actors forced to act in this `` movie '' and let 's face it , this movie is such a joke .
 Erik MacArthur 's Bottoms Up is not a great film . It may not even be a terribly good film . The story is one of Hollywood revenge . Jason Mewes plays Owen Peadman a Minnesotan bartender who goes to Hollywood to compete in the King of the Bar contest in order to win enough money to keep his father 's Steakhouse open . While in Hollywood he is forced to stay at the home of hos blatently -LSB- ... -RSB- Uncle Earl -LRB- David Keith -RRB- . Owen meets and falls in love with the daughter of studio executive A.J. Mancini -LRB- Tim Thomerson -RRB- played by Paris Hilton . We can say with some certainty that acting was never her strong suit . Hilton is dating current heartthrob Hayden Field -LRB- Brian Hallisay -RRB- who has a secret that if exposed would doom his new film and career.The film tries to parody the shallowness of Hollywood life but falls far short . The script and editing are a mess and on the whole the film looks like the low budget production it is.Thankfully the disc has no real extras other than some trailers . This is one for fans of Hilton only .
 I dont get it !! I love Paris Hilton but this movie is horrible !!! I bought it and I thought this movie would be good but it 's not !! Anyone out there that never see this movie PLEASE do not buy this movie !! This movie is non-sense , terrible , horrible and it 's dumb !!! Not worth buying this movie EVER !!!
 Plan 9 was better than this . I watched it cause I 'm a Paris fan ... the dark hair just looked wrong ... and Jason Mewes cracks me up ... but ... he was terrible . Glad he appears clean during filming , but ... playing the romantic lead , not his thing . Poopy Trip !
 I am going for a record folks . This is my third Paris Hilton Movie -LRB- 1 Night in Paris , House of Wax -RRB- . Is that a sign of suicidal tendency or have I lost it completely?Jason Mewes is Goober , a bartender -LRB- slack job in this case -RRB- with slacker buddies -LRB- one is Kevin Smith -RRB- , who goes to Hollywood to get money to save pops restaurant . he stays with his gay uncle -LRB- David Keith -RRB- , who is pretending to be straight . This is the only character in the movie worth watching as he is hilarious pretending to be straight when he is the very definition of flaming queen.Goober wants to be cool , so he wrangles his way into Lisa Mancini 's -LRB- Paris Hilton -RRB- current boyfriend 's -LRB- Brian Hallisay -RRB- entourage . This is the biggest collection of idiots I have ever seen . As Uncle Earl says , where is Charles Manson when you need him . But there was some real juicy tatas at the parties ! Paris Hilton as Lisa actually comes off as a really nice girl deep down -LRB- BWAAAAA HAAAA HAAA -RRB- -RRB- and ole Goober falls in love until she sticks it to him again . And , no , he does n't get to stick it to her first.Oh , heck , there were some funny parts , so I will bump up the score . Tatas
 This movie is pretty bad , although it 's not bad enough to deserve a one star rating . And it 's not bad just because Paris Hilton is in it . Sure , she could n't act if her life depended on it , but the biggest problem is the weak script . It 's only occasionally funny , but most of the jokes fall flat . It also seems to try to be part serious drama , but this only makes it slower and even less funny . `` Bottoms Up '' is not good enough to recommend . And what 's with all the blatant product placement for Golden Palace online casino ?
 I can hardly believe it myself , but I 've now seen three - three ! - Paris Hilton movies . I fear I 'm actually beginning to find her attractive , which is a pretty frightening thought . The woman ca n't act a lick , though . I did n't think she was all that bad in House of Wax , but Bottoms Up might as well have been titled Thumbs Down . As far as I can tell , both Paris and Jason Mewes are distinguished graduates of the Hayden Christensen School of Acting , and they decided to have a full-fledged act-off to prove , once and for all , which of them is the least talented actor/actress in the universe . Unfortunately , it 's impossible to determine a winner because they 're equally bad . Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith may be pretty entertaining when they 're together , but Mewes is just helpless when he 's on his own -LRB- Kevin Smith is in this movie , but it 's only a small role , and he and Mewes are only together for a minute or two -RRB- . Mewes plays Owen , a Minnesota boy who goes to Hollywood to compete in a big bartender 's contest , hoping to use the prize money to save his dad 's steakhouse . Since he 's basically broke , he stays with his outrageously-gay-but-pretending-to-be-straight uncle Earl -LRB- David Keith , the only cast member who put any effort at all into his role -RRB- . Earl works for a tabloid news show - until , that is , the uber-famous Lisa Mancini -LRB- Paris Hilton -RRB- gets him fired . That 's when Earl and Owen vow revenge on Lisa , her hunk-of-the-month boyfriend Hayden Field -LRB- Brian Hallisey -RRB- , and their whole hoity-toity crowd . A little dishonesty goes a long way , gaining Owen access to Hollywood 's in crowd . As he gets to know them , however , he begins to see that their images do n't necessarily reflect their true selves . Could it be that the fantabulous Lisa Mancini is n't truly a party girl , and that there 's actually a human being in there somewhere ? Who knows ? Who cares ? With its terribly weak script and consistently bad acting , any point this movie even tries to make is moot at best.I 'm giving the film two stars because I did enjoy seeing a couple of annoying characters get what they deserve in the end , and David Keith 's way-over-the-top performance can be pretty entertaining . There 's Keith going all out for his role , while everyone else just sleepwalks through the entire movie . DK , this second star 's for you , buddy .
 Maybe it 's just me , but this new series just seems really generic compared to the original Thomas the Tank Engine shows . Every episode is basically `` Engine gets special job . Engine botches job three times . Authority figure recaps each mistake . Engine fixes mistakes with time to spare . '' And whoever 's the focus of the story seems to abandon all common sense at the outset . It 's not even like the old ones where a character 's specific flaw might be their downfall.There 's some new engines and machines too , but they do n't seem to add much . The animation 's not bad -LRB- actually one of the best parts -RRB- , but it does n't have all the industrial activity and background detail you might have seen in the show 20 years ago . Instead of pulling coal , lumber , or boxcars , the engines seem to pull car loads of ice cream , merry-go-rounds , and cakes.I 'd recommend a disc of the older episodes instead . There 's more visible craftsmanship , more originality , and the characters really grow on you .
 OK . I am being as fair and honest as any rational human being can be . To be sure , there has never , ever , in the history of film , been such an unbearably awful waste of celluloid as this . By comparison , having your fingernails and toenails ripped out , one by one , over a concurrent hour and a half by a pair of rusty pliers , would without a doubt , be complete and utter ecstasy compared to enduring the entirety of this bomb . The entire cast and crew , if they have not already been , should be taken out back and shot , not once , but as many times as it takes to be absolutely and positively sure of their never being associated with any aspect of the film industry ever again . I can not even imagine what disturbing combination of abusive substances they were all on , when considering the making of , or appearing in , anything even remotely resembling this sad and blatant misuse of time and energy . It is truly the worst nightmare you can imagine - times infinity . Now , that being said - and it just HAD to be said - believe it or not , I actually sincerely urge you to somehow garner every ounce of your strength , so as to make your most valiant attempt to withstand the overt and continuous barrage of mental garbage that is going to be thrown your way , if for no other reason than to conclusively have the absolute nadir from which to compare any other film . And , as such , kudos are begrudgingly due to the entire miserable ensemble for giving us that one inexorably valuable measure .
 Just rented this movie from redbox . Terrible . It 's not worth the $ 1 I paid to rent it . I would n't even rent it if it were free . I wish I could give it negative stars .
 2 great actors for such a very poor film , thin story line totaly boring going nowhere , can say much more than that only that I wish I could get my money back !!!! .
 Its hard to believe that this film was actually made . What I find harder to understand is how Cuba and Christian read this script and thought ` hey , this could be good ' . Its just really really bad on some many levels . Perhaps the worst script I 've ever heard uttered with actors that seemed more like hobbyists . It was deliciously painful , if you want to be motivated to tear into a film , I highly recommend wasting 93 minutes .
 This is the worst piece of cinemarphotgrapy I have ever seen . There should be a law pasted stopping such trash being sold on the open market . Christin Slater would be out acted by a wooden door , in this movie , he should go back to delivering post not lines in movies , the man can not act , apart from looking stupid and out of his depth.What was Cuba doing in thi s movie ? , only he can tell , please you are far better than this sad sad movie . The only say grace was the beautiful blonde who tired to raise the standard of acting , but failed.One movie to bury and forget , but make sure it is deep hole .
 Terrible in almost every imaginable way - acting , plot , score , directing . Unimaginably bad ... you have been warned .
 Was hoping his would be a sleeper as the ad campaign has been in full swing with poster placements , distributor plugs and so on . Unfortunately , from beginning to end things keep ticking away at making this a recommendation and/or a re-watchable film.The story follows a best selling author as he is mysteriously lied to from everyone that surrounds him -LRB- fiancee , lawyer , new girlfriend , etc. -RRB- then unwittingly gets swept into the criminal world to fix these `` lies and illusions '' . Christian Slater plays the writer , Cuba Gooding plays the bad guy boss , and the two fighting gals are played by B movie queens Christa Campbell and Sarah Ann Schultz.Truly , everything about this film as it transpires makes you want to turn it off , from the corny writing -LRB- if Slater said that stupid line of `` I am just a writer '' one more time above the 10 others I would have had to call it quits -RRB- , cheesy situations , jittery camera work that blurs each action scene -LRB- the effect of hiding not really doing the stunts and low speed contact -RRB- , bad editing -LRB- the voices blatantly mismatch the mouth -LRB- s -RRB- in well over 30 different scenes -RRB- , but mostly the horrible fight choreography . The movie was being sold in the ads as having the cool fight sequence between the two ladies , but their bar kick fight scene was so poorly done , it felt hollow . Screening the film in store actually lost rentals as customers were immediately turned off by the bad camera work and cheesy fighting . The camera jitter was so bad in one of the lawyer office scenes it actually felt like the camera was bumped and dropped.The Blu quality was not given any treatment and the resulting low grade feel gave it a reference right to a B film -LRB- non Blu preservation -RRB- . This kind of work has unfortunately plummeted Cuba 's sale and rental status with those last few films ; this did not help . The supplement is an 11 minute making-of that contained more footage from the movie than it did relevant interview/background material . Can only recommend as a rental when you are in the mood for what has come to be expected from this crew . Hope you get something more out of it .
 A self help author is hunted by thugs who believe the writer holds millions of dollars in diamonds stolen by his dead fianc&eacute;e . This movie was terrible , but not a complete waste of time . I a had good laugh while watching it . Despite the decent actors -LRB- Cuba Gooding Jr and Christian Slater -RRB- , it was awful . The script and screenplay are so incredibly poor that it looks like a little child spent the time in writing this movie . Avoid this movie if you can , spend your free time in something more intriguing .
 I tried my best to watch this movie to it 's bitter end , but had to give up . Christian Slater and Cuba Gooding Jr. would have done adequate jobs if they were directed properly . An interesting plot with talented -LRB- at least one -RRB- actors undone by bad acting , a poor screenplay and production . If you must see this movie for educational purposes -- rent , do n't buy . You have been warned .
 There was nothing redeemable about this movie . Just plain bad - do n't waste your time !
 A quarter of the way through this movie my wife asked me why we were wasting our life watching it . Unfortunately I said we should stick with it to see what happens , and all that happened was pure sillyness . I ca n't believe these actors would be part of something like this !
 This movie is unbelievably bad in almost every possible way . The initial premise is weak at best , and unconvincingly executed . Never mind the clumsy , cheesy dialoge , Slater and Schultz never for a moment seem to actually care for each other . Gooding 's portrayal of an ambiguously gay crime boss is marginally better , if only for the novelty , but the role itself is a ridiculous caricature , and adds nothing to the story . The chase scene is nothing but a chain of uninspired fender benders . The music is jarringly incongruous in every scene other than the bank-I 'm assuming banks still play Muzak . Hollywood 's long love affair with miraculous Hannukah guns that blaze for 8 days without reloading continues here , though the gunplay IS notable in that except in the closest quarters , everyone is a TERRIBLE shot . After the first 30M , I only continued watching in a perverse curiosity to see if it got worse . It did . I would sooner watch daytime TV than ever see this again . I wish I could give negative stars .
 This is , hands down , the worst movie I 've had the misfortune to put in my DVD player !! I completely agree with the reviewer that shames the two actors for allowing themselves to be on film , NOT ACTING ! High school one act plays have more guts than this , with better acting , better dialogue and better scripts ! Billed as comedy/thriller ? I think not ! No comic relief from any of the performers ... they deliver their lines like they were reading for an audition and not a good one at that ! I had to take the movie out when I heard `` I 'm just a writer ! '' for the umpteenth time !! If this is the best you can do , Cuba and Christian , you either need new agents or new careers . The rest of the cast ?? You do n't even belong on the extra list ! The baddie with having a bad hair day ?? Worse than bad ! Wish there were a 1/2 star ! Even that is too much ! If you have a choice between this movie and a root canal ? Opt for the root canal ... at least you get anesthetic with that !
 I would have expected alot more from Christian Slater and Cuba Gooding , Jr. . I think my jaw was on the ground the whole time watching this movie thinking can this be real . . The acting was horrible and the two women in the movie are definately B rated movie actresses . I was excited to see this movie because of Christian and Cuba and was very dissapointed . Im still in shock . .
 Wow , was I bored watching this silly movie . I expect more out of Christian Slater and Cuba Gooding Jr.What a monumental waste of time watching this .
 I was really looking forward to seeing a half-way decent movie with Christian Slater . It is a toss-up between Christen Slater and Cuba Gooding , Jr. , as to WHO was the WORSE !! The acting was horrible , the story-line was even worse . I am sitting here shaking my head , thinking these two actors have really hit rock-bottom . Poor things!Don ' t waste your money or your precious time on this piece of JUNK !
 Wow , after seeing Sacrifice - another recent straight-to-DVD thriller starring Cuba Gooding and Christian Slater , I was VERY impressed . It 's one of the best movies I 've seen either one of them in . Almost all of Cuba 's recent efforts have been awesome , way better than his `` show me the money '' / what dreams may come career in the 90s as a black man that white suburban moms could appreciate . Blah . The NEW Cuba is almost always kickin a $ $ and takin names . Really , for grade A action movies check out `` Hero Wanted '' , `` Sacrifice '' , `` line watch '' , `` shadowboxer '' , `` the hit list '' , or even `` wrong turn at tahoe '' . They are all unique , showing a new badazz side of Cuba that I really doubt anyone could have seen coming from his `` hey college kids , pass the chips and lem me have a seat at the dinner table ! '' persona of the past - I used to really dislike the guy , but now I 'm addicted to his recent efforts as I am to anything involving Charles Bronson , Van Damme , or Sylvester Stallone - ca n't wait to see his new collaboration with Dolph Lundgren , oh ya baby ! But back to this movie , it really blows . Cuba is n't given an interesting or believable role , Christian Slater seems to be on perkosette the whole time -LRB- in a bad way , if I read that I might want to see this too but his acting is so bland in this ben stein might as well have had the lead role -RRB- and there 's almost no action . I kept waiting for something cool to happen but it just does n't . Spoiler
 < strong > Lies and Illusions < / strong > -LRB- Tibor Tak&aacute;cs , 2009 -RRB- After a quick check of the admittedly rather incomplete spreadsheet I keep of all the movies I 've seen -LRB- anything I watched before June 2007 , thanks to a hard drive crash , relies on my often-faulty memory or reviews I wrote after seeing the films in question -RRB- , < em > Lies and Illusions < / em > is , by far , the best Tibor Tak&aacute;cs - directed movie I have ever seen . -LRB- A quick check of IMDB reveals this may not be true ; Tak&aacute;cs directed < em > The Gate < / em > , which I remember seeing in the theatre back in 1986 , but have n't seen it since , so ca n't remember enough to rate it . -RRB- It is worth noting , however , that everything is relative when it comes to such statements . The three other Tak&aacute;cs movies sitting on my list have either one star -LRB- < em > Rats < / em > , the infamous < em > Mansquito < / em > -RRB- or zero stars -LRB- < em > Earthquake
 I was in the video store and saw a cool looking action suspense film in the new release section called `` Lies and Illusions '' starring Christian Slater and Cuba Gooding Jr. . OK , OK , I realized it was some straight to video B flick because I 'd never heard of it , but I figured , `` hey , good cast ! How bad can it be ? '' Boy , how the mighty have fallen . The first third feels like a watchable low budget indie flick and is n't too bad . Then they must have run out of money . At this point the shot-on-location story inexplicably moves from Seattle to Spokane of all places and the actors stop even trying . My wife and I were in tears laughing by this time . The unchoriographed fight scenes between out-of-shape actors with no martial arts training looked like middle aged Power Rangers on Methadone . As it gets progressively worse toward the end , better quality diologue could be found in a porn movie . Then to top it off , there 's a plane crash at the end that looks straight out of an Ed Wood movie . If you see this on the shelf , be a good samaritan and remove all copies and hide them so nobody else gets subjected to this .
 I am being quite generous giving this awful movie a one star rating ! This movie is unbelievably bad ! I can not believe that Slater and Gooding Jr. did not read the script and laugh out loud at the ridiculous plot and cheezy one-liners ! The entire film , the acting , the music , the sound effects , the script , had the effect of an adult movie , and lets be clear , the aformentioned categories are not what people watch adult movies for ! My wife and I watched the entire movie , and I really now scratch my head and wonder why ! I watch a lot of movies , and I can honestly say , I can not remember when I last saw a movie that was this bad . Even if this was made for TV , there are many , many good made-for-TV movies . This one clearly does n't make the cut . The acting is atroscious , and the worst offenders are Slater and Gooding Jr. !! It is hard to believe that these two have actually been in good movies ! The sound effects , gun shots for example , are laughable!I can not believe this movie is $ 19.99 !! Do not waste your money , or your time .
 This movie is just awful in every way . Do n't be fooled by the two name actors . It 's an embarassment of script , direction , acting , soundtrack , editing , and just about anything else you can imagine .
 Shame on Slater and Gooding for appearing in such a dog of a movie . . Its almost unwatchable the acting is so terrible . . This is the very bottom of the heap for movies I have seen . . Do n't waste your time on money on this travesty of a movie .
 On paper , this movie has an interesting premise . An award-winning author of a relationship book -LRB- Slater -RRB- has his fiance abducted on the night of his book 's big promotional party , and after a year passes with no trace of his beloved it becomes clear that she was hiding a lot of important secrets , not the least of which being a small alcove in their garage which is filled with weapons and high-tech gadgetry . Suddenly Slater 's writer finds himself hunted down by gangsters and diamond thieves , led by an unflappable and horribly overacted Cuba Gooding.Others have said it before , and I 'll add to their claims
 My boyfriend and I rented this last night , never having heard of it before but so curious to see Gooding and Slater in action together . All I can say is - `` SIGH '' and `` WHAT WERE THEY THINKING '' ... Bad movie overall with dubious plot and poor acting -LRB- and you have to realize , I 've always been a big fan of Gooding and Slater -RRB- . And that bit with the `` recipes for troubled couples '' was just so ridiculous and unnecessary . Was it all meant to be funny ? Seriously , did I miss the joke and timing of the movie altogether?Sadly , a good couple of hours of my life I 'll never get back again .
 It is movies like this that make me think I will never rent another movie without reading a review . The best part of this movie was reading all the negative reviews after the fact . Some of them are hilarious . Thank you reviewers for being the bright spot in this movie experience .
 As I watched this atrocity - feeling my brains cells commiting suicide by the dozens - I wondered how such a piece of garbage could actually get produced . Christan Slater should be banned from ever acting again and Cuba Gooding Jr. should stick to acting retarded like he did in Radio . This celluloid nightmare made me ashamed to be a human being for the simple fact that a child could have made something much more entertaining . This movie should be shown to deathly ill hospitial patients who are yearning for a quick euphanising .
 I guess if any good can be said it is the laugh we have had at how awful the one liners were such as ... `` I 've never seen my own blood '' ... Slater 's acting was deplorable , the writing was worse , and the effects -- if you could call them that -- were a complete joke ... amateurs could do much better than this ... I ca n't believe it had these two big names ... I wo n't fall for that again .
 Gak ! I stopped watching after a half-hour and thank goodness it was a rental . It 's not only an obvious plot , but even the bass playing was a rip-off .
 SECOND BAD MOVIE IN A ROW I 'VE RENTED THRU RED BOX . THIS WAS ABOUT AS BAD AS MANAGEMENT . SHOWS TO GO YA THAT NAME STARS DO NOT A GOOD MOVIE MAKE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS TURKEY .
 Do not waste your time or money , one of the worst movies I 've seen in years , Gooding and Slater used to be actors , what happened ?
 Lies and Illusions was released on DVD on September 29 , 2009 , and was directed by Tibor Takacs . The movie stars Christian Slater as Wes Wilson , Cuba Gooding Jr. as Isaac , Sara Ann Schultz as Samantha and Christina Campbell as Nicole.Wes Wilson is a first-time novelist who 's book , ` How To Find Love In The 21st Century ' , is topping all the best seller lists . Wes is also engaged to be married to the girl of his dreams . Everything seems perfect in Wes ' life until his fiance ' is kidnapped and presumed dead . Soon Wes meets Isaac , played by Gooding Jr. , who claims that Wes ' fiance ' , Samantha stole 10 million dollars worth of diamonds from him and guess what ? He wants them back ! Now Wes is faced with the harsh reality that everything Samatha had ever told him was a lie.Let me just stop right here so you wo n't get the impression that this is actually a good movie . It was almost painful for me to watch Lies And Illusions because I am such a huge fan of Slater and Gooding . The acting is below B-flick and the camera angles are reminiscent of home movies shot by a shaky mom . Toss in the ultra-cheesy special affects and what 's left over is Lies And Illusions . If you find yourself at the video store standing in front of this movie , please walk away quickly ! If you will not heed my advice , you would be better off by simply walking in the store , handing the kid behind the counter $ 3 and walking out empty handed . I am only giving Lies And Illusions a 1-star rating . Half a star for Christian Slater and half for Cuba Gooding Jr. . And trust me when I tell you ... I am being generous!WebbWeaver Reviews
 Well , it 's a good story that falls a bit short of the mark ... This movie could have been so much better . The fight scene in the bar was awful ... The ending plain crash was just stupid , my 15 year old daughter could do better with Lightwave 3D and Adobe ... It 's cool if you live in one of the cities to see some of the locations they filmed in . You can tell it 's a movie because the cars did not fall into Spokane 's bottomless potholes and the actors where not harassed by transients begging for money or cigarettes every 5 seconds .
 As a Christian Slater fan , I watched this . I am glad it was on TV and I did not have to pay . By the end , I was sad for Slater and the turn his career has taken that he has to accept roles like this . The premise was interesting , but the actresses are not very solid . I agree too , that the jerky camera work was to hide the fact that they were not really doing the moves in the fight scenes -- like the audience would not notice . Wes is annoying , but I thought he was supposed to be sort of a nerd . The opening scene with his bizarre marriage proposal was laughable . It starts off decent , but gets worse as it progresses . I am not going to tell people whether or not they should watch this as I ca n't speak for what they may or may not like . But at the end of the day , it is not a very good film . Sometimes I wonder if the actors realize how bad a film is or how they feel when they see a bad film in which they appear . Slater and Gooding , Jr. are not stupid and I am sure they realized how bad this was once they saw it . Better luck with their upcoming projects , including Sacrifice , in which they appear together again .
 The whole movie I am wondering if this is a comedy or a serious movie . Either way it was lousy . What a total waste of time and money . I would rather dig a ditch and then fill it .
 My S.O. brought Fido here home for the weekend from Shlockbuster - I do not recall having `` viewed '' a WORST movie in many , many years . As I desperately waited for it to `` take off '' , and realized one hour in that it was NOT going to , all I could think of was Slater breaking in half in `` Mindhunters '' , a film `` Lies and Illusions '' makes look like `` Citizen Kane '' . -LRB- Has ever a film had a more clunky , insipid , TELEGRAPHING title than this one ???! Why did n't the * Director * just call it
 You would expect more from this cast of characters but this is easily the worst movie I 've seen all year . Not worth spending a single dime on this horrible film . Unfortunately I ca n't give this review less than a single star .
 This movie is sooo awful I had to finish watching it . Highly recommended for the college crowd that wants to get high , order papa johns and pass out on their couch .
 Calling this a `` festering turd of a movie '' is being way too kind . I am more stupid for having watched it :-LRB- Cuba and Slater 's careers are obviously over ...
 Ed Kemper -LRB- Robert Sisko -RRB- , an oddball , 40-something recluse who lives with his mother , has serious insight when it comes to solving crimes . Picture a bad Harvey Keitel impersonator with significantly less passion , mixed with an insane person who loves to hear himself speak . His mother is a foul-mouthed , chain-smoking , horror movie-watching wench who thinks her son is a waste of life . Ed teams up with a detective named Tom to solve a recent rash of murdered young women.Aside from Sisko 's performance , this movie pretty much stinks . Sisko is compelling as a twisted , jaded mind who suffers from a deep-seeded history of abuse . He appears to believe his ramblings , and without his character , Tom is as worthless as an elevator in an outhouse.Some aspects of this film are so rehashed that I 'd call it plagiarism . And the others are so hackneyed that they are comical at times . The worst part , however , is that every scene transition feels like one from a drama on Telemundo : Character # 1
 Kemper was a psycho killer who beheaded collage girls , had sex with their bodies and cut them open and played with their inards . This crap movie makes him seem like an intellectual person with issues .
 Besides the horrible acting and directing , this movie has zero to do with the real killer Edward Kemper . Do not bother wasting your money on this .
 I think the people who made this film should be very embarrassed . Not accurate at all . The only truth in it was the fact that they had his name right . And , my God Ed was 6 ' 9 '' tall and they get a 5 ' 8 '' man to play him . How pathetic ! Get your facts straight before making a film !
 Did they have those small cell phone in the early 70 's ? Does n't seem too accurate to me .
 `` based on true events ... '' blahhh ! serial killers are fascinating individuals , and i have read a lot about edmund kemper . i was excited to find this dvd but was soon let down . i figured that since lions gate put out the movie that it would be good . NOT AN OUNCE OF GORE OR NUDITY ! everything in this video is common knowledge . dont waste your money or time !
 Again you have sent me a product I cant play because it is for the wrong zone This is the sixth or seventh and I will not be buying any more .
 Why Moldovia does n`t produce action movies ? The right answer is `` I do not know , but if they are not , then we will do it for them '' . And they did . Jean-Claude Van Damme is popular in East , let ` s do the business . It looks like a bad US movies back in 1980 . Unfortunately , the girls in the movie so ugly , that you would not enjoy even this part too . But I like the business idea - American Movies for Local Markets .
 Based on the plot summaries I 'd read , I was n't too interested in Hera Pheri , but then I read all these glowing reviews on here and decided to go for it . Unfortunately , I wish I had n't . I 've been told that the humor is excellent ... if you 're from India , or more specifically , Mumbai . I guess the jokes are really , really specific . I did n't laugh once , and usually I can find the humor in anything.Not only was I disappointed by the film , but the subtitling suddenly disappears about halfway through and does n't show up again until about 20 minutes later . Actually ... I think I enjoyed the un-subtitled part the most because I made up my own dialog .
 If you love rails ... get it . If you think they 're repetitive and boring and prefer snowboarding that occurs on a mountain , this may not be for you .
 Okay , I thought this movie might be funny and thoughtful and unique . This is an interesting premise that is n't terribly overdone or cliche ' , but it 's mostly wasted because the screenplay makes everyone , yes everyone , look like a moron . Our two gay `` heroes '' only agree to take care of two troubled teens because they are trying to score points with the social worker who places these kids with them -LRB- a gay couple -RRB- out of desperation . The troubled kids act like troubled kids , and the gay `` adults '' behave like children.They are terribly upset , for instance , because they ca n't have privacy . Yet they are hoping for an infant to adopt ? Do they think they will have lots of privacy and quiet nights with an infant in the house?It does n't matter because the alcoholic prostitute mother eventually moves in and destroys what little sanity is left in the house until ... everything works out perfectly in the end . Ridiculous.This film is not the least bit funny or touching , and is actually boring and ridiculous . The acting is sub-par too . So , if you 're interested in this premise , rent this before you buy . The highlight of this movie is a scene of the gay couple in Speedos . ` Nuff said .
 It 's ages since I 've been so torn in my rating.Plot in a few words - wealthy gay couple decides to adopt a baby . The waiting list is long , so social worker -LRB- Gloria -RRB- gives them a chance to become foster parents and leave two boys at their house.Nothing goes well from the very beginning and arrival of drunk mother of these two only worsen situation.But this is an american production . So , there must be a happy ending ... And that is one of the reasons I lower my rating . The final part of this film is so sweet that I got tooth-ache : -LRB- Another reason why I am disappointed about the whole story is one particular scene - worth the biggest drama queen in the world . Throwing himself on the hood ? With a fake gun in his hand ? -LRB- so fake , that even kids would n't believe that it 's a real weapon ! -RRB- . Screaming with pitch voice ? Yep , it 's our hero , local saviour - Phil . Too much for me.It put me off.If you plan to buy it , rent first .
 After reading the reviews written by other people , my only question is `` What movie were they watching '' . I will admit that this movie had an interesting concept , but the interesting part stops there . Other than one or two funny lines , the movie runs like a corny after-school special . I did watch the entire movie , hoping it would get better ... and it never did ... if fact it got worse . If you think you might want to buy this movie , do yourself a favor and rent it first .
 Okay , I 'm a social worker , so I kinda judged this movie by this . The guys are really good eye candy and great bods . But , the situation is so cliched and boring that I keep wondering when they were going to come to their senses . The guy who plays the therapist is VERY cliched and does n't have his own life grounded in any reality . It does n't break any new -LRB- ... -RRB- ground . . it just rehashes the old , with kids thrown in . Do n't get me started on the kids ... Even the kids I supervised never behaved like that .
 Apparently , I ca n't change some potential viewer 's minds about this awful film given the previous `` glowing '' reviews of it , but I can sure try . This film is n't worth the $ 2.00 - $ 4.00 it would cost to rent much less buy . With the exception of the woman who plays Gloria the case worker , the acting is amateurish and cliche , the writing and plot are tediously simplistic and insulting to anyone who 's seen more than a couple of gay-themed films , and the humor is sophomoric . Previous reviewers of Get Your Stuff seem to be `` all a flutter '' that this film breaks new territory in the field of gay foster parenting . Unforunately , much like the current `` ground breaker '' `` Queer as Folk '' it fails on even this flimsy compliment . I 'd like to suggest that if you find `` Leave it to Beaver '' or `` Father Knows Best '' as accurate portrayals of families or americans in the 1950 's , than this film is right up your alley . Granted , it is a comedy , but this film tends to take itself too seriously at points to simply be labeled as such . I have a feeling that 5 or 10 years after the subject of gay parenting or gay life in general has been more extensively dealt with , this film will be looked at much like we view the special effects pictures of the 1940 's and 50 's . They were acceptable for early attempts but generally laughable today .
 Do not rent this movie and please do no buy it ! You will be sorry . I rented it due to the fact that there are so few `` mainstream '' gay themed movies and I always like to show my support for the genre . Well , let me tell you , this movie has absolutely NO redeeming qualities . The acting , script and plot are simply awful !! In all actuality , it is an embarrassment to the gay community . If you do decide to buy or rent this title , consider yourself forewarned . You will regret it !
 this is a movie that if you are a whiney self involed queen will think is tacky ad if you like cheesy then watch it if not run away now not worht it
 Get Your Stuff is one of those films with a nice -LRB- read `` cute '' -RRB- premise that very nearly sinks itself.At the beginning I was cringing at almost everything
 I have an excursion booked for a cruise this coming summer to see this beautiful place first hand . I discovered a link to this product on the NCL review page for the excursion -LRB- Here
 pretty sure this is just someone 's vacation footage . no narration and just a piano playing in the background . it was only a 1.99 , but i 'm a little surprised at the quality .
 Figured it had potential to be funny . But is was n't , and not very interesting . Ca n't reccomend this movie to anyone .
 Please dont waste a second of your life watching this film . Roy Lichtenstien 's brilliants starts and ends on the cover .
 I was so excited when I found Survivor to download ! I jumped right in and bought season 11 , watched it as it loaded ... then oops it stops before even the final votes are read . episode 15 is a waste , it 's a 10 min recap NO reunion at all . If only I would of read the description closer ?? Annoying , to a major Survivor junky
 Curious as to why Amazon would charge for this content when CBS offers it for free on the official Survivor Website . Yeah , at the CBS site you have sit through 4 commercials , but it is worth it to not have to download any extra programs .
 When the film business has to resort to making tedious biographical movies about its pencil pushers and accountants -LRB- Lew Wasserman , head of MCA -RRB- , you know it has as much culturance relevance as a Sunday newspaper insert from Wal-Mart . The worst sign of a boring , bromide of a movie is when Larry King turns up in the first five minutes to offer his asinine comments . This movie is heavy on interviews of kneecap-kissing milquetoasts , and short of anything interesting . It 's a talkfest among a wrinkle-room of blowhards pontificating about how powerful Lew -LRB- Who ? -RRB- Wasserman was back in the day of this and that , and so what ? This film is great for any nostalgia fan who longs for the day when a company executive could push his secretaries around all day without fear of a sexual harassment suit . Bo-ring !!!!
 I purchased this movie because the title showed that Peter Cushing was in the film . I saw this film when it first came out . However , when I received the movie it was another movie all together and not the one starring Peter Cushing . However , the dealer was very good and credited my money back to me . I am pleased with the way the dealers handle their merchandise on Amazon . I LOVE Amazon .
 I 'm fairly certain that most people who have seen this movie have seen it because Debbie Harry is in it . It is a thought-provoking movie which leaves a lot to the viewers ' discretion . Is Debbie Harry real or is she just another `` Videodrome '' hallucination ? I definately would n't say this is a `` fun '' movie either ... after watching it I felt dirty and sleazy , like I needed to take a long hot shower . Anyway , since this is the big fancy `` Criterion Collection '' DVD , one would think that they would serve up the extra scenes which can be seen on the TV version of Videodrome shown on on Sci-Fi etc. . But no , instead they give us the same version thats been in circulation since the days of VHS ! They do n't even include the extra scenes as bonus material . What a waste ! Unless you are really anxious to hear James Woods commentary -LRB- Debbie 's on there too , but does n't talk too much -RRB- then I would save myself the extra $ 25 and just buy the old DVD version .
 This brutal Cronenburg film began with an intriguing story . The hallucinating effects are brilliant , as is James Woods performance . But as the story unfolds it becomes boring , trivial , and lost . For a good Cronenburg film , check out Naked Lunch or Crash . As for a James Woods performance , any will do . His acting is never anything less than superior .
 I was disapointed when i watched this movie . Nice cover and booklet , but that 's all .
 Max Renn -LRB- James Woods -RRB- , the head programmer for a cable TV station that specializes in sleaze , thinks he is on to the next big thing when he discovers `` Videodrome '' , a show containing no plot and non-stop violence . However , Renn soon discovers that `` Videodrome '' was created by a group of right-wing extremists who wish to kill `` the sort of scum who would watch something like that '' and gains first-hand knowledge of the consequences of watching `` Videodrome '' , including frightening hallucinations and death.Given the popularity of movies such as `` Saw '' and `` Hostel '' , the central idea of `` Videodrome '' , that of someone wanting to kill the sort of people who would watch `` gore porn '' , is still very relevant , in spite of the fact that over 25 years have passed since its release . Watching this film in the context of our modern reality brings a whole new dimension to this film , above that which writer/director David Cronenberg probably originally intended , and because of that , I did find myself appreciating aspects of this film . However , overall , I was disappointed by `` Videodrome '' . As the film progresses -LRB- and Woods hallucinates more and more -RRB- , in becomes increasingly incoherent ; the supposedly `` disturbing '' special effects seem unimpressive compared with what modern audiences would be used to ; and although the subject matter was original when this film was made , subsequent movies -LRB- such as the Spanish movie `` Tesis '' -RRB- have better dealt with it . I am glad that I watched this movie , but its short-comings make it unlikely that I will ever watch it again .
 Probably the worst Cronenberg film I 've seen , and I am a fan . An incoherent , pretentious mess . Sorry I wasted my time .
 Videodrome is an interesting film in that it makes absolutly no sense.What it is about is James Woods is the owner of a local cable network that caters mostly to porn and extreme violence . When he finds this fettish show called Videodrome he figures he wants more so he can place it on his network . However he soon starts to hallucinate as a signal in the videodrome has triggered a reaction in his brain that causes him to mutate . Eventually he seeks revenge and desire to start a new race of man.This movie is weird enough as is but what sets it over the top is that can get exceptionally violent and even a little gory . But it 's the sexual undertones that rreally set this apart . You see the videodrome is actually the inner desires of an individual aka sexual desires or what they really want . IN the end though this is winds up being a messed up movie and really is only for a nitch audience . I really ca n't recomend this unless you want something out there that leaves asking more questions than you should be .
 Very weird film with a dark message about TV watching , I guess . I was n't entirely sure where this was going , and I was n't terribly impressed with the swamp monster special effects . This has gotten all sorts of cult worship over the years , but I really ca n't see why . Debbie Harry gives an interesting performance , and James Woods does the same hyper-schtick he went on to give throughout his career . I did like the ominous , spooky organ soundtrack , like something out of `` Phantom of the Opera . '' For Cronenberg fanatics only .
 This is one of those movies that can suck you into it it 's story waiting to see what happens next , and then literally shoots itself in the head in the end . The story is about a guy who runs a small-time TV station who is looking to provide viewers with something they can not get from any other cable company . He and a colleague . stumble upon a mystery broadcast via a satellite that is picking up torture scenes from somewhere , but they do n't know where . The guy thinks what he see 's is what people would pay to watch , so he tries to track down the source to buy the rights to broadcast it . He soon finds he is in over his head when he begins to discover the mysteries of these broadcasts , and the effects they when you view it.It was a bit of a slow start , but it picked up in the middle . It 's effects are decent for the time-period and it has some decent gore scenes for fans of it , but I would n't call this a gore movie . Nor would I call it a perverse movie , as many have said . It 's more the story OF a perverse man , but you do n't really see anything all that perverse , at least , not what today 's audience would call perverted anyway . Maybe in 1983 it might have been , however there where way more perverse and shocking movies way before this one was made . -LRB- try Bad Boy Bubby -RRB- What ruined it for me was the ending . It just fell flat on it 's face , and ruined what other wise could have been a terrific movie all around . But it was so anticlimactic that I do n't care if I never see it ever again now . I must say tho , Jack Creley had a decent performance . I actually thought he was Vincent Price , and i 'm sure he was impersonating him . He did a pretty good job of that . The rest of the actors did n't do anything much that would be a huge stand out in the highlights of their career . I see this more as just a cult favorite of those into the directer/producers work or fans of the time who had n't seen something like it before . However , if you are like me and wo n't rate something just because of who is behind it and what they did in their past , then I can only give this movie 2 stars . It would have been 3 and a half had the end of the film not been cut so short and ended with a bang ... or a bigger one than it did .
 I did n't like it . I suppose if you are sado-masochistic by nature , you might enjoy it . The plot was too broken , and I was disappointed with Howard Shore 's music . His modern movie scores are much better . I just kept saying `` Yuk ! '' and then laughing where it was n't supposed to be funny . Sorry , but this film was just b.a.d. in my opinion .
 This movie is really stupid . I bought it because I 'm a huge fan of Debbie Harry 's . This movie is like , wicked slow . I got soooooo bored , Debbie 's not even on the screen 99 % of the time . If you like Cronenburg , I suggest that you DO ADD THIS FLIM TO YOUR COLLECTION , for I think if you 're into blood , gore , and tons of nudidy , this is O.K. . If you 're like me , and a Debbie Harry , Sonja Smiths , or James Woods fan , I think you should just rent it , and see how you like it . But if you want it NOW , this movie is alright to buy , I guess.RATED R , LOTS OF NUDIDY , and the movie revoles around a new `` underground '' TV show , in which these men in black leather , wipe and kill naked women , chained to a clay wall , so do n't watch this if you ca n't handle that WEIRD stuff .
 Yeah , the box , extras and picture quality are amazing . BUT , the audio track is Dolby Digital 1.0 Mono -LRB- not even the 2.0 listed on amazon -RRB- - NO Dolby 5.1 or DTS at all ! Guess Criterion said `` let 's preserve this the way it originally aired '' . All well and good , but they COULD have included an alternate 5.1 / DTS track . And , yes , I did read the item description on amazon but there have been times where the description was lacking . Especially on new releases/special editions . Awesome image quality but would have been great to have sound coming out of all of my six speakers . Very sad and disappointing since this could have been a true ' 5 star ' release . We 'll probably not see another release of this classic and we 're stuck with this mono version .
 Confusing , silly and boring at times . Not that good .
 Well , I hate it . This movie made no sense at all . I got this movie based on the reviews on -LSB- amazon.com -RSB- , plus it had to be on at least five or so lists as , `` the most disturbing cinema I 've seen '' . Most disturbing ? More like most confusing . I guess some of the people that make up these lists are kids . The fx were not that great and I was expecting to see a little more of Deborah Harry -LRB- preferably naked -RRB- . She was hardly in the picture . There were scene 's of endless discussion and the only good stuff in the movie was shown on a fuzzy t.v. , that you could hardly see . Do n't waste your time and money on this , instead go get an Ilsa flick . I 've seen Troma movies that were better and more entertaning than this . The reason for two stars is that I do like James Woods and think he did a great job with a boring script . If this is the best Cronenberg flim -LRB- as some other reviewers wrote -RRB- than god help us .
 In the event of an emergency when watching this film , your empty popcorn bucket makes a useful vomitory aid . Your couch cushion can be used as a floatation device , when the bucket overflows , to drift yourself out of the living room and as far away from the tele as you can possibly get . You 'll be sick to your stomach for sure knowing you 've wasted good money on bile such as this !
 This movie has a preposterous and dated plot consisting of mostly half-understood McLuhan , The acting is very poor . The script is worse . The special effects are ludicrous -LRB- watch James Wood push his head into a TV screen made of back lit dental dam material - Gee , How did they do that ? -RRB- . This is my nomination for the world 's worst movie .
 The only reason this got one star instead of none was the fact that James Woods was in it -LRB- plus you ca n't rate items with less than one star ... -RRB- . I felt like turning it off after the first ten minutes because it was so boring , but I decided to give a try . I would rather have my time back then say I watched that dull bit of movie making . I ca n't believe any of you would call this a classic . It 's a classic piece of boring trash , and thats about it . Besides Woods , the acting was terrible , the storyline mundane , and what little special effects there were did not really impress . But I guess some people need to cling to a movie that stinks like this , just so they can tell people they think its a classic .
 Strange ! Inappropriate innuendos for a childrens video . My children became more interested once the focus turned toward the animals , and away from the hippy wearing nothing but a sheet around his waist .
 I am only giving two stars because it actually had my four year old of the crunch doing a few yoga poses . This is very low budget and odd . There s a shirtless yogi that floats in and out at times who reminds me of Ron Jeremy .
 I do n't know why this has `` yoga '' in the title ; it is not a participatory video . The only yoga is the strange bending the narrators do with each other as they talk about animals ... they do n't explain the yoga or allow time for children to imitate . Overall , this video has way too much gong on and the timing is not realistic for young kids to understand what 's being said or done , much less to participate . A perfect video for promoting hyperactivity or attention problems in any child . I would NOT recommend this to anyone .
 One of the great virtues of `` Stargate SG-1 '' was that it gave its directors free reign to be visually inventive . Peter DeLuise 's episodes are some of the finest in this regard . However , anybody looking for PdL 's visual talent in `` Beyond Sherwood Forest '' will come up empty . It 's a thoroughly routine piece of made-for-TV hackwork , visually anonymous throughout . Erica Durance is spirited as an anachronistically action-ready Maid Marian and Robin Dunne of `` Sanctuary '' is adequate as an unusually young Robin Hood , while Julian Sands is deplorably hammy as the sheriff of Nottingham . Kent Richmond 's syphilitic monarch is the only idiosyncratic element . British Columbia stands in convincingly for rural England and the Blu-Ray transfer is handsome but you wo n't want to watch this more than once , probably not at all .
 This movie may have been passable as a throwaway TV movie but certainly should n't be selling for $ 17 on Amazon . The movie was boring , the script was bad , the filmography was mediocre , the acting was only passable , the sets were weak , the special effects were abysmal , and the costumes were unremarkable.The DVD cover looks like the best thing about this movie.Perhaps a rental if you have absolutely nothing better to do , but do n't spend $ 17 on it or you 'll kick yourself afterward .
 Opening scene
 This SciFi Channel version of the Robin Hood tale is silly and cheesy , but fun nonetheless . My first thought while watching this movie was `` Why ? '' However , I found myself stuck to the end . True blue to it 's TV fantasy , B movie genre , the effects are cheesy , the dialogue is fluff and the story is utterly unbelievable . If you are looking for an evening of quality entertainment walk away , but for a mindless guilty pleasure , look no further . Shh I wo n't tell .
 This movie had a bad plot and very poor acting . You could almost know what was going to happen before it actualy did . I do not recommend this movie to anyone .
 Picture quality - video gradeSound -- terrible . Also to note , voices are DUBBED . The original language of this movie was not English . Sound effects were very jarring , not to mention irritating.The pacing of the show was fair . Plot average but there are a few twists which would keep one interested . So overall , the only thing this DVD has going for it is Rutger Hauer.Recommendation -- do n't buy unless you are a hardcore RH fan .
 This is a terrible `` unauthorized '' video . There is no actual Springsteen music in the vd since it is unauthorized . The makers just basically interview 2 or 3 former band mates of Springsteen 's from the very early days . What a piece of garbage this movie is . Not worth two bucks . Spend a couple more and get a dvd of concert footage or an authorized production that actually has some of the Bosses music in it .
 Simply stated this is an acceptable documentary review of the Battle that gave Federal Troops what the Union `` spun '' as a victory by the North , ending a line of spectacular defeats that it had suffered while Lincoln labored to build an Army and looked for a General that would fight and pursue defeated CSA troops , unlike Gen. George McClellan , . McClellan , who was content to entrench and drill the much larger Army of the Potomac , which was 2-3 times larger than the Confederate Army at Antietam . The experienced Civil War historian will find this tape to be very basic , although it does recount the carnage accurately and the fact that the Army of the Potomac won -- if , indeed they did -- at a horrific cost that might be seen as a loss today.The Lincoln vs Lee approach is not really a story or a subtext to the Battle of Antietam , nor is it a proper subtext for a documentary . At this point Lincoln was trying to hold Maryland and Louisiana in the Union and praying -LRB- literally -RRB- for a General that could crush the Confederacy as quickly as possible . The real contrast was between one of Lee 's uncharacteristic tactical mistakes and McClellan 's characteristic indecision in engaging the enemy . This DVD is not a waste of money , but start with Ken Burns `` Civil War '' if you truly want to understand Antietam in context . Burn 's masterpiece is still the best-written and most sweeping documentary on the Civil War -LRB- or on any subject -RRB- ever made.The Burns five-disc set is available from Amazon at a substantial reduction from its $ 150 issue price . Good sets -LRB- get the re-mastered version -- much sharper and 16:9 aspect for HD Televisions -RRB- go for half that if you shop carefully and really care about this pivotal battle .
 It did not really tell the whole story very well . Maybe I just read too much about the battle and spent a week there , but I did ` nt get much from this dvd .
 Very dry documentary with film clips from Civil War Reenactments . The folks interviewed are obviously knowledgeable , but I was hugely disappointed in this .
 This movie did not download even though the purchase went thru and other movies that I purchased at the same time downloaded without a problem . I searched all over the Amazon website for a solution . Apparently there is none . Hopefully someone from Amazon will read this and issue a credit
 Lee 5 starsLincoln 0 starsI consider Lincoln our worst leader and not because of the slave issue . I oppose slavery in all forms.But why kill 100,000 s ? Eventually all countries abolished it and with zero life loss!The movie was well done but why glorify a bad guy .
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** A criminal burglarizes the home of a wealthy opera singer in London , looking for a set of expensive jewels . During the burglary he murders the opera singer but when the singer 's nine year old niece interrupts the crime , the criminal flees after failing to discover where the jewels are hidden in the home . This is essentially the opening of the old Hollywood chestnut , ` Gaslight ' , starring Hollywood icon , Ingrid Bergman , as Paula Alquist Anton , the protagonist of this rather slow-moving , dated ` mystery-thriller ' . Following the murder , little Paula is sent to Italy where she studies to become an opera singer like her aunt . Now as an adult , her music teacher becomes exasperated with her as her mind is never on her music studies and she can never give up obsessing about the murder of her aunt . She ends up returning to the old house in London where her aunt met her demise after meeting Gregory Anton -LRB- played by another Hollywood icon , Charles Boyer -RRB- who is her piano accompanist during her opera lessons and an aspiring composer . All the courtship scenes between Paula and Gregory set in Italy serve as unnecessary exposition and it takes quite a bit of time before we get to the meat and potatoes of the story
 Cukor 's film is a remake of a very fine UK original starring Anton Walbrook and directed in 1940 by Thorold Dickinson . The American release title was Angel Street . When MGM purchased the movie it was supposed that all negatives and prints were destroyed . Happily a print was rediscovered in the studio vaults . You can decide for yourself which version you prefer . There are some terrific performances in the British film , and brilliant directorial flourishes . Walbrook 's particularly good as the cold-blooded husband pushing his frail wife -LRB- Diana Winyard -RRB- over the edge . Great atmosphere , wonderful supporting cast Enjoy !
 So I read all the reviews for this product and was so excited because I have n't been able to find the 1940 original gaslight anywhere ! Imagine my disappointment when I watched this DVD and found that it had only the 1944 version . :-LRB- not happy . I gave this two stars because I enjoyed the Ingrid Bergman version . Still pissed ... waste of money
 Is Warner Bros. really releasing classic films like `` Gaslight '' , `` Grand Hotel '' , `` Mrs. Miniver '' , `` Mutiny On The Bounty '' and `` The Great Ziegfeld '' in COLORIZED versions . What are they thinking ?! These films were released in glorious black & white , which , along with the casting , direction , story , cinematography and editing , made these films classics . I ca n't imagine a studio with any sense of pride stooping so low as to release their classics in anything other than their orginal versions . If this is true , all I can say is I 'm glad Warner Bros. is n't in charge of the Louvre . They 'd probably recast the Mona Lisa with Britney Spears sporting a big , toothy grin . Smarten up , Warner Bros. . I do not plan on buying any film that has been butchered like these films will be .
 This DVD does not contain the original movie with Charles Boyer . It is a later version with a lower quality of cast and poor acting .
 the box says Ingrid Bergman and J Cotten . Its a lie . They are theiving from us . The box says it is Ingrid Bergman . How cna yoyu sell it as such when it is not her movie .
 This film really made me angry and pissed off I bothered watching it . The characters were cardboard and I ca n't believe Ingrid Bergman starred in this junk.The main character totally lost it , believing all what her husband was saying about her . She was totally unthinking in the whole episode until it was revealed that her husband was a con .
 I could n't even watch the whole thing , one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . I gave up within the first 20 minutes or so . Meant to be a family film ?!?! No . I could n't even sit with my 11 year old sister and watch this , it was that un-family friendly . So many things wrong with this , I did n't laugh once . Please do n't buy it .
 This movie is horrible.The actors who are white Caucasians have voices that seem to be dubbed.The movie is cheaply and horribly made to the point where you see a zombie bite a shoulder and remove clear plastic that 's suppose to be skin.This is should be a .99 cent movie or free to watch not a 2.99 $ rentalDont waste your damn money.Its not even hilarious to watch cause of the price you have to pay to rent it.Its so horrible I could n't even sit threw the hole thing .
 Ok or so-so story line - bad acting - Even the zombies fell asleep yes Even the zombies fell asleep
 This was by far the worst zombie movie I have ever seen . Do not waste your time or money on this look for something else .
 Perhaps it is an intentionally bad movie , but the pacing is slow , and ten minutes into it they already had called a woman a `` slut '' . Maybe it 's trying to be irreverent , but I just found it boring .
 This movie has both bad camera work -LRB- VERY bad -RRB- and actors who seem to lack any training whatsoever . Just watching several minutes of it made my head hurt . Intensive acting lessons , anyone ?
 I find horror movies extremely annoying when the main characters do n't appear to own a cell phone . In this day and age , that simply makes no sense . It 's time to keep up with the times .
 Plot-wise This movie was somewhat interesting at first , but ultimately very predictable and unsatisfying.The movie was presented as a single take - so the camera follows the protagonist from the beginning until the end . This device was probably interesting on paper but ended up limiting the film . In fact , it becomes the gimmicky identity of the movie itself.I will say the film makers did TRY . This is n't a total zero of a movie , it 's more like a failed experiment .
 Five minutes into the movie , I knew the ending . Was supposed to have a surprise twist but failed miserably . Overacted .
 I hated it from the very beginning with the ever so trying to be hip Dad & the creepy touchy feely type uncle -LRB- `` My have you Grown Sarah '' -RRB- . It was the worst movie ever ! All she -LRB- Olson -RRB- did was run around & cry the whole damn time & I had no idea what was happening and when because of the way it was filmed . The film gave no real background of her character like where was her Mom and other family ? why after all this years did they come back to sell the house ? Hated it !
 Still waiting for the scary as hell part according to information on the cover of the dvd case . Even skipping sections of the movie did not make it go by any faster . Countless parts were so predictable , especially if you are a fan of suspense thrillers or horror movies . There was no plot , no storyline , no build up to anything.It is a waste of money and sadly enough you can not return movies for a refund just because they suck .
 I thought the movie was very slow moving and was getting quite bored through out . The end was good , but I wish I had n't wasted my time watching it .
 this was one of the slowest , worst movies I have not been able to sit through since blair witch . UGH
 read the spoilers and move on , there wasnt one second in this movie that had me in suspense . i wanted to love this movie . why cant we just have a good old fashioned horror movie without a twist ? once you know the surprise ending its not worth watching twice . this was just boring . i turned all the lights off in my house hoping i 'd be scared to go to bed but there 's nothing to be scared of here .
 Before this movie even came out , I saw the original here at Amazon.com . It was filmed in Europe , I believe . The original has a bit more of suspense and bite to it . I think the original maybe cheaper to rent at Amazon.com also .
 terd of a movie allot of the camera shot are blury and in the dark this movie is a brair witch affect do not waste your money cheezy , builds suspence on dark and sounds very bad script a five year old would not bew scared of this movie
 `` Who are you , why are you doing this to us ? '' After being left alone Sarah -LRB- Olsen -RRB- begins to hear strange noises in her house . Little by little things begin to get stranger and more terrifying to her . When she finds her father in a pool of blood she runs to find her uncle . After they find her father missing things get worse . This movie had a neat gimmick to me . One long continuous shot and filmed in real time . That sounded like a cool idea . But like most movies lately the idea 's are much better then the actual thing . It may be because I am an older age then the movie is targeting but to me this movie was just one long boring scene after another . The movie is pretty much Sarah in the dark screaming . The twist at the end was pretty neat and made me like the movie a little more then I had been but still not enough to recommend it highly . Overall , a disappointing horror movie that again is geared toward the younger crowd . Not for me . I give it a C - .
 Ugh . Pretentious film trying to be deep/arty , but is ultimately a silly , hokey mess . One could argue that it starts out okay - the behavior of the two male characters is an instant clue that something is amiss , but once they disappear , things do get creepy for a while . But once the film reveals its true nature , it becomes a bad joke . It 's not nearly as clever as it thinks , and the final act is downright groan-inducing . Once again , Elizabeth Olsen 's performance has people talking , but she has yet to make a movie that I actually think is worth seeing . This one was definitely not a good use of her talent .
 I saw the previews for this movie and thought it would be really good . Well , I was wrong . Before you get half way through , you 'll have already figured out what 's going on . If you have n't , do n't worry , since they pretty much give it away before even half the movie has ended . There are no scary parts of the movie . Sarah sounds like she is laughing , when she is supposed to be sobbing and/or hysterical , and there is absolutely 0 plot development at all . Then , the movie just ends , and leaves you saying `` WTF ? '' . The Silent part of the title came from the audience 's reaction in the theater when the movie was over . Unfortunately for me , I paid the purchase price on Amazon Instant Video , rather than renting it first . Well , that 's one movie that will forever sit in my digital library without ever being watched again . If you 're looking for a horror movie , or even a psychologically intense movie , I suggest passing on this one . If your curiosity is so strong that you have to see it for yourself , wait for it to be in Redbox for $ 1.99 -LRB- or rent it on Amazon Instant Video for that price -RRB- , rather than buying the digital version or a DVD/Blu-ray version . I rarely dislike a movie -LRB- and I 've watched many of them -RRB- , but I just could n't find anything good to say about this one , other than that 15-year-old boys will enjoy the excessive focus on Sarah 's cleavage throughout a majority of the movie .
 This movie is not original at all . The `` twist '' has been done , and much more successfully than in this film . If you have seen the movies mentioned in the title of this review , you know who the culprit is and what the motive is . At least I 'm lucky that I only wasted $ 3.99 to rent it rather than purchasing the digital download . Do n't waste your money .
 Wow , I 've seen some stinkers in the horror genre but this one is near the top . It should have been titled ; `` Walking around in a house and screaming '' . Not only is this movie tedious in the pointless wandering of the main character , but she screams constantly and sounds alot like she 's laughing while doing so . I found myself waiting impatiently for something , ANYTHING , to happen throughout the movie . Usually the end of horror movies -LRB- unfortunately not the entire length of a feature -RRB- have a payoff with a scary or surprise ending . Not this one . The end is unoriginal and laughable , not making the near hour and a half of sitting through a pointless plot worth your time . Finding good low-budget horror movies is hard enough , do n't waste your time with this one . Take one look at the cover and you 've pretty much seen the entire movie and it 's `` point '' .
 This movie starts out so slow , with such cheesy acting , I did not even finish the entire movie , although I had already paid for it . It was a waste of my time .
 It 's the Blair Witch Project in a house . How stupid . It was good for 15 minutes . I fast forwarded the gore and terror , and got done with it in 30 minutes . Next . Why do I keep expecting Hollywood to entertain me . Comedy and horror are a recipe for boredom . All it had was Elizabeth Olsen 's nice chest for the first 15 minutes . And another young woman in real tight pants .
 This is sort of a cross between Blair witch project and Paranormal event . The main character appears to be aimlessly roaming around and jumping at shadows and at the slightest noise . Save your money and skip this one .
 Dissapointed.was hoping for a good ghost / north story . Was predictable.would not recommend . save your money and time rent something else .
 Just not a good movie . It was the same old story with an ending that is sure to upset you .
 Silent house , silent and empty movie theater and really , really bad . Stupid dialogue and one continuous shot that drives you crazy . it 's like watching a movie without blinking . Poor lighting , poor acting and an ending that is supposed to make the entire 90 boring minutes worth it . Do n't bother . You will want to turn it off after just 15 minutes .
 This was a horrible movie . Wished I would n't have wasted my time and money on it . I love scary movies , not this one . I have to beg my husband to watch them with me . I talked him into watching this one and now he probably wont ever watch one with me again . He thinks they 're stupid . He was right about this one .
 I 've seen some low budget horror films that were far superior to this movie and provided nice `` twists '' at the end . I 'd definitely recommend The Pact , or The Innkeepers over this film . I grew so tired of this girl screaming throughout the entire film . It had the feeling of `` been there done that again and again and again '' . It was n't scary , it was predictable and the characters just acted stupid . I would n't recommend this movie even if you are bored . There are so many other films that deserve your attention .
 Not because it was so scary , but because there was no point . The bouncing camera , poor setup of the storyline . Super cliche ' no cell reception , no light , strange sounds . And it 's short - 1.5 hrs if that . Do n't spend your money on this folks !!
 On paper , the plot is interesting but the filming is terrible . If you like the Blair Witch style , maybe this movie is for you . The camera is shaky half the time and the set is too dark . They also spend way too much time exploring the house with no action . In summary , it 's a good idea for a movie but the execution is terrible .
 I purchased this movie on pay per view for 7 dollars.The previews looked great but the movie was just stupid.Loud thumps someone standing in the hall one second and gone the next , very cliche.The ending was not very suprising and really didnt explain the rest of the movie.The acting wasnt all that bad but not enough to make this movie good.If you want to see all the best parts just watch the preview for free .
 The previews made this move look so scary . The only cool part is that it is all in real time . No cuts or anything . There were also maybe 2-3 parts that made you jump overall.First of all this movie was extremely bad . You think the plot of the movie is one thing until the stupid ending and both had nothing to do with each other . Seemed like they were trying to try huge twists in the movie like The 6th Sense but failed badly.They make you think these people are breaking into the house which has no electricity so it is always dark inside and boarded up . So she hears noises at times and actually seeing people and so you think it is going to get good . But it does n't last long and then she sees an old friend who came by who is weird.Then her dad and uncle get in a fight and it is just her and her dad for a bit . More little noises and then the people trying to find her again which they made short and not suspenseful imo.So that goes on for a little bit then she goes up to the attic or just upstairs or something and start remembering things and the rest would spoil the movie but you find out the full story and then look back and think how stupid and how the main plot had nothing to do with anything.Maybe wait for it to come on TMC or HBO or something . HUGE let down overall.The only other good stuff about the movie was Elizabeth Olsen as she did look hot in it imo again . The camera kept showing her upper body too which was funny .
 Silent House is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time , and I saw The Devil Inside in theaters . I have a particularly strong dislike of the movie because critics seem so willing to forgive its awfulness on account of the gimmicky appearance of doing the movie in one take and the fact that they like Elizabeth Olsen.Many critics are also looking to the ending of the movie to explain why people did n't like it -LRB- the movie got a CinemaScore rating of `` F '' from audiences -RRB- . The ending does suck , but the movie was bad long before things ever got there . I 'll break it down piece by piece :1 -RRB- Over-the-top reactions . Elizabeth Olsen may be a fine actress . I did n't see the movie that critics started loving her in . But very early in the movie , even before it 's clear to the audience that there 's really anyone in the house with her , the main character is going into 100 % freak-out mode . It destroys any later tension , because she has nowhere to go .2 -RRB- Unrealistic reactions . Several times , something happens where whoever is in the house with the girl does something to make it obvious that they know she 's there . She runs away , looking for a door or a window to open , ca n't find one , and then she goes back into slow sneak around the house mode instead of trying to find a place to hide or something . The problem here is n't the typical idiotic horror film reaction where someone does something unintelligent . The problem is that it glaringly makes you say , `` Wait , I thought there was someone chasing her . Why is she suddenly being calm again ? And , for that matter , the house is n't that big . Why have n't they caught her already ? '' You could explain this , but not on your first viewing , and on that first viewing it takes you way out of the movie and makes you very aware that you are watching one .3 -RRB- Bad camera work . The camera is annoyingly shaky throughout , the worst example being a scene where she does run out of the house , which is so shaky it could give you motion sickness . And they keep the camera focused on Elizabeth Olsen 's shoulder or cleavage or extremely close to her face throughout , and when it 's not then the rooms are so dark you ca n't see anything . The result is that most of the time you ca n't tell what 's going on . There is something to be said for leaving something to the audience 's imagination , but it just does n't work here , largely because she freaks out so much early on when all that happened was some books fell or something .4 -RRB- Pointless characters . There is a character in the movie that really serves no purpose whatsoever , unless you start doing silly explaining-the-inconsistencies gymnastics to try to contrive some reason why that character needed to be there , but really there is n't one .5 -RRB- Predictability . The ending did stink , and it was pretty obvious pretty early on what the twist was going to be . There were also very few genuine scares , because the camera would do things like linger on a rear-view mirror with no one there , then go close up on the back of the girl 's neck , and then pan back to the mirror . And then - big surprise - there 's someone there . Only the most green of horror movie viewers would n't see that coming ten miles away .6 -RRB- Glaring inconsistencies . The movie makes a point of showing that unlocking the front door is a pain because it requires using a key that is hanging on a hook near the door . It takes Elizabeth Olsen 's character some time to lock this door when she goes in the house . Then another character promptly exits the house by opening and closing the door off-screen in about 2 seconds.Any of those points on its own probably would n't make for a terrible movie . But taken together , they make for a complete waste of time . Pass on this . You 'll be better off .
 I have long been a fan of horror movies , but my preferences have changed with the passage of time . To state my biases clearly , I enjoy a good ghost story or a `` creature feature '' , but I dislike horror movies about psychotic maniacs
 I will try to be concise.Although the acting is pretty good , at times it is a little flimsy . Not because the actors are lacking , as much as poor directing in some scenes . The story is strange , and somewhat idiotic specially towards the end . Half of the plot has no explanation ever throughout the film , and the movie ends and you still remain with a lot of unanswered questions . It 's not that this movie could have part II either . This is not that type of movie either.It gave me the impression that Silent House lost a reel or two at the editing room , and that they just used the remaining filmed reels . Again , a lot of the plot parts seem to be missing , to achieve the category of a completed film . I know Indy films are usually peculiar , but this one goes further by leaving you with too many questions.I liked a lot of the camera shallow depth of field used here . Probably 90 % of the film is about capturing the face of actress Olsen , and because of the shallow depth of field used , you can barely distinguish anything else around her . On top of that , the film takes place in a very dark interior . Takes filmed outside is has been reduced to a minimum . This add a lot of the eeriness to the film.Bottom line
 I 'm sorry but personally this movie sucked so bad and it was so drawn out and it was n't at all worth watching . I watched it in theaters and i definetly will not buy it when it comes out ... This movie was so stupid it was unreal . . I rate it a 1 out of 5 for at least trying to direct it ...
 I felt this movie was terribly disappointing . My issues are :1 . She seemed to get freaked out/scared WAY to easily . I was wondering why she would react so terrified to such simple stuff . She knew her dad and uncle were there , so hearing sounds is n't really abnormal .2 . They advertised this as in real-time style , but by the end of the movie , you realize that was entirely pointless -LRB- SPOILER
 5 words can describe this movieBORING , INSULTED INTELLIGENCE , CHEAP , BORINGreal yawner , plus the fact is was so cheaply made . most of the picture was out of focus , photographer-director-writer should watch some old speghetti westerns and take notes.the best part of the move was `` the end `` Silent House
 This movie was nothing that we have n't already seen with Hide and Seek or Secret Window . This was an unoriginal , predictable , below average film .
 It was n't a bad idea ... just too predictable for me . I thought it was a ghost story but was n't and did n't scare me at all .
 The acting was awful , the plot was bad , my husband and I were sorry we rented this . We did not find it creepy or scary at all . When the main character was supposed to be acting terrified , it was phony looking . It sounded like an atmospheric spooky house movie , but we were very disappointed
 Unique Idea with the no film cut but the plot was horrible and did n't make sense . The movie was disappointing to say the least .
 Nothing new or unique . This movie was perfectly predictable . It was very easy early on to figure out what exactly was happening and where we were heading.If you are looking for scary or thrilling , look elsewhere .
 This movie has been done before several times . Maybe I have seen to many of them but for me there was no twist.I figured it out pretty quickly . It 's a combo of a Deniro flick -LRB- which I wo n't say -RRB- & quarantine . I thought quarantine was a much better movie.I really like Elizabeth Olson & she is an up & comer , but this was not her best work.Basically I was n't afraid & was pretty bored until the last 20 minutes .
 This is the movie where it 's done all in one take , 88 minutes of following the most annoying helpless girl in any horror movie ever.Watch in aggravation and sheer frustration as we get every terrible clich&eacute; in the horror genre complete with the worst camera work since Blair Witch.The plotline does n't matter its crap and it changes like five hundred times . Every attempt to be scary is shot down five minutes before it happens because its so predictable . The only reason this is n't getting a 0 is because I thought the guy said moles in the wall instead of mold and it was funny and because there was a scene where the killer was briefly seen running through a pitch black house with his hand stretched out to try and grab someone 's throat which was stupid but at this point all you could do was laugh.Everything about this movie was unacceptably bad in every single level . It was n't scary , the acting was very poor , the plot must have been written by a middle schooler and the ` artsy ' camera work was just awful and headache inducing .
 This movie dragged on until the very end . It really could have been a 10 minute movie . The remaining part was just her running away from this mistery figure .
 Extremely BAD camera work . The kids had the plot figured out in 10 minutes which is about how long the movie should have lasted . I just wanted to scream out loud . All the lead did was run and cry . Snot all over the place . No plot at all ; kept saying to myself please stop . I kept hoping something would happen and I wish I would have listened to my better judgement and turned the thing off . They should show this to someone who has to be excuted and he will beg to die sooner !!
 I hated this movie . Well , I hated the first hour , at any rate , and when I realised it had no intention of trying to get better , I walked out . I was not the first person in the screening to do so.The film is , in its way , technically ambitious , the whole thing ostensibly a single take -LRB- apparently shot on a high-end Canon DSLR , hence the super-narrow depth of field -RRB- , in the style ofRussian Ark. . But Russian Ark is a unique achievement -LRB- and a very different film -RRB- . This is no Russian Ark.It seems unlikely director Chris Kentis really pulled this off in a single take - there are regular static scenes where a cut would have been quite easy to get away with -LRB- and in any case a second camera guy gets a credit ! -RRB- As this technique is merely verisimilitude , not the real thing , you get none of the points for difficulty , but you constrain yourself to a very distracting idiom
 Remaking Gustavo Hernandez 's inventive Uruguayan thriller , La Casa Muda , proves an interesting technical challenge . The film , which debuted at Cannes back in 2010 , was widely praised for it 's tight , real time conceit , shot in one single take . It 's a practice that we see used frequently in bits and pieces , but with the exception of Alfred Hitchcock 's Rope not often as a feature film standard . Chris Kentis and Laura Lau , who made a splash nine years ago with their low budget deep sea thriller , Open Water , have stuck nearly shot-for-shot with Hernandez 's film with Silent House , and in doing so are subject to many of the same failings surrounding a poorly delivered `` twist '' that undermines literally everything that came before it.One of two films at last year 's Sundance Film Festival that rocketed Elizabeth Olsen into superstardom , the other being Martha Marcy May Marlene , she gives an equally fractious but far less compelling performance as Sarah , a young woman who along with her father and uncle attempt to repair and resell their old home . The creep factor sets in almost from the very beginning , not just from the broken windows , squeaky floorboards , and lack of electricity forcing the use of candlelight , but Sarah 's uncle seems especially concerned about her well being . There 's something not quite right with her , and the touch 'n go treatment by her family only makes it more obvious.The arrival of a persistent neighbor girl Sarah ca n't quite remember is basically the signal to let the terror begin . What starts as Sarah seeming to be a little paranoid over the occasional bump in the dark , quickly escalates into bloody violence . Her father is attacked and left for dead , somebody is stalking the darkened hallways looking for another victim . Is it a squatter , looking to keep the dilapidated building for himself ? Or is it something more than that?Kentis creates a perfect sense of dread , with the boarded up windows allowing the most minimal of light to penetrate , giving the impression of being trapped in a deep cavern . Subsequently , the few times Sarah actually bursts forth to the outside , you feel as if you yourself have escaped the darkness along with her , racing along through the herky jerky shaky cam . It actually works in this case , giving the film an uncomfortable oppressiveness that 'll likely cause a few chills.Getting to that point is excruciating slow , highlighting one of the drawbacks of the single shot technique . Breaking out of a tonal comfort zone is difficult enough for most directors to pull off in an organic way , but when you do n't have the luxury of cutting elsewhere it 's exceedingly difficult . Whether or not Kentis and Lau actually hold true to the real time gimmick is anybody 's guess , but it certainly looks like they have . There 's nothing wrong with the film technically , but as boredom settles in you 'll probably spend more time looking for scene cuts than watching Sarah burst into tears for the umpteenth time.Olsen is good enough in her role , although it 's unclear to me what the big fuss was about , because the role itself is extremely weak . The film hinges on a shocker twist that wo n't be spoiled here , even though it 's basically given away early on by Oscar Estevez 's poorly managed script . Without the benefit of surprise , Silent House is little more than a mediocre horror , enough to appease fans of the genre but not much else .
 This movie was not very interesting at all . I could n't really get into it . It takes forever to get to the point . Its pretty slow paced .
 When all is lost , and you 've wasted an hour and a half of your life on a lousy movie , go read the negative reviews . They are more entertaining than the flick -LRB- `` I laughed , I cried , ... '' -RRB- I needed some confirmation that I was n't hallucinating as to how bad this movie really was . Everything they say is true . I actually turned it off after about 75 min . of agonizing boredom . When I saw in the reviews that there was a `` twist , '' I skipped through and watched the ending . Duh ! Could it be any more obvious?As a fan of Hitchcock , I find the gory parts of the newer horror genre a turn-off . I suffer through them to get to the plot . A little subtlety , please ? Arguably , there are those fans of gore and they are welcome to it . It 's not my kind of `` art '' form . But the most bothersome thing in this movie was the absolute dullness of plot and imagination . How long can it take to roam through a small house ? Jeez ... You 'd think they were exploring Siberia . A little paranormal touch would have been welcome.There is no `` normal person '' reaction in this movie . None of us would act as these characters did . That made it a hair-tearing experience for me that I 'd rather not repeat . How frustrating ! And the negative reviewers are correct ... this `` real time '' art format has been done skillfully , but not here.The scariest thing about this film is knowing that there are viewers out there who ARE scared by such situations . Please get therapy ...
 I recently decided to stream this on Netflix -LRB- available as of 11/24/12 -RRB- , although I did n't know much about the film except for it having a theatrical release . Silent House follows Sarah -LRB- Elizabeth Olsen -RRB- as she is terrorized by an unknown person while cleaning out her vacation home along with her father and uncle . Unfortunately , Silent House is a -LRB- mostly -RRB- generic horror film.First , the story is not exactly original or innovative , although it 's shooting style is . I 'd identify it as a psychological horror film ; if you 've watched many horror films in your time and have heard this genre/term before , you can probably see the ending coming from a mile away . It does pack a few decent jump scares throughout , and some redeeming tension . Yet , it follows a very simple formula you may notice right away and may not like ; this is basically how the movie goes
 not my type of movie , this movie was my wifes pick and she did n't like it . i did get caught up on some reports .
 This movie was okay i was just totally confused by the ending i 'm not sure if it was a ghost story or something else . it was not what i expected it to be . i did though liked elizabeth olsen 's acting she was the only promising actor in that movie . all in all it was okay . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do n't . it was a little creepy but not scary
 Okay . I was so excited about this movie when I saw the trailers . The idea that the piece was going to be happening `` in real time '' seemed like a really cool and unique way to shoot a horror film . And ... for about the first 2/3 of the film it was . But that is where it all fell apart . The ending of the movie was so out of left field and so incongruent to the rest of the film I literally had to rewind it to make sure I did n't miss something . Sadly , I did n't . It 's too bad because the acting and premise were very good . The ending was just a sad letdown .
 Thought the movie would be suspenseful and interesting , instead it turned out to be one of those cliche ' psycho films . Halfway through you basically figured the whole thing out and just wanted it to end so you could rent and watch something else .
 This movie was great if you like bad acting , predictable plots and teasing girls in revealing shirts . It reminded me of a trip I took to a strip club back in the early 90 's . The girl worked me up and then left me hanging at the end . No resolution . Thank goodness I borrowed this from the library . But I will never again get those minutes back that I sat through watching this . If you like Ms. Olsen , check it out , she 's kinda cute and built , otherwise , go with a better movie .
 I was expecting much more out of this movie . I had even read a bunch of reviews that made it sound `` promising '' . I was wrong and so were the good reviews . This movie had very little going for it . The story line was weak , the characters were mediocre at best and the so-called `` twist '' ending was a complete letdown . I wo n't ruin the ending for those who choose to suffer through this lame adventure in a dark house , however , I will advise you to save your money . This one was so much of a sleeper , that it made me doze.If you want a good flick with one of the best twist endings ever , buy or rent `` Fallen '' -LRB- with Denzel Washington and John Goodman -RRB- . Now that was a worthwhile movie .
 The one shot apparently , uncut shot , or one take , or whatever is clever , and very well done , in fact we need more Chris Kentis and Laura Lau 's in this world , to push different envelopes of celluloid , and I understand that camcorder grainy looking guerrilla type film making that made Blair Witch so brilliant , is token here . I am sure there will certainly be a large chunk of the audience that watched it looking to get terrified , who are probably unaware , on any conscious plain , of the single-shot technique while watching and think absolutely nothing of it after , and if that the directors goal , they achieved it . But that is the only credit I can give them , because save that , its a total fiasco . I really thought I was watching a take , or a rehearsal , not because of that style of film making , but because the acting was so pushed and horrendous . The father was just horrid , what a wrong choice for career moves for that dude . Wooden , fake , horrible ; you could walk away from the screen in the first fifteen minutes , and think you were hearing a bunch of NY academy of film kids rehearsing on a 19th street corner.Just an ughh , . ughhhhh. , yeah ughhhhh perplexing ... there are so many issues the film had , and it did n't have to have . First of all its beautiful outside , why lock the doors , save the excuse that weird girl from childhood , christ , open all the doors , let the air in , its obviously Fall outside . If not then make sure the boards are so shut , and SHOWN that way , that the viewer would say , ` well good luck sweetheart trying to pry those open from the inside , did you see all those nails on the outside of the house ' re gard less ... ok SPOILER ALERT : : : : ... so shes a mess from the mold -LRB- or so the camera lends us to believe twice -RRB- and the toxins getting to her head and well yeah she its retaliation for being abused by her father and her uncle as a kid , and this was plotted revenge ... so there was no friend from the past and no zombie looking creature carrying bodies , it was her all along ... intriguing ... simple , not really a twist so to speak , but still kinda not original ... So yeah lets run back and forth in a house with three levels , and hope the person in there is n't on one of the floors , its not a maze , its a small cape cod looking home , honestly where is the intruder going to hide ... I can understand if it was a huge Mansion on long island but really ... then again the nice long shot as she leave the house , shows it to be a bit more massive then lead to believe originally.honestly , the lowest common denominator of film making , I 'd even place it under The Strangers , and that was so bad , it was good.but two stars for the one long shot ...
 This movie is clunky and the supporting cast is terrible , BUT watching Elizabeth Olsen in a single take for an hour and a half might still be worth your money . Go , Elizabeth ! Rent , do n't buy .
 Sarah -LRB- Elizabeth Olsen -RRB- helps her dad -LRB- Adam Trese -RRB- and creepy uncle -LRB- Eric Sheffer Stevens , `` My have you grown Sarah '' -RRB- clean up an old family lake house for resale . The cousins did n't want to help . Sarah has very little memory of the place as a child and does n't even remember the neighbor girl who she played with ... hmmm . The house has been vandalized and appears to have rodent damage which prevents the use of electricity . It is unnaturally pitch black dark inside , even during the day because the house is boarded up and of course they do n't have cell phone reception . Between these few clues and the title of the film , we know which direction the film is going to take , just not the details . Yawn.Sarah becomes unnerved by things that go bump in the night and much of the film is dark or poorly lit with camera angels that focus on Sarah 's cleavage . When they are not focused on her cleavage , they are extremely bad amateur angels that distracted from the film instead of enhancing it . Might work as a rental if you ran out of paint to watch dry . A fair film made bad by a director trying out gimmicks.F-bomb , strong sexual innuendo , no nudity outside of cleavage .
 During its theatrical run , SILENT HOUSE was touted as 85 straight minutes of terror , suggesting the movie was shot in real time without edits . Research on IMDB clarifies that the movie was filmed in scene order but only in 10-minute segments and was edited . I mention this only because a real time filming would have strengthened the movie 's originality.Alas , I do n't think anything could have salvaged this disappointing movie.In a dimly lit house , we get Elizabeth Olsen running hysterically through the house from someone who has ostensibly attacked her daddy . Later her uncle returns to assist Olsen in finding her now missing dad . The movie 's obvious `` twist '' is inevitable and elicits chuckles more than surprise.Writer / director Laura Lau has no sense of characterization and settles for uncontrolled performances .
 Lots of screaming and BS , very weak movie . wasted money . Do not even consider to rent this crappy one . Just one star .
 The only reason I thought this movie was even slightly good was cause the stooges were in it . I 've only watched it twice -LRB- that means it 's bad , other stooge movies/shorts I 've watched 20 times or so -RRB- and the movie in my opinion is horrible . It had a very bad plot , but even at that I think the Stooges did good , it 's the writers who need to come up with something a little better than meeting hercules ...
 There is something wrong with this video . You can only hear the music . The woman 's lips -LRB- and hips -RRB- move but you can not hear a word she is saying .
 The second film in which Elvis plays a character named Walter -LRB- the first was `` Kid Galahad '' , `` The Trouble With Girls '' is a snooze , but a worthy addition to the King 's filmography if only because it represents a complete change of pace from most of his other 1960 's vehicles . Set in the 1920s , he 's the manager of a travelling tent show rocked by assorted scandals , and he 's surrounded by a cast of solid professionals -LRB- Vincent Price appears in a cameo -RRB- . Slim , relaxed , and impeccably dressedin a white suit , Elvis looks better here than he has in a decade , and it 's no wonder . By the time this film entered production , the TV special that would represent his return from the ashes of low-budget Hollywood pap , was already in the can , and he had only one more movie to go -LRB- `` Change of Habit '' -RRB- before bidding adieu to the film capital that saw him as nothing more than bait to reel in an often undiscriminating teenaged audience .
 This is certainly the WORST movie that Elvis had anything to do with , unless you count the final televised which can be just as disturbing and difficult to watch at this `` ATOMIC '' bomb . I enjoyed SEEING the sweet little Anissa Jones , John Carradine , Dabney Coleman , and Vincent Price , but beyond that this movie is absolutely unbearable . Please avoid even VIEWING it . Bottom of the trash can , literally .
 I watched the VHS version purchased some years ago . I am a big Timothy Dalton fan but this is far from his best work . The scenes are disconnected and the sound quality is poor . The Irish accent gets in the way of understanding conversations , and therefore the plot . Having spent some time in Northern Ireland , I know the history of the IRA `` revolution '' but if not for the news stories of that time , the story would not be revealed very well .
 It 's painful to watch Moran struggle through this film , clearly trying too hard to prove herself as a legitimate actress . Zimpel is adequate , given the material he 's working with . I did n't necessarily want these 32 minutes back , as the film was mildly entertaining . However , I do n't think I would pay $ 15 to view it .
 As a fan of cult cinema and gay underground films , I admit , my expectations for this DVD were pretty slim . I knew Dallesandro would be a visual feast , if not a genuine screen presence . Other than that , I ca n't say that I expected this film to impress me.Well , it did n't . I 've waded through John Waters ' early efforts with more mirth than this sad film could hope to inspire . Laughing at this film is like empathizing with the upper-crust couple that Joe has the misfortune of encountering
 The movie is really trash . The movie starts out showing Joe Dallesandro 's -LSB- rear -RSB- and Geri Miller go-go dancing naked . Later on in the movie we meet Holly Woodlawn a trash collector who is a transvestite and a former prostitute . More graphic nudity and sex come up when Jane Forth and her husband come in the story . An all right beginning , middle , and end but the story is terrible .
 Too fragmented , no flow , for me gave an insight to Joe 's acting abilities and as well as the writer -LRB- s -RRB- and director .
 Terrible , poorly made movie . I absolutely hated every character except the black guy . It 's a shallow teen movie . I 'm really shocked that these sorts of films have n't been banned . So in order to be a successful teenager , you need to drink and have sex at parties ? Nice message . I was hoping the film would explore subjects like how people with superpowers would deal with it , but that was wishful thinking . The story needed to be much deeper than this . Where is the US government ? Other governments ? One of the characters does turn evil , but the way it 's done is quite poor . He was bullied , gets a mean scowl on his face and starts destroying buildings . That 's it?This is not a movie for people who have been in the working world for a few years . It 's great for teenagers , but it 's a ridiculous movie that gets really pretentious and silly at the very end . It 's a movie written from the perspective of a person that grew up in a well-off area , living a shallow party lifestyle , and it 's fairly obvious . While there are some great special effects , it 's the kind of movie that most people imagine they could do a far better job with if they were in charge .
 Personally , I 'm way over the whole hand held camera movies ... Sometimes it works really well , Cloverfield is a good example , even the original Blair Witch Project . Chronicle is a perfect example of when it does n't ... and that 's really not even the worst part of this movie . What is truly dreadful about this video -LRB- cuz it does n't even rate being called a film by any stretch of the imagination -RRB- is the piss poor visual effects . I 'm sorry , but every single scene looks amateur and it appears the hand held camera does nothing to help it , much less cover it up ... . it 's one thing to shoot hand held , fine , it 's played out , but I get it . What IS NOT ok , is to put out a movie with a VFX heavy story , that look like some teenager living in their parents basement did it with a cracked copy of After Effects . I go to school with guys that would be `` mortified '' to turn in a class project much less homework that looks this bad ... . if it does n't rate student work , it should n't rate your hard earned movie dollars , much less your time .
 Wow this movie was horrible . Made 0 logical sense at all . Just because they can fly/elevate themselves they can all the sudden breathe at 30k feet elevation ... . hmmm . . Maybe I am just getting older and more annoyed , who knows.horrible movie at best however .
 I walked out half way through and I never do that . Another HORRIDLE movie shot with a video camera . Need I say more ? Save 90 minutes of your life and take a nice long nap instead of wasting it watching this amateur garbage .
 Blair Witch/Troll Hunter type movie . Found myself skipping ahead a lot to get to meaty parts . You might like it if you like that type movie . I really could n't get into it . Last 20-30 minutes of the film tell the whole story . A lot of cornball acting , overacting , & not at all acting , makes this a pretty boring piece . Could have been a pretty good film if not for the found footage film . Wasted money & time .
 My time could have better been spent cleaning a toilet . What a waste of money to make this , it had potential to be a great story but the writers must have been drunk , high or both .
 Finally sat down and watched this with my daughter . Previews seemed to make this movie look pretty interesting - well they snookered us . Greatest review is when someone from the audience this movie was targeted to just simply states `` Dad that was total Garbage , no story , no plot and no interesting characters - can you send it back ? '' Buyer beware on this one , get it from the $ 0.99 bin if its not already there .
 I 'd rate it lower if I could . The Misfits on Hulu had a better plot . This is garbage at it 's finest . Blair Witch Hunt combined with adolescent male fantasy . A total waste of money . Could n't even finish it .
 Big movie studios spend almost no money making this kind of crap and rake in millions from a stupid populace . Tell them it sucks , and maybe , just maybe , they 'll stop making this crap . If I could give it no stars I would .
 The Blair Witch meets Teen Angst and Phenomenon . It does have some bright moments but generally looks like a replay of movies you have seen before -LRB- and have been done better -RRB- .
 Like watching paint dry ! Seemed to go on forever with no improvement . Might be preferred by the twelve to fourteen year old age group .
 I really like movies that think outside the box , D9 , Hunter Prey , Equilibrium , etc. and this movie seemed to offer just that but it never really gets off the ground -LRB- pun intended -RRB- Chronicle eludes to three teenagers that mysteriously acquire super powers , well not exactly , the powers they get are kinda lame . My biggest beef with this movie is that it offers a very narrow range of characters to relate to
 This movie was not what it was hyped up to be . The trailer was the best about the movie . It was a let down !
 Man it looked like my neighbor did a home video . There was only a short period of good footage to it and I thought the acting was only fair at best
 I had really high hopes for this movie . I got my popcorn and plopped down in front of the computer for an evening of entertainment . Unfortunately , I found myself getting real bored . I paused it and went and did something more interesting . When I completely ran out of other things to do I came back . Amazon took away my privileges to watch the movie . I have never had this problem with Netflix or Redbox . Anyway I learned much from the experience . 1 -RRB- Do n't rent a movie about a bunch of dumb kids called `` Chronicle '' and 2 -RRB- Do n't rent movies from Amazon .
 This movie was not very good at all ! I mean its like not even a movie all it really is is this guy who has some serious issues recording him and his friend 's new `` abilities '' . Would not recommend .
 My husband usually makes fun of the fact that I 'll only watch movies with big-name actors ... . There 's a reason . When they are n't willing to spring for the names , it 's usually a crappy film . The actors were fine - the only reason I gave this two stars instead of one - but it 's a low-budget flick with a seriously stupid story . I could barely make myself watch . Seriously boring ... and sad . I 'll be sticking to the big-name actors from here on out .
 Wish I would have waited to rent this . Not worth the new release price . found footage film . In my opinion , found footage films look cheap . My low review might be partial to that , however , I found the story line to be nothing great either .
 This was terrible . I should have pulled it out after 10 minutes . The characters are morons . I hate this movie !
 If your an adult , save your hard earned bucks , this one is for the kiddies . Reminds me of those silly made for tv shows for teens on saturdays way back in the eighties . Almost everything you see in this is shot by lead guys hand-held camera , he takes it to school , `` here 's my school '' around the house `` say hello to my new camera Mom '' , etc. . Was there a script or was this all done off the cuff . I need a refund for this jewel ! Wish i could give it a half of a star .
 I am a SiFi fan to say the least . I own over 500 DVDs 80 % are SiFI.In my opinio this movie was awsome . Fantastic ending .
 Great movie Sy-Fy movie lovers are going to be hooked on it ! It was so worth the 12 dollars i spent to get it .
 Absolute Crap ! Junk , Nonsense , Empty BS , Waste of Time , Do n't waste your time/money . Needs at least 20 words . I can not understand why anyone would rate this any higher . You are invited to waste your time and money . So , learn for yourself .
 Wow , what a waste of whatever I paid on this piece of trash . Had pretty much no plot in my opinion ... nothing to say but BADDDD
 I ca n't bring myself to give this hollywood garbage a ' 1 star ' ... those are reserved for the truly , worst-of-the-worst ; however , this is really , really bad . I 'm glad I only paid $ 1 from a red box rental . I watched it with my 12 year old son and we both thought it really stunk ...
 The whole movie was `` shot '' from one of the characters video camera , like the Blair Witch Project , and the video was very shaky . It made me feel dizzy at times . It was entertaining but I would n't pay for it .
 Wow . What a waste of an interesting plot . Great special effects -LRB- what little there were -RRB- wasted in the effort to create a melodrama of teenage angst filmed on a hand-held camera rather than a sci-fi/fantasy film . The question `` what would it be like to gain super powers ? '' is answered by this production like this
 > ___ < if you watch this movie your going to want a refund on your time . . sadly there is no such thing . . so you will just be upset with the time wasted ... I would go into detail about why you should n't watch this movie but your most likely going to watch it anyway to see if its as bad as some say or as good as some say ... all I can and will say to not ruin it for anyone that wants to see it and doesnt want spoilers . . is ... Just wait till you see the ending ... everything else was ok ... but the closer it got to the ending the more I said O __ o ; ; ; ;
 My friend and I made my wife and his wife watches movie . We told him that it would be good , and it looked really interesting in the previews . I think that we were a little wrong , and I feel bad for making our wives watch this movie . It was definitely not worth the money . The camera shots were horrible , and the plot just was not there . They could 've made this movie so much better , but it is a major flop . Do not watch this it 's not worth your time .
 Do not waste your money or your time on this terrible disgusting poorly made movie . It sucks big fat sweaty hairy from under cheese donkey balls .
 This pov -LRB- point of view -RRB- camera technique is pointless and just relentless to the point of destroying any semblance entertainment . Gets in the way of the movie . Build an Ark , better use of time .
 This thing basically suckedChronicle -LRB- Two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + Digital Copy -RRB- I bought thre dvd based upon other recomendations and it proved to be the biggestr mistake I have made with any movie . I live in Mexico -LRB- another big mistake -RRB- and getting movies here is a no-no so I depend on getting them from the USA . DO NOT waste your money on this farce .
 I have to wonder what movie the other reviewers watched , but what I watched stunk . I drifted out of the living room to clean the garage rather than watch the rest of the movie . Pretty sad when cleaning the garage is more interesting and entertaining than the movie ... Save your money and pass on this one !
 Your movies a still jerky and pause when they should not . The feed is bad . Do I need to say more.I do not have this problem with netflix or vudu .
 I went into this movie with high expectations , which was my biggest mistake . It had potential to be better , but in the end it was a waste of time .
 dumbest movie I have ever viewed , I doubt even teens will rave about this one . Some of the scenes were fantastic , as in fantasy , no one would believe it .
 one of the worse movies I have ever seen . Bad acting and oh my gosh bad special effects . If you have nothing else to watch your better off watching a rerun of SpongeBob Square Pants .
 Almost good , far from great , this was another movie aimed at the highschool demographic and with seductive movie trailers caught the adult interest too . Oops , guess I fell for that again -25 $ , 2 hours , retarded high school sex -LRB- thanks again for marketing that to our sons and daughters so deliberately , I mean sure we know , but its the whole image you create when you show `` super-kids '' going from looser to pimp with these illegitimate powers -RRB- scenes and an irremovable bad taste , but then Diablo 3 started working so I was able to recover quickly .
 Sorry . Ca n't give any documentary style movie a good rating . I wish there was a warning on films like this . I get easily nauseated watching these types of films and did not make it through 30 minutes . My wife watched a bit longer but does not care for this style of movie , either . Her complaint is that it 's hard to get `` mentally lost '' when watching a movie that looks like a home video . Just be warned if you are like me , and do n't care for a documentary/home video style of movie .
 I like super hero movies , and after reading the synopsis on the movie , thought it may have potential . WRONG ! First of all , the filming was done in the style of `` The Blair Witch Project '' and `` Cloverfield '' . Almost the entire movie was jumpy . The actual story line was plausible but unfortunately the script was a total failure . The little bit of action in the movie was a total failure as well , though I think some of that may have been due to the filming style . The acting was surprisingly bad also .
 I liked the commercials for the movie but when I actually saw it there was really nothing to it . I was bored stiff !
 I have no idea why this movie was popular or why other reviewers liked it . The story is predictable . The acting is bad . The special effects are lousy -LRB- very obvious wire work , blue screening , etc -RRB- .
 After seeing all the good reviews I was expecting a good movie and not one that was shot with a hand held camera . Besides that though the movie itself was ... very bad and I 'm sad I wasted the money on It , at least it was only a couple dollars though .
 Well ... highly rated and that is why I paid to see this . Disapointment from the start . Camflicks not my bag for one and this is sssslow moving . Some action but certainly not worth the $ $ $ . Juvenile with no decent continuity and novice plot .
 I expected better from this and was greatly disappointed . I would of rather purchased this in the bunker at stores for 3.99 and would not be as disappointed . rent this or wait for bunker diving : -RRB-
 Many people watch superpower hero movies . Quite a few have read the comic books behind most of them . And of course speculate as to what it would be like if you had the powers.Put on a towel and jump off the roof . It is much more thrilling than this movie . I suppose it 's a popular gimmick nowadays but `` Blair Witch '' movies do n't thrill me . If you enjoy this type of presentation then definitely watch the movie `` Apollo 18 '' it is just as hokey.Three teens -LRB- Dane DeHaan , Alex Russell , and Michael B. Jordan -RRB- fall in a hole . It is too bad they did not stay there . Of course if they had we would n't have much of a movie I guess , such that it is . Then came the proverbial powers . It 's not so bad watching them have to struggle with their newfound abilities ; but having to watch it on a phony homemade movie genre is more than one can take . You can guess the outcome before it starts ; so you better enjoy this people throwing objects around and throwing more objects around and throwing more objects around until they run at objects that are around .
 Acting
 This movie script was poorly written . It jumped right into the kids and the super powers they got . It was so boring and slow with seemingly no point that we shut it off half way through . We should have rented MI3 instead .
 It had potential , but by the end of the movie I wanted the past hour and half of my life back .
 Oh brother . 5-stars for this ? You must be kidding ? I just do not see what all the buzz is for . The movie began with a good enough `` angle '' to it . Three guys at a party find a glowing light in a field , go investigate , and suddenly find out they are possessed with super powers ... kind of . Of course , though , one of the guys is the nerd whose father beats on because mamma is sickly ; the other is the nerd 's only friend , but that 's because he 's related to him , and lastly , we 've got the jock ... who is friends with the nerd because ... ? The nerdy character , however , begins to use his powers for evil -LRB- ooooh ; are n't ya ' scared ? -RRB- , and it 's up to the other two calm him down . Throw in a simply NEEDLESS love interest , and you 've got a snooze of a movie.Perhaps if the director and screenwriter would have gone at a different angle , I might have enjoyed this movie more . But , when you have a scene where the boy 's mother is DYING , but he 'd rather go `` play , '' that just made no sense to me . And , of course , there 's the `` show down '' between nerd and cousin.The plot of telekensis was done much better in `` Carrie . '' While Carrie might have been a nerd , at least the audience felt something for her . I felt nothing for these characters ; therefore , I could feel nothing for the movie .
 Although the characters start off quite likable and interesting , the super power element ends up forcing the plot down a very cliche super hero route . The film is quite reminiscent of The Craft only with a male cast . In other words a group of teenage friends who are bonded by their sudden introduction to the supernatural.Dane DeHaan stars with a mopey vulnerability that 's quite authentic , but unfortunately the film drives that single emotional note to the extreme . His character becomes implausible , difficult to sympathize with , and down right annoying . Generally I found especially the final act of this film -LRB- Spoiler
 Okay , first I will say that one of the reasons that I did not care much for this movie is that I HATE this kind of film making . That 's the over-the-shoulder , 1st-person , portable-camera style of film -LRB- ex . Cloverfield , Blair Witch Project -RRB- . The main reason that I hate this is because I feel like I 'm watching a reality TV show or documentary , not a movie . When I sit down at a theater , I want to feel like I am watching a movie . The other reason that I hate them is because the film makers normally try too hard to make it work , instead of focusing on the film itself . I heard that Chronicle was filmed like that but I decided to give it a chance and walk into it with an open mind . Unfortunately , the film confirmed my reasons all the more why I distaste this type of movie.First , I 'll start with saying that the story was actually pretty good . It was a character based action movie , kind of like Hanna . Three teenagers stumble upon some kind of `` radioactive alien crystal '' which releases a weird energy that makes all of them powerful telekinetics . The story did a good job developing the characters and showed them experimenting with their powers and taking larger steps throughout . At first , they moved small objects and toward the end of the film , they were throwing heavy objects while levitating . I also looked at this film as a superhero origin story . I 'll try not to spoil everything , but I felt that it concluded nicely with one character appearing ready to accept the life of a superhero.Now on to what I did n't like . I said in the title that I felt that they tried `` too hard '' with the narrative camera . Here 's what I mean -LRB- this will probably only make sense if you 've seen the movie , but I 'll try to explain -RRB- . The film is entirely shot in 1st person , with the viewer apparently seeing everything through the lens of the character 's camaras . With that being said ... how often do you see someone who just decides to `` film everything '' ? How many people to you know that film every waking moment of their lives including when they 're walking or in the car ? How often does a girl answer the doorbell while still holding a camera ? And how can the viewer expect that someone who is in the middle of a confrontation with his cousin would care about or could focus on making his camera float ? The bottom line is that the things they did to try and make it more `` realistic '' actually made it more unrealistic . Not to mention , these kinds of films always have bad camera angles in a lot of scenes , so it 's often hard to tell what is going on.Another thing I really did n't like was how short the film was . By the time the credits started rolling , I had only been in the theater 80 min . I 'm glad I waited and only paid $ 1.50 to see the movie because I would have been pretty pissed if I had paid $ 10 for an 80 min movie . This movie could have been great . I normally like comic book type superhero movies and action movies . This could have been a 4 or 5 star movie in my book if they had just made it a little longer and film it like an actual movie , instead of trying too hard to make the 1st person camera thing work . Trying too hard to make the 1st person movie work in a good film is the same thing as trying too hard to find spots to enhance the 3D in a script with no substance otherwise .
 `` If we 're gon na keep going and we 're getting stronger we need rules . '' After three friends find a strange place the acquire superpowers . At first they just begin to mess around with their new powers and mess with people . When the begin to grow stronger they are forced to decide weather to use them for good or evil . I was actually looking forward to this movie . The preview made it seem a little `` X-Men '' like and I though it would be a neat idea . Almost from the beginning I was disappointed . I do however think that this is a movie meant for teenagers and not for me a 33 year old . To me this was a cross between a ton of different movies , most notably `` Hancock '' and `` Superman 3 '' , but really almost a blender full of movies . My biggest problem with this one is that it had no plot at all . This is pretty much a reality show about kids with superpowers . If scenes like the kids messing with some lady 's car by moving it to another parking spot or eating chips without touching them with their hands is what you are looking for then this is for you . On a side note I think that the fake-documentary genre has run its course and needs to stop . Overall , a plot less movie that I think is geared toward teens , not for me . I give it a C + .
 If you think this is a good movie forget about it , this movie stinks . If you think it is good then you must be a fan of the Blair Witch Project , hand held videos !!!!! OMG
 I can not stand movies that are made in the third person . It reminds me a lot of Blair Witch being filmed by a video camera . Movie wasall over the place . Really weird movie .
 I had to walk away from this film as the shaky camera work was giving me a crashing headache . In my opinion this movie is for teenagers , not adults . Incredibly stupid dialogue ... If it had n't been for the camera work , I might have stuck it out , but I was getting vertigo . I can not understand why directors use this device - maybe I 'm too sensitive .
 Andrew 's mom is sick . His dad was a firefighter , now he 's a drunk . Andrew is considered a bit of a geek at school which is compounded when he decides to carry a video camera everywhere and film everything.His cousin Matt talks him into going to a rave . Then Matt and his friend Steve stumble on a strange hole . They talk Andrew into filming as they explore the hole , cave and what it contains . What is in the cave ca n't be explained , yet gives them strange powers and brings out their dark side.Most of the movie is filmed from Andrew 's viewpoint -- literally -- as though he is filming the movie himself . As a result the story is raw and gritty . This filming style is not my taste and I found it rather boring . However , it is a pretty good illustration of the pent up anger kids can have if they face verbal and/or physical abuse at home and/or school . Especially if no one takes the time or energy to truly care .
 sorry movie ! do n't like movies where you have to look through the camera to see the show your watching . reminded me of another movie i saw ... distric 9
 I did not like this movie because of the camera and it did seem like the Blair Witch Project movie . Also if there is anything that this movie showed me then it is that do n't give an emo kid super powers . Nuff said .
 The premis was there . Very Akira-esque in its potential direction . This movie could have been something great , but instead we were treated with horrible camera work and a story that did n't know where to go . Is it worth renting ? That all depends on whether you 're up for something good , or desperate for something to watch . Aim to be on the latter side and you may find this movie tolerable .
 One thing that always escapes me when it comes to this supposed found footage genre , which unfortunately has long grown stale , is how when the crap 's about to hit the fan , the characters would rather turn their video camera in as opposed to running away . Yet , for some reason they seem to draw a lot of audiences . Look at the 83 minute exercise in audience trolling we got earlier this year , `` The Devil Inside '' . Found footage ? Check . Made a large impression at the box office ? check.And so we have a movie yet again that sticks somclose to its found footage guns , Chronicle . The found footage genre makes its way to the superpower realm . A bunch of teenagers encounter a strange glowy green thing and auddenly have superpowers ? Sounds like X-Men , does n't it ? Sadly it 's nowhere near as fun , in fact , in the fun department , it 's miles and miles behind.The film is taken from the video camera of Andrew -LRB- DeHaan , True Blood -RRB- , a lonely , bored and abused teenager who lives with his dying mother and alcoholic , abusive father who beats him to a pulp on a regular basis . His only friend is his cousin , Matt -LRB- Russell , who could very well be Thomas Bangalter 's long lost cousin -RRB- . For some reason , Andrew feels the need to tape absolutely everything that goes on in life , and does so for the first twenty minutes on an old school over the shoulder camera.At a party one night , he and his cousin meet Steve , a character who unfortunately gets reduced to being the token black guy . They go into a hole where there 's a green glowy rock and ta da , because of it , they have superpowers . Big whoop . They can perform telekinesis and stuff . Then Andrew gets pushed a tad too far , he ca n't control his powers , he loves being dark and evil , and blah , blah , blah . Oh and I 'll note there several parts where Andrew plays with the camera using his powers.Like I said , this film is too found footage for my liking . First off , a good portion of the movie does a fail job at hiding the films heavy reliance on the gimmick . A lot of shots show the camera being held by telekinesis and what not . There 's a one scene I actually laughed out loud - it happens before Andrew 's father visits him in the hospital , and the security guard tells him `` the camera has to stay on '' . At that part , it was clear the movie lives and breathes the gimmick.It 's a shame because the acting for the most part is well done . Dane DeHaan is exceptional in the role and he captures the essence of a poor teenager being driven to insanity and embracing his dark side . His performance really chilling - it 's like a high school shooting , almost like you 're inn he mind of the disturbed killer . Russell is great too as his cousin although at the end it 's too he just wants Andrew off his freaking lawn . Steve is a decent actor as well.So what went wrong ? What happened where i found the movie to be ... Well , boring ? Was I even supposed to care ? Either way , this was one big headache of a movie and I certainly would n't be recommending it any time soon .
 I found this to be in the `` pay me to watch it '' list . The story line seemed good , and I thought this would be worth watching . I was VERY wrong . I should have waited for it to be on the Prime list , and watched it for free . Even if it takes 10 years to get there , your not missing anything . The movie was choppy -LRB- bad editing , not connection speed -RRB- , several parts were even in the `` very bad editing '' catagory . It 's hard to tell if ther cast could n't pull of the characters , or if it was just that badly written . After watching the movie , I understand why the 3 main characters had nose bleeds , it must have been that bad of a head ache to be in this movie . There was verly little to no explanation on the source of their powers , and even less on character back story . This film 's best qualities were the special effects , and those were only fair at best.I ca n't recommend this movie to anyone for any reason . Even though I rented this movie , I think a refund should be in order for anyone who has seen it .
 While intellectually I understand the rationale and realism provided by a single camera replicating an individual , in most movies it only detracts from the creation of a complete mental picture . The details that are not provided by the director are what is typically filled in by the viewer 's brain , allowing them to lose themselves in the movie . The story took time to progress anywhere , the whole time leaving the poor viewer to only fixate on why the camera was on the ground , out of focus , or the constant topic of dialogue.While an interesting viewpoint , the artifice for introducing the camera was apparent . In addition , the omnipresence of the camera in any individuals life was baffling . The concept for a good story was destroyed through the lack of perspective .
 A great idea for a movie , getting special powers from the alien source and some pretty good graphics , but the thing of making it look like someone was filming it with their ccamera was very very bad . disjointed , etc. .
 A big buildup only to be abruptly cut off by the wuss of the movie . A test without the giver of the test coming back to grade us .
 Bought this movie because of good reviews and ratings . Watched it twice and still found it to be very trite with a story line whose conclusion was obvious from about 30 minutes into the film . I know I 'm in the minority but , in my humble opinion , the movie was only worth one star . Save your money .
 The characters are n't very interesting and the home video angle on the movie gets old pretty fast . I could n't even make it through the first half hour . A bit like a slower version of the Blair Witch project .
 The trailer to this movie was misleading . The best part of this movie was the beginning and the end everything in between was terrible .
 `` Chronicle '' is a frustrating film to review.I know the filmmakers were trying something new with the comic \ superhero film genre , but the found-footage \ hand-held camera work , actually , hurts the film . It 's annoying to watch , especially , with the quick-cut editing.One of the major problems is that found-footage films barely have well-developed characters and tell awkward , rushed plots . The structure is definitely , not normal film structure.The first half of the film , while showing some nice special effects , is a total bore and a mess . Too many shots and short scenes of the teens playing around with their powers , for example.It 's not until the second-half of the film , that the viewer is finally given a `` plot '' and a developed character -LRB- although , not well-rounded -RRB- , in the form of a cliched protagonist-turned-antagonist . However , this was certainly , the best part of the film , including the rather action-packed 10 min ending.The film had potential to be something original and fresh , but the found-footage aspect is what ruins the experience , as well as the lack of a compelling story.It wouldve been interesting if the hole in the ground and it 's origins were explored more , as well as developing the antagonist plot , much earlier.Another problem is that all the characters seem to be capable of having the same powers and of course , one of them takes their power to the extreme and become the villian of three . The fact they all share the same powers , means there 's no chance to create characters with distinctive superpowers -LRB- this is no `` Fantastic Three '' -RRB- . For comicbook fans and sci-fi films , `` Chronicle '' is a film with ideas that barely add-up to anything great . Some good action \ special effects sequences , overshadowed by the lack of a compelling story and interesting characters.If the filmmakers ditched the found-footage concept and put more effort into the script \ story , `` Chronicle '' couldve been something new in a sea of established comicbook films .
 This movie is a -LRB- deliberate ? -RRB- mockery of young superhero coming-of-age stories . The typical formula revolves around virtuous young social misfits who use their newfound powers secretly to help others . These three directionless Gen-Xers are just out for a good time , with predictably disastrous consequences . The `` found footage '' camera work is infuriating - jerking constantly , like Blair Witch and Cloverfield - and the ending fizzles unconvincingly . The actors try hard , and the SFX are good , but meaningful subplots are neglected , the plot and dialogue are unconvincing , and I reject the apparent message that people only try to do the right thing as a last resort .
 This is an entertaining movie for the teenage crowd but there is nothing special about this movie . This item appeared in my &#34; review your purchases &#34; and I had no idea what it was . I had to go back and read the description to even remember what the movie was about . Yes it was that forgettable .
 I see why the movie wasnt out in the theaters long . it was boring and also there was no explination on the powers and what caused them this . it put me to sleep , very boring
 All I seek is middle of the road entertainment , but this was subpar , boring and contrived . I 'm only grateful that it was n't peppered with over exaggerated , gratuitous teenage sex and raunch.Chronicle
 I watched this movie and forgot I ordered a second dvd , I did n't like it , and I 'm one of those people who never complain , I 'm just not impressed with it ? ... sorry
 terrible movie . It made no sense whatsoever . I hated that I paid $ 3.00 to rent it . Boo on amazon . There was no plot and nothing contiguous about the story line . In a word
 I absolutely hated this movie . It started out pretty decent for a `` mockumentary '' type film but ended horribly with the main character being a psychopath !
 Please dont waste your money in this movie , its boring and bad actors , they should burn the negative in this one .
 Dumb premise of some sinkhole easily accessible to anyone which just happens to have a mysterious colored light and large fake plastic quartz like gem that gives superman like powers to whomever is exposed . Cheap storyline . Lots of bad acting and equally bad hand held camera bouncing around as a first person journaling of the transformation of three teens as they discover how power enhances whatever mental state they started with . Good , bad or indifferent . A heavy reliance on 37 songs and CGI to keep from falling asleep.The science and intelligence shown could only have come from writers who flunked their middle school science courses . Wo n't even try to bring up high school anything .
 hate hand held type recorded movies . that just ruins any chance of a good movie.first half was just showing peoples faces . really!last part was ok .
 Chronicle -LRB- released Feb/12 -RRB- stars Dane DeHaan as Andrew Detmer , Michael B. Jordan as Steve Montgomery , Alex Russell as Matt Garetty , Michael Kelly as Richard Detmer , Ashley Hinshaw as Casey Letter and others.This is yet another Blair Witch Project , this time done through the eyes of three Seattle high school students . `` Done '' is the operative word here , as in done this genre right into the ground and done terribly poorly.The film finds Andrew as the school loner.He has a dying mother and an abusive , alcoholic father.Andrew decides to start taking a camera along wherever he goes -LRB- quite convenient -RRB- , and during a party his cousin Matt and his friend Steve take a walk in the nearby woods , and discover a strange hole.Steve gets Andrew to come and film it.In the hole they all go and they come upon a strange crystalline structure at the end of the tunnel.Whatever it is emanates different lights and strange sounds , and when they leave the tunnel their lives slowly start to change.They start to discover they have the powers of psycho-kinesis . Andrew develops it faster and stronger than the others.Whenever something untoward happens to one the others gets nose bleeds.There is a definite symbiosis going on here.At first they start out doing harmless lifting of various objects big and small.As their powers grow they have the ability to literally fly into the air and travel great distances.Andrew however is slowly but surely withdrawing from the others , his home life situation not helping any.After a confrontation with his father , he flies into the clouds and Steve comes to talk to him.It all ends as Andrew pushes Steve away so hard , he falls to earth and dies.Andrews mother grows weaker everyday and when Andrew has no money to pay for his mothers pills he starts robbing his school mates , then a mini-mart . However during the latter a propane tank explodes sending Andrew to the hospital.As his father sits by his bed he reveals Andrew 's mother passed away that night.But because he was out looking for him he blames Andrew for him not being able to be there for his wife.As he stands over Andrew demanding an apology , Andrew causes a huge explosion to rip the wall out of the hospital room.This draws the attention of the police and the media.Matt is getting a nose bleed and knows something is wrong.He sees the kerfuffle on TV and speeds to the scene.He is just in time to save Andrews father who is thrown to the ground by a hovering and very angry Andrew.Matt and Andrew have a huge showdown over Seattle and it all comes to a disastrous end when Matt is forced to kill Andrew.The film ends as we find Matt in Tibet.Andrew had said earlier on in the film that they should travel there and they all agreed , except they never made it.This is Matt 's way of fulfilling the promise.If I have to sit through another of these cheaply made , Blair Witch like films , I do n't know ... burning the disc is too good.The only positives I can say is that it is a kind of a neat idea , on paper , and the special effects were well done.Other than that this wanna-be life like picture is a total washout.As life-like as these films try to be , they really are far off the mark.For instance Andrews father belts him across the face and knocks him off his chair.He comes back up with a grimace but nothing else.Reality ? ... he should have been crying.But hey , this is Hollywood and REAL reality is a no-no . Just pretend reality.And the moral of the story , that man is not meant to have these powers?Yeah , yeah ... they did it better in Star Trek , and long before that.Technically speaking the film is in its w/s a/r of 1:85:1 and extras include pre-viz stuff & a camera test.All in all another Blair Witch rip off , and done very poorly and uninterestingly at that.The moral is as old as the hills and just as lame.Highly NOT recommended .
 Not sure how this made it into the theaters . May possibly be the worst movie I have ever seen.I guess an 8 year old might enjoy it . Glad I got it from the library , ca n't imagine spending money onsomething like this .
 I found chronicle to be rather dumb , the whole thing focused on three HS students one documenting everything on his camera . It 's centered around ppl 's fascination w / having super powers especially the ability to fly . I thought it was rather predictable b/c you knew something bad was gon na happen at some point to these 3 punks , and the wimpy kid would use his mighty powers against his abusive father ... the one kid becoming obsessed reminded me of the movie Christine , the video camera Cloverfield , flying thru the air Hancock , and of course the stopping bullets in the air was ripped from the Matrix . There was zero explanation of where their powers came from or a better explanation of why their noses kept bleeding . How did the one -LRB- most powerful -RRB- kid die ... when in the diner they tried to stab other dude 's hand and it bent the fork and they were crashing thru buildings and such ? A very short film , less than an hour & half . Would n't recommend
 I despise movies that are supposedly made from a discoverd video -LRB- i.e. Cloverfield -RRB- . This movie is n't even consistent in this aspect because obviously they could not film themselves during the climatic battle . Also , how would the footage shot at the end in Tibet ever have been found by the people who found the first part of the video in the U. S. ? Save your money !!!
 maybe I 'm just biased , but enough with the home movie cinematography . shaky , unprofessional , and really ... who carries their video camera every where . I think there was a total of 5 minutes of footage not done through someones cell phone , video camera or other.Horrible acting as well . was this just a first draft ? I hope so .
 The plot looks great , but the sound was so poor we stopped after 10 minutes because we could n't understand it.The pictures quality was n't great either -- too bad ! we wanted to watch it !
 I found this movie to be odd and depressing . There was no redeeming message , no moral of the story , and no happy ending . The acting was pretty good , and there were some pretty funny parts of it . But , it just leaves you with a sour feeling at the end .
 No disrespect to the cast -LRB- I love Steve Carell and Keira Knightley -RRB- , but this movie was incredibly humdrum , from the cinematography to the concept as a whole . And despite the attempts of other philosophical reviewers , Seeking A Friend For The End of The World is not a &#34; deep indie film &#34; . As an audience , we want to connect and empathize with the characters , relate to their story , empathize their pain and celebrate their successes . This is not that kind of movie.As far as direction and cinematography goes , Seeking A Friend does not at all feel like a world becoming depraved by its inevitable , looming destruction . Steve Carell 's character , Dodge , does not successfully portray a victimized last-second loner , and Kiera Knightley 's character , Penny , does not at all successfully portray a carefree , unsuspecting match for Dodge . The audience can see the director 's intention from beginning to end with no surprises.As a regular movie-goer , I 'm not that difficult to please , but I wanted my money back from Amazon for the rental once this movie was finished . Not a fan .
 I had wanted to watch this movie since I first heard about it and finally did . Now I wish I had n't . It was much better in my mind . It had everything going for it for a great movie . I always like seeing how people deal with their own demise and this was on a world scale . The plot just was n't there . It kept jumping from cameo to cameo and the characters made horrible decisions . By the end of this movie I was rooting for the asteroid . Do yourself a favor and do n't watch this and go read The last policeman . Much better story dealing with the same premise .
 Too much unnecessary foul language . Could get past the first twenty minutes . If you like watching boring movies then this is the one for you
 Do n't remember anything about the movie . Not a one I can recall any scene or line . There are some funny lines , but not anything I 'd use at work .
 This is one of those movies that should be funny but never is . Its tough to recall a single joke from the film and be sure that I never laughed.The plot jumps to lots of seemingly needless venues . The pairing of the two main characters is weak.I hate picking up a film titled comedy and at the end you just want to kill yourself . This movie is overly dark for no reason.Watch the movie at high speed and maybe it 'll get funnier .
 I really wanted to like this movie . I like Steve Carell and Kiera Knightley and I thought it was going to be a romantic comedy.Dodge -LRB- Steve Carell -RRB- has been living a mundane life until an asteroid is predicted to destroy the earth in two weeks . In the first scene , his wife leaves him because their marriage was n't working anyway . He goes to work because he does n't know what else to do.Some people are trying to get in everything they ever wanted to do during their lifetime while others are committing suicide . His friends are having End-of-the-World parties and want to hook him up with someone to spend his last days with.When rioting begins , Dodge and a neighbor he 's just met leave the city and begin a road trip . He wants to find his high school love . Penny 's -LRB- Kiera Knightley -RRB- family is in England so she goes along since she has no one else.Over all there was n't much humor , but there was romance which was nice . Still the movie can only be described as a downer .
 On the surface the premise sounds interesting and possibly funny . However , the movie is neither . It limps along disjointedly with very little humor and even less use the &#34; End of the World &#34; premise . We rented it because we usually find Steve Carell to be enteraining - not in this case . Do n't waste your time .
 I love Steve Carell , which is why we rented this movie . We expected a comedy -LRB- and for some reason , some reviewers refer to this as a comedy -RRB- , but I did n't find it comedic in the least bit . It was very slow moving , dull , depressing , and after about 50 minutes , I could n't take it anymore and we turned it off . I honestly do n't know how some reviewers found things to laugh at in the movie . If you 're looking for a comedy like `` Date Night '' or a movie that makes you truly laugh , you 'll be severely disappointed . If you 're looking for a dry film that critics love and that gets nominated for awards , perhaps you 'll like it .
 This movie is not funny . I 'm done with Steve Carrel . He was good in The Office and Forty Year-Old Virgin and since then has made nothing but garbage . Please stop . I do n't know if it 's the writers or him , but just stop .
 Very dark and not funny at all . The movie was predictable . Chemistry between Steve carrell and keira Knightly was non existent .
 Kind of dragged on . Always have high hopes for a steve Carel movie and this did n't reach them . Kept waiting for movie to go somewhere
 very boring movie , lot of talking not enough action . it isnt funny at all . it more of a love movie than a commedy
 This is just a bad script directed by a director who probably should never be given another chance to direct a film . Horrid . Steve Carell 's portrayal of his character was listless . For someone who can be so funny I was surprised that he played his character in such a bland way that , as a viewer , I could n't form any opinion or emotion about him other than boredom.Poor Keira Knightley . She was actually quite good , the only good part of the film . I felt sorry for her having part of her legacy attached to this misadventure.I was also peeved that the trailer suggests that the film is laced with humor . Extremely misleading . Nothing could be further from the truth .
 Half way through I turned movie off in disgust.The world is ending and in this movie people have random sex with everyone.No one seeking the GOD of the universe for help or answers . No hope , only debauchery.Too bad.Waste of time .
 THE MOVIE HAS ITS HIGH POINTS AND ITS FUNNY POINTS , BUT ITS ULTIMATELY A CHEESY LOVE STORY . I WOULD ADVISE YOU TO SPEND YOUR 3.99 ON SOMETHING ELSE , I WAS NOT EXPECTING THE GREATEST MOVIE IN THE WORLD , BUT THE STORY FOR THIS MOVIE IS JUST TERRIBLE .
 This is definitely not a comedy.Don ' t be fooled by the actors who star in it - you 'll wish you had those two hours back .
 It was really not that funny . I have like everything Steve Carrell does , but this was so bad . I wish I had not rented it .
 I thought I would love it , but was bored . I was hoping for a wonderful teary final , but everybody just died . Period . Do n't bother .
 Not a comedy , not a love story , not a drama , not worth watching . Sorry I wasted an hour and a half my remaining time on this earth on this .
 Its not great . It was very predictable . Not very funny . Wasnt very entertaining and didnt hold my attention . It was hard to finish watching .
 I PERSONALLY DID NOT LIKE THIS MOVIE THE TRAILER LEAD ME TO BELIEVE IT WAS GOING TO BE FUNNYBUT IT WAS A VERY SOMBER AND SAD MOVIE ????
 If this movie was any slower , it would have been running in reverse!The story started coming together in the last five minutes and then ended.Watch only if you are terribly bored !
 Did not enjoy this one at all ! I ordered the movie to watch with a neighbor and she complained throughout the entire movie !
 The premise had promise , the actors have talent , and the critics were upbeat . But boy , did this movie fall flat on its face . It 's not a drama , because there was never any . It 's not a comedy , because nothing funny ever happened . It was just a boring waste of a couple of hours of your time and the talents of some very good actors . Mostly , I blame the story . It was a meandering trail to nowhere , full of implausible twists , unnecessary holes , and side plots that lead to dead ends . Unlike many other Steve Carrell vehicles , it was not particularly charming or quirky , and it lacked the depth and realism that lends other similar movies a likable quality . The only possible explanation I can come up with is that the filmmaker is trying to use her medium to make a point about the human condition
 This is what happens when Steve Carell tries to do smart comedy . It plays very flat , plot was boring . Keira Knightly came off as a twit .
 Very slow and boring - thought it would be a little funny because Steve Carell was in it , it was n't .
 The beauty of a movie like `` Seeking A Friend For The End Of The World '' is that it can go in so many different directions . It could be a high drama , a comedy , an adventure romp , or any number of different scenarios . What is required , however , is a little bit of focus to make sure that the right area -LRB- or blend of areas -RRB- is present in order to make sure that the characters and setting do not get `` lost in the shuffle '' . Unfortunately , `` Seeking '' lacks such focus.For a basic plot summary , this movie is set in a future American where the world is going to inevitably be destroyed by a very large meteor . After being dumped by his wife after hearing the news , Dodge -LRB- Steve Carell -RRB- is lost in life and decides to go visit his `` first love '' that got away . Before he can do so , however , he meets Penny -LRB- Keira Knightley -RRB- , who throws a major kink -LRB- for better or worse -RRB- in his plans as the clock continues ticking towards doomsday.While `` Seeking '' has great potential to be a solid film , it ends up failing because of its complete lack of focus . Director Lorene Scafaria does n't seem to know what kind of movie she wants to make here , and as a result any potential `` good stuff '' is lost in the shuffle . For example...-The `` elephant in the room '' -LRB- the end of the world -RRB- is n't taken all that seriously and works better as a comedic bit than anything substantial in terms of drama.-It could work as a comedy , but Carell is given such conflicting material that his character comes off as a mix of boorish and pathetic -LRB- e.g. nothing all that funny -RRB- . - The movie could have even worked strictly as a character drama , if not for the total unbelievability of the Carell/Knightley pairing and the fact that the first half -LRB- if not two-thirds -RRB- of the picture fritters away any chance of meaningful character development.Basically , `` Seeking '' is the kind of movie you get when you try to be too `` artsy '' and do n't solidify your focus . The casting choice of Knightley -LRB- queen of the `` artsy '' movies -RRB- only solidifies this line of thinking . If you are looking for anything near Carell 's earlier `` Crazy Stupid Love '' in terms of a mesh of comedy/drama/emotion , you wo n't find it here .
 Unfortunately , this is a bad end of the world movie . It fails to offer any insight in exchange for apocalypse . I 've had more meaningful adventures inspired by a late-night hankering for Chinese food .
 This film is an exercise in self-indulgent conceit , to be purposely redundant.Beyond the film 's makers , and the their fans , there is no excuse for such anunbelievable presentation as either entertainment or some philosophicalexercise about what any of us -LRB- audience identification/catharsis , etc -RRB- mightdo or wish for in such a circumstance -- the end is upon us!The events were by the numbers and consistently bordered on the unbelievable.Beyond the fact the actors were real human beings , everything else was toocontrived , too pat , too conceited and too long -- go already .
 Do n't waste your time . I kept thinking that someone was playing a joke on me . This movie is zero stars on a scale of one to five .
 Just rented this movie and watched with my husband . Not what we were expecting . The beginning of the movie is useless . The drug use and references really did n't add anything to the movie and at times were plain stupid . The directing and writing was n't terrible but the story could have started in the middle . I would n't pay to watch this movie any time soon .
 As if the title was n't a clue about the eventual ending of this movie , this depressing theme carried through till the end . There were some mildly funny parts to the movie but mostly a dark themed depressing movie .
 If I could give no stars or less I would for this movie . DO N'T be fooled by the trailer or characters . This movie is AWFUL !! I just lost 75 min of my life that I will never be able to use . I feel that I should get some reward for enduring this torture . This movie could have been 30 minutes less and it might have had a chance . The first 30 minutes are good , but you can shut it off after that . Go for a walk or something . You 'll be glad you did.But seriously , do n't watch it .
 I saw this movie in the theatre and I was very tempted to walk out because it was so awfully directed , acted , and written . There is absolutely no chemistry between any of the actors . And Kiera Knightly 's exaggerated expressions which she must think is appropriate for comedy makes me cringe . When I saw that this movie is offered on prime for free , I thought it my civic duty to warn anyone from wasting any time on this dreadful movie . If I could go back in time , I would unlatch this movie .
 How is it 4 stars with 52 reviews ?? This was not good . Incredibly cheesy and not great acting . Waste of $ $ .
 The film is essentially a dud . Yeah , I did sit through it , without too much suffering -LRB- thus a two star rating rather than one star -RRB- , but as soon as it was over , I realized that it would have been more interesting for me to sit in the cinema lobby and simply watch random patrons walking by for 90 minutes . I really mean it . Fans of the cast apparently enjoy this film , but the characters repeatedly left me cold . The script raises few questions and therefore answers few questions . The film portrays all of human existence as almost entirely pointless , and the one exception was entirely predictable from the first half hour of the film . The ending merely told audiences what most of them already knew anyway . In fact , the message is essentially the same -LRB- and no deeper -RRB- than that given by thousands of love songs . So in the end , my reaction is
 I thought the whole premese of the movie was depressing . Knowing that the world was ending in less than two weeks gave me anxiety while watching it . Just did n't like it .
 Terrible movie turned it off after only about 10 minutes , would not recommend this movie . I rate this zero stars i would give it a minus if it would let me . The rating about i had to put one star , but it is not .
 This movie was really slow and not funny at all from what the preview shown . I would n't recommend to any one .
 I expected a movie with this star -LRB- and described as a comedy -RRB- to actually be funny . I think there was one spot -LRB- now forgotten -RRB- in which I chuckled , but I kept waiting for something worthwhile to happen , and it never did . Not a good use of the time .
 Lame movie , was n't funny . We did n't thinkthis movie was very funny at all . It did n't seem to have much plot either
 Presented as a comedy , when it was a feel-bad comedy . The end of the world would have been welcome about half way through this mess . The ending made me feel about 100 years older .
 This movie is terribly boring . For a movie that claims to be a `` romantic comedy , '' it is not really that romantic or funny . I do n't really care for any of the characters in the film . The story almost feels like one of the worst home videos that just never ends . Endless dialogue , no action , nothing interesting ever happens . I was thinking throughout the film , `` Would n't it be wonderful if we get to the end of the movie already ? ''
 Did not like It . A good plot but boring in some areas with a bad ending . Not worth the money .
 The film itself is what this review is based on . I gave it two stars because I expected a better film out of Steve C. and Knightly . They are very good actors and most things that they are in is pretty good . Was expecting more of a comedy and this was not . The Amazon Instant was of high quality and the ratings are not based on that service .
 had a lot of potential but was not very good unfortunately . the trailer was very good but the movie did n't live up to it
 The movie would n't load on kindle fire , so I never got to see the movie . Waste of about four dollars .
 I expected better from Steve , this was sorely disappointing . Avoid this movie and watch one of his better ones pronto !
 This should n't be categorized as a comedy . It is too dark . Maybe a dramedy ? It seems the trailers are becoming more and more deceiving and you ca n't be certain what you will be watching . I thought the acting was fine but the content was not uplifting . I like to laugh or at least be amused when I see a comedy not depressed afterwards .
 This is a slow depressing movie . Steve Carell and Keira Knightley do n't work well toghther . I kept hoping it would pick up but it never did .
 Very hard to get through the first 45 minutes or so . In the middle , I had hope for a cohesive story . By the end , I was inexplicabley touched by the main characters . Pretty certain the whole thing was written by a clinical depressive with a nihilist outlook.Personally , the only time I can recommend a movie this depressing and hopeless -LRB- and really , not funny -RRB- , is when it informs or encourages the kind of reflection that may lead to change -LRB- i.e. , Schindler 's List -RRB- .
 I was looking for a lighthearted , above average rom com . In Seeking a Friend the basic plot -LRB- the world is ending in 3 weeks , let 's do the things we never got around to -RRB- should be fairly easy to build into a good story . Instead , there are completely illogical , poorly contrived plot angles that are poorly acted . The poor story and dialogue and unconvincing nature of these plot angles were so extreme that I could n't not ignore them . They were too bad , even for a film for which my expectations are not high .
 The trailers held the most interesting parts of the movie.Just weak . Some parts were funny like the restaurant scene and the party - Drugs anyone ?
 We were glad we did n't see this in the theatre because we would n't have been able to fast forward . We expected it to be smart and funny , but we were bored to sleep . Disappointing !
 I enjoy all movies this one was just ok . Not much to say about this attempt I like the ending : -RRB-
 Someone must have gotten a big payday to do this snoozer . My wife could n't even finish watching it while I kept waiting for something to happen that was interesting to sneak up . Did n't make it to the end .
 I settled in to what I assumed - considering the actors - would be a clever , imaginative , funny movie about the impending apocalypse . And it was , in small vignettes and occasional lines . But there were boring and sappy ones in equal measure . We had to keep getting up to turn down the music - especially during closing histrionics - but I guess that 's a matter of taste . I wish we 'd seen more of the dog , who had the best role . As I said to my friend -LRB- sought out for an end of the day movie -RRB- , `` Hey , I 'm really sorry about that one ... ''
 The trailer for this movie made it look rather interesting , and potentially pretty funny . For the most part , most of what was interesting or funny in the movie can be experienced by merely watching the trailer.Steve Carrell comes across as extremely creepy , as he does in most movies when he 's not being overtly funny.Plot holes galore . Truthfully I looked my wife in the eyes after this one and said , &#34; it 's bad when i 'm regretting that i did n't let you rent magic mike instead . &#34;
 Total yawn , nothing happens in this movie that was n't obviously going to within the first five minutes . Steve Carell should have stuck wih The Office and should stop making terrible movies .
 `` Seeking a Friend '' is the movie we all should want to see , given what 's happening in the world around us . It 's not hard to imagine that we 're facing one horror or another - in fact , too often , we are not * imagining * it - and you have a sense that this movie will be about finding love in the face of death . One of the great themes and problems of our existence . The Dramatic Question of so much of what haunts us mortals . `` Seeking a Friend '' wants to answer that Question.And it does . But the problem is , by the end of the movie , who really cares ? You want to care . Who does n't like Carell and Knightly ? But they are uninteresting in this movie , and they just ca n't sustain the weight of The End of All Life on the Planet.Where to start ... 1 -RRB- The script is silly . Childish , really . Not `` innocent '' , which would be a great counterpoint to imminent death , but immature . Characters come and go without any purpose . Penny 's -LRB- Keira Knightly -RRB- boyfriend ? A whiny splinter without any substance . Corporal Speck the Survivor ? `` Penny deserves a chance to be the mother of a new race ... '' or something like that . Really ? You want us to believe that this elf-girl is a `` survivor '' because she 's ... what ? She has an LP collection ? And Speck has a collection of high efficiency , 2-person cars ? A retired Marine corporal ... right ... with enough titanium blocks to build a shelter for a bunch of his bro 's . . sure . The effeminate maitre d' says nothing important . The wait staff comes out of the Land of the Lotus Eaters at a roadside Chili 's . Frank -LRB- Martin Sheehan -RRB- , the estranged father who walked out on Carell years in the past , is going to fly Penny to England in a Piper Cub ? -LRB- I 'm not too good with single-engine planes -RRB- . The speeches are vacuous , the characters trite , the settings unrealistic -LRB- does * everybody * have a single-family house in perfect condition , typically with a high end gas stove for professional chefs ? -RRB- , the backdrop of changes in ` the real world ' laughable . -LRB- It 's good to know that there will be water and electricity until the day before we all perish -RRB- . OK ... I can suspend my disbelief as well as the next person . But do n't establish a context of `` the end of the world by fiery death '' - which prepares me for one way of looking at the rest of the movie - and then leave folks in their humdrum existence . Oh , right , the dental hygienist injecting somebody with heroin at the sister 's party is supposed to be the metaphor . Nope .2 -RRB- Steve Carell has a problem . He is becoming typecast as an ineffectual , guilt-ridden , observer of his own life . He does n't just have a past . He is a prisoner of his past . He wo n't confront it , just like he wo n't confront `` Olivia , the love of my life '' , in this movie . -LRB- He does write her a letter , he says , after wasting precious days seeking her out ; he avoids meaningful life once again . -RRB- Yes , we are all products of our experiences . But poor Steve -LRB- the character Dodge -RRB- is blind to himself . Yes ... the name `` dodge '' works -LRB- he dodges life , he dodges Olivia , his life is a subterfuge , whatever -RRB- , but it is not just his name - after all , he might change and really grow up . Carell 's constant character is the pit he always tries to climb out of . Carell does this in a lot of his work . He does n't * mutter * to himself , which at least would show some anger and a profound battle to win the treasure of his own life . He damn well * murmurs . '' He is always carrying on a conversation with a not very likable twin , a critical dark self beating the stuffing out of him . Now , I think Carell is a talented guy . I actually think he would be a great villain in a spy flick
 This movie has a lot of moments where it left me asking &#34; what the ... ? &#34; due to gaps in the story line . The ending was predictable and I just found myself wanting more from the movie . There some underutilized actors in this movie which added to the frustration from watching this movie .
 We were extremely bummed , as we could not finish the movie ! We had a message pop up from Amazon , that said it was unable to play our movie after we were about 45 minutes into it . : - -LRB-
 While the cast and the concept had potential , it was n't funny or dramatic ... just boring . Many plot elements were contrived , and the protagonists just did n't have any connection/chemistry .
 What a horribly boring movie , and huge let down ! Now I know why I do n't care for Steve Carell , and I thought I 'd give him the benefit of the doubt !
 This was maybe the worst movie I have ever seen . I like Steve Corell but he could never save a movie this poorly constructed . Many others in the cast are often good in other movies but not this one !
 Tedious . I was rooting for the asteroid to hurry up . Not particularly funny or watchable . Steve has become very hit or miss in his movies .
 Title was nothing about friendship , unless you are interested in sex , death , and meaningless dialog . Do n't waste your time with this flick .
 This film has been mis-characterized . It is not a comedy . It shows the fairly mundane wanderings of two lost souls as the world is about to end . The funny parts were off-putting and not actually funny . My wife and I were 30 minutes into it before we finally laughed at something . I endured to the end , but I 've seen this story before . Two unlikely souls find each other and find meaning . I was n't convinced . I found myself rooting for the world to end so that I could see what the writers had in mind and how it would look . The rest of the movie was boring and not very funny . I do n't know what other movie to recommend in its place . I just was expecting more from Steve Carrell . Oh and yes , everyone dies at the end .
 Who would spend their last days on earth in dull conversation about the stupid details of their lives ? I expected so much more from this movie . I stuck through it by sheer optimism , hoping it would turn around , but Rob Corddry 's three or four lines in the first scenes were as good as it got . I have sworn myself off popular indie films and Steve Carell for at least a year .
 I only rented this because so many reviews said it was funny . My husband and I had maybe to moments where we kind of laughed . Other than that , this is a very serious movie and very depressing .
 Expected more with Steve Carell in it . Watching it once was enough for me . Sorry I did not wait for it to be free .
 Unrealistic love affair : - / Did not believe any of it . Fake movie . I prefer Steven in comedic roles . He creeped me out here .
 This movie could not figure out whether it wanted to be a comedy or a romance . By trying to be a romantic comedy , something was lost in the middle . Light on laughs and too heavy on the emotional angles
 I like Steve Carell and Knightly is okay . But they have no chemistry together . The best part of the movie ? The trailer .
 Good beginning , nice ending but an awful middle of the picture . Not worth wasting time to watch it . I should have known that anything with Steve Carell in could not be any good .
 This movie is bad . When it was over , my husband literally yelled out Bad ! Twice.First , the casting was horrible and set the movie up to fail . Carrell is 50 , Knightly is 27 ... watching them together was completely unbelievable . No chemistry at all . On top of that , the acting was too much to swallow and we never believed the characters . The whole time it just felt off.I read the bad reviews and thought that maybe we 'd see something in it that others did n't , but no ... this movie earned the bad reviews.If you insist on watching it anyway like we did , get it from the library but I would n't waste money on it . You 'll already likely feel you wasted your time on it when it 's over .
 It left me depressed . No heroes , no true love , not much of a story line except &#34; The sky is falling . &#34;
 This movie was just terrible . The premise was stupid , the acting sophomoric , the plot idiotic , there was no chemistry , it alternated between scary and `` funny '' and stupid and ended with the extermination of earth . Yeah , this was great . Oh , and I 'm from the part of the country it was supposed to be set in , and it looked nothing like here . Was it shot in San Bernadino ? It was a piece of crap and I did n't care what happened to any of them . The only good thing about this movie was the impossibility of a sequel -LRB- with the obliteration of earth -RRB- . At least I hope ...
 Sort of like a first walk through of a movie idea that someone now needs to go write , take out some scenes and make work .
 Do you feel you don &#8217; t have enough depression in your life?Well &#8230; . . this movie will get you plenty depressed.There is no reason I can think of -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- to make just a movie.Nothing , in the end come out good . Steve Carell &#8217; s character drags down the movie with a life so sad that when he finally meets someone to love , it 's taken away by the end of the world . Yes ... the world really does come to an end.It &#8217; s sad from beginning to end.Please ! Do not watch this movie .
 If you want to slow it down and enjoy a pensive , slow-moving , almost depressing plot that tries to impart quirky life lessons then this is a good movie for you . Do not expect any real comedy .
 I did n't like it . I 'm surprised that they -LSB- the producers -RSB- were able to get as many credable actors as they did . The plot was non-existant . I would n't recommend this to anyone with more than 1/2 a brain cell .
 I thought Steve Carell would lead the movie towards the funny side , and Keira Knightley would keep it centered and interesting , making a good pair . I was sadly disappointed ! They have no chemistry , the movie ends terribly and it was slow and depressing.As much as I care for these two actors , I would advise you to save your money and do n't buy it , I did , let me be the one with the bad choice .
 This movie did not flow at all . The beginning was horribly contrived with the end of the world stuff , and Dodge -LRB- who names they 're kid that -RRB- as an insurance sales man hating his life and job . It got a little better as it got into the journey phase , but still clunky . The end was ok .
 I thought that the premise of this movie sounded interesting so I gave it a try . I was watching it with a friend and we both were enjoying it at the beginning . It was funny and thought provoking . However , towards the end it got very boring a drawn out . I was kind of disappointed with this movie .
 A depressing movie , considering it was supposed to be a comedy . Acting was good , but overall very dark and depressing .
 Very unusual for Steve Carell . A waste of money . Do not rent this movie just wait until it comes out for free and there is nothing better showing on TV .
 Clever ? Heartwarming ? Positive ? Excellent acting , love the actors , but this is one of the bleakest , most depressing movies I 've ever seen . Humans with no hope , at their worst . If you think it gets better at the end , it does n't .
 I am a very big Steve Carell fan . This movie was depressing and disappointing . Do n't waste your time or money .
 If you are suffering from insomnia . RENT THIS MOVIE . Good story line but , no excitement , some funny parts and a cute dog . Steve Carrell was lack-luster at best and Kira Knightly made more weird faces than good acting .
 Interesting plot , but the movie just never got going . Dissappointing , not even a good &#34; chick flick &#34; . So many opportunities for comedy that never were exploited . Another example of the studios putting two known actors in an movie and expecting the public to see the movie , even though there is no substance . Absolute waste of time .
 Kept waiting for the good part and it never came . Chemistry between the two main characters just was n't there . You would think that for a movie with such a novel premise , the writers could have come up with better subplots or scenarios exploring what could happen at the end of the world . But no . The plot was light , silly , and in no way compelling . Expected so much from a Steve Carrell vehicle .
 Terrible story lineSteve carrel and kiera knightly ? uhhhh , ok . Just a terrible movie and not worth it . Not very funny as previews suggest and just plain dull .
 What could have been a smart black comedy turns into an attempt to prove that Steve Carell can do misty-eyed melodrama . He ca n't . This movie actually turns the end of the world boring .
 kinda ok at times , not worth it overall . Just kinda `` meh '' . Not funny enough , did n't really care what happened to the characters .
 I 'm a big Steve Carell fan . Loved him in the Office , Dan in Real Life , but this not so much . Did n't connect to the character , was n't very funny and I thought that Keira Knightley was just bad . Not worth the time .
 I was disappointed . Expected a little more comedy with Steve Carrell being the star in this movie . Wo n't watch again .
 I heard great things about this movie , but was disappointed that it did n't deliver on the comedy or drama aspects of it . Kiera Knightley is not a good actor and in this movie it looked like she was trying too hard on the comedy bits and it resulted in some over-the-top acting moments . Steve Carrel plays his usual self . I did n't buy the romantic angle of it , and so the ending was n't as heartfelt and affective for me as it should have been . The movie just did n't deliver on any level .
 So I thought this might be funny or romantic or have something to say , but it so did n't . The movie starts with a bang . Steve Carrell sitting in his car getting the first reports that efforts to head off an asteroid from destroying the earth have failed . His wife just runs off . Now Steve Carrell goes into his `` I do n't know how to act mode '' and stares slowly at everything and talks slowly at everything . So he goes home and while everyone freaks out , he notices that his neighbor has a fight with her boyfriend . They kind of go on a road trip thanks to riots taking over residential neighborhoods and there is a few strange scenes where , I think , we are supposed to think it funny that people kill themselves rather than waiting to die.Of course Carrell falls for Knightly , but the weird thing is that they had no chemistry . Knightly plays her role like a total silly simpleton who kind of deserves to die and Carrell comes off as feeling anything for her exactly because of that , an escape in the last days of his life . Not at all any true love . Honestly , she is so young you could see it might be like a child replacement because mentally and physically she is much younger than him . But all during this courtship this entire time ... nothing happens . They go to visit his one great love and his dad but it is plodding and there is just no point at all . I kept thinking why ca n't they do this to keep from dying or why ca n't they do this to keep from dying . Why is n't anyone trying to do anything ? Oh yeh I am supposed to be paying attention to the romance.I do n't think it is a secret to say that they did n't chicken out with a happy ending ... and while I was glad of that -- I also thought , what a serious bummer . It did n't work on any level for me . Acting , story , romance , meaning ... etc. .
 this movie was unbearably horrible . it 's poorly thought out and you think it 's building towards something but in the end it 's just as predictable as the rest of it . i 'm embarrassed to say i saw it in theaters .
 Not many laughs and not anything ` special ' . Spouse and I turned it off about mid-way through . With a seemingly plot that is somewhat familiar I expected the usual , but ended up getting much less.Would not rent again .
 I felt like I was sitting through the end of the world while watching this movie . Too slow , forgettable characters and uninspired acting .
 I guess with Steve Carrel in it , I was expecting / hoping for some comedic twist . And , early on , there was some , like the meeting at work , looking to replace suddenly available positions in his company - `` Any one want to be CFO ? '' I kept watching hoping for some kind of miraculous turn around , but nope - Earth is vaporized . And two people that finally found love get to share about three minutes . I found it too sad to call entertainment.One redeeming thing - I did find myself thinking about how lucky I am to be with the ones I love .
 This film was so bad that I never made it to the end . The writing was so nauseating , even though I knew coming into it that it was comedy/satire , I winced and rolled my eyes too many times to count . The writer director took two of my favorite actors and turned them into total dunces . No one says the things this woman writes . Keira Knightly was directed to be yet ANOTHER version of Natalie Portman 's Garden State character , you know , quirky/lovable-even-though - she-doesn ' t feel lovable ... uggg , giant fart noise ... that character was annoying and so was this one . Steve Carell 's talent was squandered and the failed attempt to set the film on the east coast might have been the most distracting element of all ... she had them bury a man 's body in the bakersfield hills for god 's sake ... I only pray that these 2 talented actors were well compensated and that this writer/director never gets a shot at making another screen play again.Do not waste your money .
 If you already have more than two brain cells in operation , then give this one a miss . The humor is only present to add poignancy to the dramatic , much like the gate keeper in Macbeth . But , too often , the humor is botched or spoofed with too much emphasis . For the most part , the movie is designed to make people think , ` how would they go down in the BIG END ? ' Obviously , not a lot of people ponder this , so the movie makes them think the difficult thoughts . As you might expect , such a movie gets mired in its own Plato/Ion conversations or moments , and thus drags . If you are after entertainment , keep looking ; Steve Carell is only here as some tasty fish bait for the gullible and to help make us think that the movie 's humor is humorous . Keira Knightely is here 'cause she had some gambling debts to pay off and needed a side paycheck . If you are here for something that does not entertain you , but rather puts a little juice into your cerebral-battery , have at it , enjoy .
 Do n't borrow with this sad little movie , it 's depressing ! I 'm not sure why this movie was made , spoiler alert - they all die .
 A mashup with no coherence , kept waiting for something to happen , but it did n't . Not even sure the world ended .
 Just not my sense of humor ! Felt it was n't very funny at all , and thought the story line sort of dragged .
 Although I really enjoy both actors , this one did n't do it . Like trying to start a car in the middle of an ice storm filled with honey . Just would n't crank it up
 What a dull dark depressing affair this was . Before the movie is even half over you 'll be rooting for the asteroid . Do n't waste your time .
 Missed the comedy , if there was any . Acting marginal . Plot silly . Need I say more ! Ranks up there with the all time worst movies !
 Watchable ... albeit , barely . Surprising for them both to star and it not be better . The trailer had all the funny scenes .
 Even with the excellent cast , this movie is a flop . Sorry I bought it as a gift for my daughter .
 Slow moving with very few laughs . The music is the only thing that kept it from being a complete failure .
 My wife and I ca n't believe that we watch to whole video , I think that the only reason that we did was to see if the world really did end .
 Wife and I like to watch comedies , and this movie is more sap love story than funny . There are some funny parts but the overall tone is somber . Steve is great as usual but the chemistry is not right with KN as the pair seem too apart in age for the premise of the movie.Best parts were seeing what people do when they know the end of the world is coming .
 SCENE - MAJOR MOVIE STUDIO EXECUTIVE 'S OFFICE - DAY -LRB- A confident Hollywood PRODUCER enters and shakes hands with the EXECUTIVE . -RRB- EXECUTIVE
 Let me start by saying that the only similarity between the Maramduke cartoon and this movie is that the main character is a Great Dane named Maramaduke and his male adult owner is named Phil . After that it 's just another teenager moves to a new town , tries to fit in , acts stupid , loses all friends , then finds true self . Only been done thousands of time . The twist with this movie that it 's a teenage dog instead of a human.Jokes are predictable , acting is mediocre . Animation of Maramduke okay , other dogs not so much so . Campy dog dance routine at end is terrible.If you must see this move , borrow it from you local library or a friend that unfortunately bought it .
 I bought this movie for my 2 year old granddaughter and the movie skipped all the way through . And she watches only a few movies ALL the time , this being one of them . So I had to return the movie to the seller . So we were n't very happy campers .
 When you see the source material -LRB- Sunday comics section in local papers -RRB- , you understand in two seconds why this sucks . Its like making Charlie Brown Live action with the fat kid from super-bad . The stories were more like the Beethoven movies , tales of a real big dumb dog -LRB- more than likely the cartoonists -RRB- . Only these were stories of what a real dog would do on a daily basis , not surfing , or dancing . This is an embarrassing project from start to finish .
 While there is much about this movie that is bad , there are some good points , which is where this review will begin . This movie is clean and family-friendly . There are no situations where little kids will be confused or scared . It is mild enough so parents can let their kids watch it unsupervised.Now for the bad points . THis movie is terrible . It is based on a comic strip that has no plot , thus the movie has a limited plot . I thought maybe at first it would be similar to the `` Beethoven '' movies from a few years back . But it was n't even close to Beethoven . Then I thought it would resemble some of the other dog movies , but it did n't . This movie was pathetic and I recommend it to no one .
 Never got to see the movie . I just got an error message after it dowloaded . I paid for it , but never got to see it !
 Obviously , the people who made this movie had never lived with a Great Dane , nor had they read the Marmaduke comic strip . Disappointing .
 Talking dogs must be Hollywood 's formulaic answer to attempting to pull a family friendly blockbuster out of thin air . Nearly every live action film featuring a talking dog seems to play out similarly or at least have all the same big moments . Underdog , Scooby Doo , and the Cats & Dogs movies are all guilty of this . We see the dog -LRB- s -RRB- living it up while partaking in whatever activity they do best , things eventually go wrong , dog learns its lesson , dog does some sort of selfless act that ends up saving the day , and then there 's a big , overblown , CGI infested finale featuring something like flying dogs , dancing dogs , dogs using jet packs , or something equally as unbelievable . So in walks a clumsy dog named Marmaduke that follows in the same pawprints of every dog related film before it.The special effects do n't really have any redeeming qualities about them . It 's like the people who keep doing these types of movies never learn that a completely computer generated animal looks terrible when it 's thrown in the real world . Marmaduke does use real animals the majority of the time , but the way the animals talk looks pretty bad . Some animals look better when they talk -LRB- Mazie -RRB- than others -LRB- Marmaduke -RRB- , but it still looks awkward . It 's as if they just move the bottom lip of the animal while stretching or shrinking its eyes to portray emotion . It 's like a visual aid for abusive use of botox on animals or something . Not to mention they always decide to blow everything out of proportion in movies like this . It 's like they have more of the budget at that point of the movie than they originally intended and they come up with this outrageous scheme to have something to appeal to younger audiences , but dog surfing and choreographed dance featuring large groups of dogs ? It 's not amusing , especially when you can tell it 's not real animals being used . The CG is weak all around though . It 's subtle when it 's used to make animals talk , but it looks forced and it feels overdone in the scenes that lean on CG to be successful . There 's no happy middle ground.I hope you 're a fan of bad puns . Marmaduke is practically overflowing with them . Twist my paw -LRB- arm -RRB- , off the leash -LRB- chain -RRB- , bone-illionaire , barkanova , chupadogra , and licking butt . Just when you think you 've heard the worst one , three more pop up just as bad or worse . The cast is also filled to the brim with people overacting the entire time . Most of the actors involved probably wo n't be too shocking ; Owen Wilson , George Lopez , and a few of the Wayans taking part sounds about right . Kiefer Sutherland playing Bosco was a bit of a shock though . Lee Pace having a large role in the movie was , too . The guy was so promising in `` Pushing Daisies '' and The Fall . It 's disappointing to see him reduced to this . At least William H. Macy manages to act like himself in this.I would n't suggest actually thinking about the story points either . It 's pretty brainless . The dog park being like a high school for dogs is probably around the time you 'll want to jump out of the nearest window . Then there 's the dogs playing Dance Dance Revolution and dogs making gopher and horse noises . It 's just hard to imagine anyone finding something so lame entertaining at all . Also , seriously , this is like the third family movie I 've watched in a row featuring a heavy emphasis on urine . Is urine funny now ? The whole concept seems really disgusting to me , especially since Marmaduke makes it a point to circle back around to the subject several times . The farting scenes probably did n't help matters either.Marmaduke is just a really unpleasant excuse of a family movie . It 's clich&eacute; and predictable , littered with overacting , filled with just the worst puns imaginable and borderline obscene when it comes to the amount of animal bodily fluids used throughout the movie . It 's very Beethoven in tone , but even goofier and more melodramatic . Even though Marmaduke feels like every other live action talking dog film before it , the cast also feels worn out even though they all seem relatively new to being exposed to this level of atrocity . Delivering a journey that is both dull and agonizing with a destination that could barely be considered lukewarm , you 'll be begging for Marmaduke to be put down long before he even has the chance to breakdance -LRB- I wish I was making that part up ... -RRB- .
 My son enjoyed this movie -LRB- 8 -RRB- , it was doing okay with me until the female dogs entered the scene . I hate children movies that try to incorporate adult themes in the scheme . Marmaduke is attracted to one female while his female friend is attracted to him.Can kids just be kids and not so concerned about relationships yet ? They 'll get plenty of that as teenagers .
 Before I review this film I want to state for the record that I do like smart family friendly films -LRB- I happen to love the comic strip Marmaduke also -RRB- , but unlike Alvin and the Chipmunks or How to Train your Dragon , this film is just one bad joke after another . I 'm sure the really little kids will find something to laugh about here and parents may like the film because their kids like it , but for everyone else this film is boring with very little humor.The film starts and ends with a dog F A R T joke -LRB- ha-ha very funny -RRB- ! This is n't as bad as the two Chihuahua movies , but it is n't so much better than I can give it above a 11/2 star rating ... probably 21/2 stars for very young children , but there are so many better films to introduce your children to . Please give your kids more credit than this steaming pile !
 We like family oriented movies at times . We love Under Dog , Cats and Dogs and ect . However , we were sorely disappointed with this movie . It looked funny and since I grew up reading the Marmaduke comic strip ... it should have been funny . It had the voices of some rahter famous people including Keifer Sutherland , Sam Elliot , George Lopez and Owen Wilson . However , whoever chose Owen Wilson to voice Marmaduke must have been beat with the stupid stick . Wilson 's voice is not `` big '' enough plus his flighty personality is not what one would get from a Great Dane . Scooby Doo had a more masculine voice and personality than Marmaduke . Also , Carlos -LRB- the fluffy cat voiced by George Lopez -RRB- was hardly in the movie ?? I have the same problem with the `` Chupadogra '' character -LRB- Sam Elliot -RRB- . The viewer gets one lecture from Chupadogra then that 's it ?? Plus , like other reviewers , why did the movie start and end with a fart joke ?? Is that the movie 's idea of coming full circle ??? Scooby Doo had a fart joke in it and it was a rather long one but at least it was a bit different ... this had the same fart joke .
 Okay , I am not a child so I 'm not really sure what I was expecting . For some reason I thought this movie had potential , what with all the positive reviews and Owen Wilson voicing the lead character ; I thought it would be funny in a light and goofy way . However , the humor is seriously lacking and the plot is extremely formulaic and cliched . It was n't the worst movie ever -- and some young kids might enjoy it -- but there are definitely much better animal flicks out there , like Homeward Bound , Cats and Dogs , Babe ... films which can be enjoyed by all ages .
 The One World Studios burst on the scene with the unforgettable `` Choppertown , The Sinners '' and followed up with the documentary about obsessive Triumph builder/Rider Meatball in the equally excellent `` Brittown '' documentary . Since then their output has been self-serving and self-centered video diaries that do n't even come close to the magic found in `` Choppertown '' and `` Brittown '' . `` The Harbortown Bobber '' had some interesting moments but overall it lacked what their previous two films had in abundance . Then we come to the fiasco that is `` One World Tour '' . It seems to focus more on the partying of the two filmakers and not enough on the bikes or the interesting folk that build and ride them . Europe is a huge piece of the world and OWT does not do it justice . THey try to do way too much in this film and the intimate portraits of personality that were found in their first two pieces is lost . FAce it fellas , Rico , Kutty , Jason , Jimmy , and Meatball you ai n't . Stay behind the camera where you belong . We are sick of seeing your faces . You raised the bar up high with `` Choppertown '' and `` Brittown '' and so far you have n't come close to it again . Boring !
 It almost felt like I was watching some really bad highschool production made by kids and filmed using their mom 's camcorder . It is that low quality . The acting is very wooden at times and other times it seems overacted . The actors/characters in the movie dress like they raided a hot topic sale bind . It is a very sad and lame attempt at a gothic/vampire movie .
 `` Bloodwine '' has unattractive actresses , very poor acting , a nonsensical script that builds no suspense or dread , bottom of the barrel special effects , and no eroticism to speak of . Not much to like .
 I love Wes Anderson films . The Royal Tenenbaums is possibly my favorite film -LRB- if not , it is in the top three -RRB- . I think he is a fantastic and meticulous director who creates works of art.But I just do n't think his genius is appropriate for a film ostensibly for children . I appreciate his commentaries on modern ennui and depression and money never being a solution to your problem in his other work -- yet I just do n't think that I would want to show this film to anyone . For children , it is too depressing . For adults , it caters to them with plenty of clever jokes and wit and charming hand crafted animation -LRB- which I loved -RRB- yet it falls short of really having heart.I rented this from Netflix due to reading varied reviews , and I for one am glad I did not buy it . It has a great cast , a great director and great craftsmanship . But for me , as I watched it -- it has no heart . It felt like Anderson wanted to make a story he loved as a child into a film , but he is ill-equipped to make a children 's movie . I think he should stick to what he knows and does wonderfully -- black comedy adult films that examine the spiritual and actual problems of well-off people in America . I know a lot of people loved this film , and I wanted to too . But I just do n't .
 We were looking forward to seeing this film with our kids , but just could n't like it . Our dislike of the movie does n't come through an inability to enjoy Wes Anderson , as we have seen and enjoyed `` Rushmore '' , `` The Life Aquatic '' , `` The Royal Tenenbaums '' , and `` The Squid and the Whale '' . I could n't help thinking what a dull movie it would be if one just replaced the animal heads with human heads . To us as diehard Dahl fans , the movie failed to capture the spirit of the book ... it winked at the adults too much and really did not speak to children . The main characters were prettified and yet charmless . The dialogue ... meh . It was kind of a generic rom-com but because the characters are animals , it must be for kids , right?As a children 's movie , may compare with Pixar , but really not in the league of Aardman Animations or Miyazaki . But then again , what is ?
 I honestly ca n't believe how many people have given rave reviews of this movie . It was awful . Awful animation , awful dialog , and a truly awful adaptation of a great story by a great author . Ca n't believe I sat through the whole thing .
 I love movies ! We watch lots of them as a family but this one was a HUGE disappointment . I could barely stand to finish it ! This movie was purchased for my daughter for Christmas and it was so raunchy that I would n't let them watch it ! Just because you substitute the word `` CUSS '' for horrible swear words does not make it a family friendly movie !!! The movie itself was quality made but it was just HORRIBLE !
 This movie was way too over-hyped . It just is n't that good . The stop-motion animation is not charming ; it 's just jerky . If you like stop-motion , the Nightmare Before Christmas is a far better example of the genre . The plot , too , just was n't that inspiring either.Save your money . If you 're really curious , watch it on cable .
 I was interested the forst 20 minutes or so but soon became bored and annoyed by this film so I was disappointed
 My wife and I sat through it and at the end we asked `` what was all that about ? '' We felt it was mindless nonsense , not even good comedy , and many of the scenes seemed unconnected .
 The first half of the movie had potential , but it just falls apart into sillyness at the end , and ` suspending your disbelief ' becomes impossible , after which the movie sadly falls off a cliff . This was definitely not a kids movie because both the language and themes where adult oriented , and it is to ` over the top ' silly -LRB- especially the end -RRB- for adults , so what demographic where the producers of this movie targeting , who knows ? The story-line was pointless , and plot just silly-stupid . I could n't wait for the movie to end -- and when it was over , I was left thinking , `` I wish I could have the last 2hrs of my life back '' . If you must see it rent it , DO N'T BUY IT ; if you do the DVD will be a $ 15 coaster after you 're done watching .
 By reading the reviews , is appeared I would be getting a wonderful evening movie . The reviews on the box were so great ! I gave it a chance and watched or about 40 minutes , and what a disappointment . Poor story line and poor graphics . Boring characters . See if you can find a preview first . You might like it ! My copy is on its way to The Salvation Army .
 Based on other reviews , I guess I missed something . I 'll keep it short
 I had high hopes for this movie , as the `` experts '' gave it glowing reviews . Thank goodness I rented this from the library before buying it ! This has to be one of the worst movies ever created . It was so boring I could not even make it through the first half of the movie . The characters are flat and unmemorable . The voices were uninterested and almost seemed bored themselves . There really is no plot or purpose to the movie . No wonder it did so poorly in the box office .
 I did n't expect much going into this movie and it still managed to disappoint . I saw an ad for it a few years ago and just got around to watching it tonight , I say that because the ad did n't look that exciting either . Horrible writing is what it boiled down to , it was visually appealing but the entire time I just felt like it was trying to be cleaver in the dialog but just never got to a intelligence level above a below average 10 year old . It also was cast very poorly , none of the voices added anything to the characters.Like I said I did n't expect much but usually when I go into a movie like this I get more than a bargained for . This movie was just dull and drug on and on for what seemed like ever . I would NOT recommend buying this unless you rent it first and for some odd reason end up liking it . I had heard that young kids do n't like it , it is hard for them to sit through a long unfunny movie , and it is not witty in anyway so I confused as to who this movie was aimed at.There is one odd part of the movie , I do n't know if it was in the book , where Mr. Fox has a dialog about a wolf he sees in the distance . I think it is supposed to be significant in some way since it just does not fit into the story . All I can think of is George Clooney is an environmentalist which I do n't know for sure since he is such a horrible actor and I do n't follow him.Eh , oh well , I do n't feel bad about giving this movie one star , it was just horrible .
 The praise is evident for this film , but look at the numbers - it barely regained its $ 40 million budget domestically , and there 's a reason for that . The movie is awful by animation standards and there was little ` must-see ' buzz about it . Here are a few reasons : - Stop motion animation is creepy , and parts of it look like a very bad Saturday morning cartoon -LRB- particularly the parts where they 're digging -RRB- - The voice acting in this film is horribly bland . Instead of using talented voice actors , like they do in Shrek or any Pixar films , they use an all-star cast of actors who sound as if they did n't know they were recording for a movie . - The characters are not memorable . They wo n't be living in our memory and kids wo n't be buying their toys -LRB- since there are n't any -RRB- . Compare this to Up , or Toy Story . - There are no memorable original songs in this , but instead The Beach Boys , for a movie about foxes stealing chickens on a farm . - The story is very predictable.The voices of those who enjoy this film are severely beating those who feel the same way as I do , but ultimately its box office numbers should make it obvious . Good animated films make hundreds of millions of dollars , easily . This did n't come anywhere close.Can those who ` do not find this review helpful ' explain why this film was a FLOP and that few people , relative to GOOD animated films , want to see this ? Did n't think so .
 This animated film , which features Armageddon between a fox who just can not get thievery out of his system and three wealthy , but deranged , local farmers , gets points for its original style and a few good laughs , but no more . In the end , it is just another relatively mindless action spectacle -- a very sophisticated Bugs Bunny or Roadrunner cartoon . Stack it up against a `` Wall-E '' or a `` Secret of NIMH '' and its fundamental hollowness becomes evident . Unfortunate use of a very high-powered cast .
 The animation here is quirky and the story is ok . But if our family 's reaction -LRB- ages 57 , 55 , 34 , 28 and almost 4 -RRB- is any guide , this one 's not worth buying . I do n't think we will ever watch it again . It certainly failed our toddler 's critical review . She announced , as it was ending , `` I do n't like it . '' This from a child who , if she likes a film , asks to see it over and over again . She loves Horton -LRB- Hears a Who -RRB- , Up , Kung Fu Panda , and the Bizard -LRB- Wizard -RRB- of Oz . She will sit through long films from beginning to end . But this one she needed some minor cohersion to get through .
 I can understand why the movie was not a box office success . A lot of hype is given to the technology that created the movie - which is considerable . However , the movie itself was not good . It really did n't appeal to children or adults - maybe teens would like it .
 There is nothing about this that is possibly worth your time . We simply just gave up 30 minutes into it .
 I bought this for my 3 year old daughter thinking she would love it and it would keep her interested . Boy was I wrong ... the movie did not hold her attention for even 10 minutes . I tried to watch it as well and found myself not content as well . I would recommend to rent this first if you buying it for your children to see how they react first .
 I guess I ' am to old for this movie . The stop motion animation was good , but my son and I thought the movie absolutely SUCKED . Although my 8 year old granddaughter liked it . I 'd suggest a rental before buying it .
 It works slow on my computer , I love that movie , but watching it here ruined it.buffering takes too long , and the quality is not that good.I got better chance watching it on bootleg .
 Fantastic Mr. Fox -LRB- 2009 -RRB- is for unguided children and adults nostalgic for return to childhood 's classic loved books . . two profitable target audiences!Nobody not already acquainted with the famous Roald Dahl authored childre n't book would seek out or put up with this movie.It does n't stand on it 's own.It 's a `` nostalgia vehicle '' cashing in on a famous children 's book.It has a `` name brand . `` Performers of fame and advancing old age -LRB- George Clooney , Meryl Streep , Bill Murray ... . all the stars are over 50 or 60 -RRB- like projects like Fantastic Mr. Fox -LRB- 2009 -RRB- because `` voice over '' work is easy and quick.The main stars likely spent a day ... two at the most ... `` doing '' this movie.No cameras , no costumes , no memorizing lines and scripts ... just read the printed word you hold in your hand and likely never saw before an hour or less prior to your voice over performance.Wear comfortable clothes . Do it all sitting down . Get paid big and get it over with fast.Nice work if you can get it , and George Clooney , Meryl Streep , and Bill Murray `` got it . '' Good for you guys . You all deserve the money and glory you got ... nobody ever gets enough of those things , including you!But a great , or even a good movie , Fantastic Mr. Fox is definitely not.It 's for people not raised on true and worthy children 's classics ... people who read the `` pop , '' best selling commercial children 's authors big in middle and late 20th Century America and England.Judy Bloom -LRB- `` Blume ? '' -RRB- , Dr. Seuss , and Roald Dahl.Kiddy sections of public libraries are packed with the books of these best selling , no-qual authors.Oh tempora , o mores ! ----------------- Written by Tex Allen , SAG-AFTRA movie actor .
 I could n't even watch the whole movie because it was so disappointing . Fantastic Mr. Fox is one of my favorite childhood books , and as is often the case it 's hard to separate the book from the movie . The book is short , whimsical , and , quite simply , fantastic . To make a movie they had to add so much stuff that they should have just called it something else . I might have enjoyed the movie if I had n't read the book so many times.The biggest disappointment is that since Roald Dahl grew up in Wales and England , in my head the characters always had British accents . The way he writes is definitely English , not American . The voices -LRB- and dialogue -RRB- in this movie are awful !
 I 'm sorry , I thought this was awful . I did n't hate it , but I did n't think it was great.The stop motion looked bad , although I could n't tell if that was the intention of the animators or not . Even though I had read the book , I just could n't find interest in the plotline . I had to constantly turn up the television volume because the voices were so low and quiet.I could n't stand the animal characters and was cheering for the farmers about halfway through it . This movie was not a delight , and a bit disturbing .
 While I realize movies-based-on-books often only loosely follow the book , this waste of 1.5 hours neither remotely sticks to the original characters or plot created by Roald Dahl nor even attempts to capture any of his whimsical adventurous flair . The Book/movie is titled ` THE FANTASTIC MR. FOX ' which is a catch phrase of sorts in the book but I did not catch once in the movie . The movie heads in a whole different direction for plot , the characters are not even slightly as portrayed in the book ... very disappointed , do n't waste your time !
 I bought this movie to show to a group of kids for a Parent 's Night Out event at church.I had my 9 year old son preview it for me and when he told me I probably should n't show itI thought I better watch it . He was right . They say cuss a lot and a movie about a lying , stealing foxwould not have been a good choice to show to a group of young church kids . Had to go a different routefor the evening movie .
 This movie was bad , boring and highly unentertaining . I bought two DVD 's , one for myself and one for my grandson . I took the unopenned one back , wish I could have returned both .
 I saw this movie in the theater , the history of how it was created was clever and the preview made it look quite interesting.Well the story was weak , the plot un-entertaining , and the ending - dull .
 I have waited so long to get this from the library so I could enjoy a highly rated animation . My husband was asleep in no time and I picked up a book to read after about 45 mins . I did not like that the colors of the clothes and setting were all about the same shade . I did not think the characters were interesting . I kept waiting for a reason to care about a restless fox that wants to hunt chickens . We gave up and shut it off . I am so glad I did not buy this one .
 This was one of the stupidest movies I have ever seen . I am now convinced that movie reviewers are on the film maker 's payrolls , at least in this case . I could n't even finish the movie . Please save your money and buy another movie .
 This looks like a transfer to DVD from a blurry VHS EP mode source . The picture quality detracted from the total enjoyment of the feature . The sound was also flat . You can only improve the film quality a tiny notch inspite of all the adjustment you make on the TV set . But since this is the only one available on DVD for this Rex Allen film , I suggest you get it . Very atypical of Alpha to come up with a release of this quality .
 I was really enjoying this movie , then the dvd ended before the finish of the picture . The last eight minutes of the movie are missing from this dvd . Do not buy this dvd .
 The problem with Countdown to Zero lies , not with it 's message -LRB- no nukes , we 're gon na kill ourselves with these things , we 're playing with fire , etc. -RRB- , with , which , I WHOLEHEARTEDLY AGREE ... but in its execution.The film spends a lot of time talking to various physicists , military minds , politicians , officials , Valerie Plame , Gorbachev , and Jimmy Carter ... plus people on the street who know nothing about who has nukes , how many they possess OR if they even think about the near-defunct unthinkable scenario of a nuclear exchange.They do know one thing
 The video states that Iran has the nuclear capabilities of creating a nuclear bomb but has not given a real reason on why they would want one and why they would even use one . All this movie supplied was superstitious ideas that only the uneducated will take as unquestionable truth . The movie demonizes the middle east because of ` terrorists ' -LRB- who obviously live in caves -RRB- that can apparently ` build ' nuclear bombs . The film should look at the root causes like the origin of this so called terrorist behavior . Could this behavior be the direct result of the West occupying the Middle east for soo many years ? Hmmmmm .
 No surprise the new ` Countdown to Zero ' disarmament documentary omits life-saving strategies from their agenda of banning nukes , like advocating public Civil Defense , to try and better survive nukes in the meantime . The disarmament movement for decades has hyped that with nukes ; all will die or it will be so bad you 'll wish you had . Most have bought into it , now thinking it futile , bordering on lunacy , to try to learn how to survive a nuclear blast and radioactive fallout . In a tragic irony , the disarmament movement has rendered millions of American families even more vulnerable to perishing from nukes in the future . For instance , most now ridicule ` duck & cover ' , but for the vast majority , not right at ` ground zero ' and already gone , the blast wave will be delayed in arriving after the flash , like lightening & thunder , anywhere from a fraction of a second up to 20 seconds , or more.Today , without ` duck & cover ' training , everyone at work , home , and your children at school , will impulsively rush to the nearest windows to see what that ` bright flash ' was , just-in-time to be shredded by the glass imploding inward from that delayed blast wave . They 'd never been taught that even in the open , just laying flat , reduces by eight-fold the chances of being hit by debris from that brief , 3-second , tornado strength blast.Then , later , before the radioactive fallout can hurt them , most downwind wo n't know to move perpendicular away from the drift of the fallout to get out from under it before it even arrives . And , for those who ca n't evacuate in time , few know how quick & easy it is to throw together an expedient fallout shelter , to safely wait out the radioactive fallout as it loses 99 % of its lethal intensity in the first 48 hours.The greatest tragedy of that horrific loss of life , when nukes come to America , will be that most families had needlessly perished , out of ignorance of how easily they might have avoided becoming additional casualties , all because they were duped that it was futile to ever try to learn how to beforehand.The disarmament movement 's sincere supporters , just wanting a world safe from nukes , will discover those unintended consequences to be inconvenient truths of the worst kind.The Good News About Nuclear Destruction ! at -LSB- ... -RSB- dispels those deadly myths of nuclear un-survivability , empowering American families to then better survive nukes . For as long as nukes exist , these life-saving insights are essential to every families survival !
 This movie starts with interviews of the `` man in the street '' to demonstrate the ignorance of the general public about nuclear weapons . That is no surprise as the `` man in the street '' is ignorant of nearly all technical issues.So , let 's set the record straight . It is NOT `` easy '' to obtain enriched uranium , build a warhead , transport it undetected , and detonate it for maximal damage . If it was , terrorists would have already done so , but they have not . And , rogue states would have lots of weapons , but they do not . The USA needs to worry much more about economic competition from other countries than terrorists with nuclear weapons in a suitcase -LRB- which would be a damn heavy suitcase based upon the size of material needed and the density of Uranium -RRB- . Maybe `` The Hulk '' would carry it for the terrorists.If you want to see a much more realistic assessment of the aftermath of a full-scale nuclear war , rent `` Testament '' , `` The Day After '' , or especially `` Threads '' . The last movie is a fabulously grim depiction of how a nuclear war would return the developed world to the middle ages , with all of the problems associated with short , brutal lives of 35 years . The USA and the `` former '' Soviet Union successfully avoided such a global disaster for 40 + years . We should celebrate that , not make up false crisis and pretend they are of the same scale .
 Someone 's not happy unless everyone else is constantly paranoid . After using interviews with random people on the street to show how unaware and uneducated the general public is about nuclear weapons , the filmmaker made a huge mistake using these people 's opinions as support for his policy recommendations . Some of the footage , supposedly portraying accidents , is suspect because the explosions looked more like purposeful test runs . And after showing how `` easy '' it is to build a nuclear warhead , it 's never explained how the US and Russia eliminating their ballistic missile supply would actually prevent terrorists from building their own . The knowledge wo n't just disappear , you know ! If you feel like sitting through a lobbying group 's two-hour commercial that resorts to scare tactics and does n't mention ballistic missile defense projects once , by all means go see this film .
 If I insult anyone through writing this review , I am really sorry and sincerely apologize . But I just do not like `` TUFF Puppy '' very much at all . The jokes are repetitive , and albeit many of them can be quite comedic when they first appear , they are usually used as running gags throughout the course of the episode in which they were used and grow very annoying . The main character is not very bright at all and needs to be reminded countless times throughout the episodes about obvious subjects or the answers to obvious questions , and his stupidity is n't very funny . It is just irritating and bland . Albeit you may find yourself chuckling while viewing an episode , the same gag that made you giggle in the first place will probably keep popping up nonstop in the episode , much to your agitation . `` TUFF Puppy '' is basically what the `` Fairly OddParents '' is now . I genuinely apologize to anyone who could have potentially been insulted by this review and hope that you can forgive me if your feelings were hurt .
 Not as interesting as the reivew has said . Actually , I found it quite boring in some episodes . Sorry for the poor review .
 Not without it 's moments , but this is essentially one decent movie starring Benicio Del Toro and two made for TV movies . And the tag line for one of the TV movies could be `` The Nominee for Drug Czar of the US says , `` This time it 's personal ... '' * Spoiler * I mean , this is a film where Michael Douglas ' character actually goes out to take on the drug dealers who have stolen his little girl . C'mon now . I have asked many of my friends who call this a `` great , '' film to point out one situation where they truly felt empathy for what a particular character was going through and nobody can come up with much of anything . Catherine Zeta Jones and Dennis Quaid are just plain awful in this film and when her son is being threatened with having his throat cut you ca n't see that it 's much more of an inconvenience than if she had been threatened with having her milk delivery suspended . This poor girl is just not much of an actress . I loved the Boogie Nights guys , but even a good actor like Don Cheadle ca n't let you know how he feels about his partner being killed in this disjointed script . I never felt a thing for Michael Douglas and what he was going through with his daughter . Joan Allen came the closest to making something happen , but then you never get the idea that her character means anything to Douglas ' either . To sum up , I appreciate what Soderberg is trying to do here and if Traffic were what it began as -LRB- say , a three part series on TV , -RRB- I would find it worth watching , but this is not Academy Award material , or even a particularly good movie all in all . It 's a shame that movies like Billy Elliot and You Can Count on Me were left out of the picture to make room for movies like this -LRB- and Gladiator ... oh boy . -RRB-
 I really had no idea what this movie was about when my husband and I rented it . I wish I had n't wasted my time . I really like Michael Douglas , but this movie is not worthy of his acting ability . He has made much better movies . I agree with all of the other reviewers who said this was boring . It was also depressing . Very hard to follow and keep up with what with all the bouncing back and forth between stories . I know that there is a drug problem out there , and I know there was probably supposed to be a hidden message . It was one of those movies where you have to really think about it . My husband made a comment about the movie that if he wanted to see that stuff all he has to do is watch the news . We watch movies to escape , not be reminded of all the depressing stuff in the world.Unless you like this kind of thing , I would n't recommend it .
 What happened in this movie is that they are people who travel drugs from Mexico to U.S.A. . The government of the United States have hired people that sale drugs so they can have the information to know where they can find the main person that is saleing drugs and stop this situation.The setting is in Cinncinati , Ohio in the Suburb of Indian Hill , Washington , D.C in the office of the Chief of Staff , Columbus , Ohio in the Satate Supreme Court where the government were discussing about drugs . San Diego , CA is the place where the police catch one of the drugs saler . La Jolla , California that is just outside of San Diego . El Paso Intelligence Center El Paso , Texas.In addition the tone of the movie is negative because it all relates with drugs ad that makes the people feel like fustrade and make them upset . This also show how some people try to acquire power from others . For example when in the movie the police put mens that are polices and make them to act like they are those drug salers . This is one way how these goverment or anyone can acquire power by tell them a lie or pretend something that is not true but they due it.At the end the message of the movie was that it do n't matter if you are rich or poor but there is always a time when anyone can lade down.Also it depends on you or on people that wants to help you they can get out of a situation like this one.However this movie was a little it confusing at the end but it really has big messages to the audience .
 This has got to be the most heavy-handed , patronizing film of all time . The performances of all the teenagers -LRB- especially the one who played the daughter -RRB- were cheesy and laughable . I was surrounded by snickers when I saw this in the theatre.Even more ridiculous is just how much people go on about the `` realistic '' portrayal of the drug problem . Realistic ? Douglas just happens to become nation 's drug czar at the same time that his daughter becomes a drug-obsessed , skid row prostitute -- while maintaining `` all A 's '' at her exclusive prep school . When her husband gets thrown in the can , Zeta-Jones transforms overnight from happy housewife to sangfroid assassin and drug queen . I 'm sure we can all relate.If it were n't for that enlightening Orrin Hatch cameo , this would 've been just another one-star wonder .
 I enjoy almost all movie 's , but this one was extremely hard to watch . What I was really thinking was what a waste of 3.00 to rent the movie . The movie had no plot and was boring , I watched half the movie and had to turn it off .
 Why are people so impressed with this ? It could have been a movie of the week on NBC . `` Haunted '' by the characters ? I do n't think so . Thank goodness for fast foward . Script is nothing new or provacative . People apparently do n't know what a good film is .
 I am not going to take the time to tell you what this was about . Basically because I have no clue myself . This movie was so freaking hard to follow . It was SO long . I guess I understand . The guy finally realized his family was more important than his job and drugs can have an effect on even the most unsuspecting families and pepole . But holy man make it like and hour and a half amd save me the time . Perhaps if I watch this again it will make more sense to me . This was a good movie I think . They just made it hard to follow . Going from one story to another . Over and over . Give it a try I guess .
 i bought this movie and it was the only movie that i have ever bought that i wanted to return , it came across as a documentary , and to much spanish , for my liking , whats the fuss with this movie .
 This movie was the worst movie I have seen in quite some time . I expected much more with the great cast of charactors . During the entire movie , the scenes were jumping back and forth from one part of the world to another . The camera scenes were continually jerky and very destracting , along with poor color . The plot was the generic drug cartel theme with no real excitement or action . I alomost left the movie theater but I kept thinking the movie would improve . It did ` nt !! It was a real dissapointment and waste of money .
 Having heard that this should have been the Best Picture winner for 2000 , I was extremely disappointed instead . The movie was long , dull and at times very predictable . However , the portions of the movie that featured Catherine Zeta Jones and Benicio Del Toro were decent . Benicio Del Toro 's Oscar was well deserved . The Michael Douglas portion was right out of any bad 80 's movie about the `` horrors of drug abuse '' . Forget about best picture honors , how the heck did it even get nominated ? As far as DVD 's go , this was pathetic . Rent it for curiosity , but do n't waste the money buying it .
 Anytime a movie gathers so many positive reviews , I feel obliged to listen to them and see what the movie is about - after all , the critics are likely to credit those movies that pay attention to character development and credibility and pay less attention to plot developments . Unfortunately , I still have hard time determining just what this particular movie has achieved , what original characters it has generated and passed on to directors and screen writers of the future , for them to admire . I can safely say that more than 100s of movies about drugs -LRB- good and bad -RRB- have been made in the past and that `` Traffic '' recycles ideas from them all ; as hard as I searched , I could not find any original ones . With the exception of Benicio Del Toro , none of the characters were sufficient to redeem the movie - rich kids for whom we are supposed to feel sorry and who blame their parents for not listening to them , politicians and the nouveau riche drug dealers -LRB- even the various American anti-drug organizations are represented -RRB- fill the rest of the plot -LRB- I understand that all these people have been integrated to compare various aspects of the war on drugs , but anyone who has read a book by Clancy or seen various FOX series of the 80th will be privy to little new ; so I wonder what new angle this movie has presented and why we have to pay attention for 21/2 hours -RRB- and we are supposed to feel/know their pain . I am not even sure I find the character development believable or reasonable . E.g. , Catherine Zeta-Jones ' character undergoes amazing transformations into a opportunistic killer - and we are expected to understand her pain or blame the drug world or suffer the harsh reality of her actions and just understand how cruel the world may become - but I must ask why is such a character even interesting and whether some individual sacrifice -LRB- like walking away on her husband -RRB- would not be more realistic and worth some admiration . In any case , I am most disappointed by the critics when it comes to this movie . It seems that they have all jumped on the `` PC '' bandwagon so to speak -LRB- I know I am going a bit too far with this observation but oh well -RRB- , just to make sure that they have not written wrong reviews that would be inconsistent with their colleagues . Having seen the movie , I have found nothing rewarding in the experience . I am still a little baffled why the movie won Oscar for best editing .
 I have no idea how on earth this movie won any oscars . Trafic is without doubt one of the worst movies ever made . No point , no action , no plot . Awfull movie .
 This may be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The plot goes nowhere . There is no action per-say . The acting was n't that great . I ca n't belive this film won 4 acadamy awards . Bottom line this film was realy bad !
 This movie is interesting in the way that it portrays the cross section of real life as opposed to what the government has been putting forth . While it is a timely subject given our ongoing efforts in the area I 'm afraid the whole feel of it and the acting just did not work for me.Douglas does his usual good work and there are good performances by others but perhaps it 's more just the way it was directed . It did not strike me as having a feel of authenticity , it was too obviously contrived . It strikes me as not being one of those movies that makes you want to get inside it and believe , it does not create the sort of empathy feeling one might have for a Tom Hanks in Saving Private Ryan -LRB- admittedly a tough comparison of course -RRB- . Possibly worth a rental but with all the tens of thousands of titles out there I have to say I would not rate it terribly high . No serious political commentary , no memorable or outstanding theatrical element .
 Technically , the film was well done . It did a good job of portraying the many facets of the drug problem . But I had come off a streak of seeing several films that left me saying - wow ! - now that was a good film , and telling friends about it . THIS ONE WILL LEAVE YOU THINKING - THANK GOD I DID N'T WATCH THIS WITH ANYONE . I WILL NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE . I WILL HIDE IT FROM THE KIDS . If you want to go to bed depressed - this is your film .
 I was just not impressed with this film . Maybe if I saw it before all the hype I would not have been disapointed , but frankly , I just did not enjoy it .
 soderberg is probably one of the most over rated directors working today . if you want to make a film with a ` documentary ' feel why not get someone who knows how to shot it , like say i do n't know a documentary filmaker ? but that is not the point . this movie glosses over , and not very well , the issue and problem of drugs and politics . it presents it as a cute problem that needs to be nipped in the bud . pure ... ! the only reason it gets 2 stars is because as always benecio del toro was very good and convincing . over all , highly over rated -LRB- i would venture to say the most over rated apart from gladiator-at least that was amusing -RRB- . and would someone please be an honest and intelligent person and agree .
 Given the complexity of the world 's illegal drug trade , `` Traffic '' is a trickle of activity concerning drug trafficking between Tijuana , Mexico and The United States . It depicts a very accessible and obvious ladder of good and evil underworld hierarchy that includes South American drug cartels , a reluctant government informant right out of `` The Godfather '' , a United States drug czar who battles illegal global drug trade but ca n't stop it in his own home , and a Mexican drug task officer fighting corruption in his own ranks . In `` Traffic '' , the distinction between good guys and bad guys is obvious with little depth of character aside from either fighting or distributing drugs . The token drug addict here is so ` high ' , she behaves like a relic from the 1960s psychedelic scene , `` Far out man , I see colors ! '' . The over-ridden action sequences are cliched drug smuggling bits of bullets and blow-ups less compelling than even an episode of TV 's `` Miami Vice '' . There is a moral right-wing quaintness to `` Traffic '' that suggests we confront illegal drug use one pathetic addict at a time . Where serious answers lie to escalating drug use in America , we get instead an all encompassing theme that ` drugs are bad ' laden in melodramatic trifle more akin to Joe Friday 's `` Dragnet '' than it is to Hollywood 's big drug statement . After nearly 21/2 hours of this tedious action and morality , I needed a Tylenol .
 I can think of nothing less interesting than `` Traffic . '' I rented the DVD expecting a film meritous of high praise . Instead , I got a good nap . I 've seen traffic jams that were more interesting . As a whole , I thought the film was slow , uninspired , and trite . There was nothing new in this film . Like we did n't know that suburban white kids are smackheads , or that drug lords try to find legit fronts for their business , or that governments are the real drug trafficers . I was unimpressed by everything but the performances of Benecio Del Turro and Don Cheadle -- they 're the reason I even bothered to give the film any stars at all . If you 'd like to see an interesting drug movie , find `` Requiem for a Dream . '' It did n't win any Oscars -LRB- though Ellen Burstyn was nominated and lost to Julia Roberts -RRB- . It barely played in any theatres -LRB- due to the mpaa 's refusal to rate the film -RRB- . `` Requiem '' makes `` Traffic '' look like a Disney movie ... or an Oscar winner . In my opinion , the latter is worse ! If you have n't seen it , steer clear from `` Traffic . ''
 shoddy , gimmicky directing and appalling acting by zeta-jones . boring and typical .
 I fast forwared through most of this movie , I only rented it be-cause of all the hype . I enjoy most of the movies that I rent , but this one was so boring that I felt like I should 've gotten my money back . . !! The movie had to many plots , the color was hideous , and it dragged on forever , what a WASTE OF TIME .
 Avoid this bloated piece of self-indulgence . At two-and-a-half hours it should have been cut by a third . * Traffic * tells you everything you need to know about what 's wrong with Hollywood films . The fact that it has been nominated for , and won , so many awards is a comment on just how bad the movies surrounding it are . The vaunted `` multiple-plot '' structure is clumsy , the endless tracking shots become boring very quickly , and realistic character development is non-existent -LRB- with the exception of the `` Rodrigez '' character -RRB- . The number of improbabilities we are asked to accept is an insult to the intelligence , and the smarmy ending screams of intellectual dishonesty . A number of people are killed , but the emotional impact is practically zero . If you get the chance to watch the British mini-series upon which this film is `` based '' -LRB- i.e. ripped off and dumbed down -RRB- grab it - then you 'll see a real exploration of the topic of drugs and society . In the meantime , Hollywood continues its run of cliche-ridden films posing as real commentary on complex issues and events -LRB- eg . * American Beauty * and * Saving Private Ryan * -RRB- . The fact that the industry is so self-congratulatory about such dreck demonstrates its artistic bankruptcy .
 I just watch Traffic , and I have to say it is nothing like the reviews had to say about it being a Masterpiece , Just as big as the God Father Epic , A Flat-out Electrifying Experience , Scenes play like tubo-charged versions of real life , and blah blah blah !!! I did not like the movie , because they did a very bad job of story telling ! I could not get into , or feel for any of the characters in this story . There was a lot at stake for the characters in Traffic , but they did not give you a performance that there was anything at stake at all.I will touch , on my other reasons why I did not like this movie by naming the four Academy Awards that they got this year.Best Director
 1 . Take off two stars for no commentary 2 . Take off another star for not including the original television mini-series . The DVD format just begs for these kinds of extra goodies . Why are they not included?Fans of this great movie deserve more than this . It 's too bad . I guess we 'll just have to wait for the `` special limited collectors ' edition '' .
 There are no characters worthy of our sympathy except the daughter . The script was lacking and had no real punch , just sordid tales of how people allow drugs to mess up their lives . This is a trit star vehicle and little more.The movie is about three different drug stories that are somewhat linked to each other . The first is about the Federal Drug Czar and his career track ambition blinding him to both the futility of eradicating the harm illegal drugs cause in America , and to the boredom that leads his teenage daughter to prostitution to support her drug habit . The scenes in which the father looks for his daughter require a major suspension in belief . No one , especially a bureaucrat would troll the `` mean streets &#65533; as we &#65533; re expected to believe he does.The second story , filmed sufficiently differently to remind us we &#65533; re now watching new characters , involves a drug dealer and his wife that was unaware of her husband 's business until a snitch makes a deal and the husband is arrested . Then we &#65533; re expected to believe that the pregnant wife wants to become part of the drug trade so that she can maintain her lifestyle.Lastly there is the story of the drug trade south of the border in Tijuana . This is shot with another color filter and in subtitles . This is the best story in that it is much more likely and realistically done . The Mexicans see all US governmental agencies involved in drug interdiction as &#65533; tres letras &#65533; or Three Letters as in DEA , FBI , CIA etc. . They &#65533; re all seen as equally ineffective.The acting is generally good except for Michael Douglas . The movie is stylistic which makes it nice eye candy but otherwise it is insubstantial . We do not come away from this movie having learned anything whether of benefit or not . I saw nothing of groundbreaking note here . It &#65533; s a sad commentary when one finds oneself more interested in picking out the cameo actors than paying attention to the storyline.If you have to see the movie , borrow it from a friend . Do n't spend money on it . It 's long and generally boring . It wo n't stay with you .
 This has got to be one of the worst movies of all time not even good enough for the b-movie films of yesteryear . Do n't waste your time and or money on this .
 Perhaps we are the only people in the country who were dramatically disappointed in the hype regarding Traffic and all of the awards it received , but to our family we found it to be boring , tedious and uneventful . There are much better movies out there .
 I was shocked by the movie because it was so long and drawn out . There I was also amazed that it had won alot of awards . The movie went nowhere through out the beginning to the end . The characters were n't developed enough to understand them emotionally . The plot never thickened nor was there ever a climax -LRB- the part where you are on the edge of your seat -RRB- The only thing I was doing in my seat was dozing in and out of pure boredom !! I mean did the people giving out the awards actually watch the movie ????? Or did they just see the list of stars ?? I do not recommend this to anyone at all !!!
 Traffic proves conclusively that the `` the war on drugs '' is alive and well and playing at a theater near you . This stunning artistic achievement has been endorsed by members of the US senate , the motion picture academy and the nation 's movie critics . What more validating acclaim do you need to see this film over and over , and believe everything that it puts forth ? Well , I 'll give you some more reasons to believe
 One of the few movies I ever walked out on -LRB- I eventually sat through it on the insistence of trusted friends -RRB- , this film is somewhat polarizing . I found it to be trite , vapid , predictable , and nausiating with its jerky let 's - cash-in-on-the-indy-craze handheld camerawork.If you loved this movie , I am happy for you that the greatest people producing DVDs is making it for you . But PLEASE rent it first or you may be one of the 10-20 % of viewers who felt like they had just seen the wrong movie . -LRB- If it helps , my judgement is that THE LIMEY is the only good film Soderberg has made , and I would give it about 3-1/2 stars -RRB- .
 I hate to pan this one , because this country desparately needs a scathing denouncement of the war on drugs that will bypass the politicians , and get into the mainstream consciousness . Unfortunately , Traffic is n't it . In a frantic effort to pack the entire tragic tapestry of the drug war into a two hour movie , Traffic accomplishes absolutely nothing . Most of the movie 's content seems to be drawn from a collage of real life events over past years . I recall many actual news stories which are very similar to the plot points of of this movie . All of the drug war players are here . The junkie , the dealer , the cop , the corrupt officials , the honest but naive drug warriors . But the topic is so large , and the time so limited , they 're like the chorus from a classical Greek play . They take the stage , deliver the lines which represent their point of view , and dutifully troop off . A long novel might have done justice to this story . But in a feature length movie , it 's nothing more than cliched , inflammatory stereotypes and ham fisted preaching . In addition , the movie is intentionally shot in an off-color , jerking `` point of view '' style that 's not much more graceful than the efforts of an amateur with a camcorder . I suppose this was meant to lend a tense `` you are there '' kind of feel . The only tension I felt was between my temples .
 I was really looking forward to a director 's commentary -LRB- and maybe even deleted scenes -RRB- for this particular film , but apparently it 's not to be . Bronkovich lacks likewise . He must really be busy on Ocean 's Eleven . Soderbergh 's comment track on Out of Sight is one of the most insightful and entertaining I 've heard yet on DVD .
 Ok , I work in a movie store so I get the chance to see alot of good and bad movies . Some of my favorites include , American Beauty , Gladiator , Dogma , Animal House , American History X -LRB- just a sample -RRB- . So I feel that I have a good judgement over good films . Well last night I checked out Traffic , with my manager and another co-worker . I really disliked this movie . With such and all-star cast delievering a less than mediocre performance , it reminded me of The Thin Red Line . The camera work in it was really bad , with the exceptions of a few key angles and shots . The camera 's shakiness takes away from the key elements of the film . And the sound on this movie was horrible . For one , right when you do get interested in the film -LRB- about 1:30 into it -RRB- a car explosion is silenced with a slow-motion shot . C'mon lem me here that thing explode . And when a point comes in the movie to where one of our main characters is getting honored , they seemed not to have known what to write for him to say , and cut it out with a pleasant melody . If people in the movie industry have to resort to paying for actors instead of quality , I say give me no name actors who love the trait that they do .
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen in my whole life ! It had no plot , jumped around at a psychotic pace that no body can follow . The only people that could possibly like this movie is someone that has no attention span . Do not watch or buy this movie . Del Toro must of thought , hey I have a bad movie so I better put in a whole cast of star actors to make my bad movie good .
 Traffic is an average movie which does not inspire enough interest to get out of that pigeon hole . It deals with many stories and they are all related on some way , obviously the director was watching some foreign films , for this is nothing new . Most of the stories are preposterous , take for example the wife of a drug dealer , in a few weeks she is talking to dangerous drug leaders in Mexico as if she knew what she was doing . Also , the drug czar wandering around in the ghettos of Baltimore , these scenes do not add up and as a result the film is mostly a compendium of utter boredom that drags on .
 I liked this movie . The cast was pretty good and the acting and story were also strong.The HD DVD sucks royally . The video quality is like a regular DVD . I saw this using an HDMI connection on a 1080 HDTV on which other HD DVDs have looked much better . High definition discs are still new and I expect it will take some time to improve the technology , but this movie is an exact replica of the DVD version.I bought this at Best Buy , on sale for almost the same price of the regular DVD . And it is definitely worth less than the regular DVD because I could at least watch a DVD on my blu-ray player when they become somewhat affordable in the distant future . This is why I like combo formats better than regular HD DVDs .
 This show was way over rated by Critics and I 'm very dissapointed after watching it . The show is so real that it is so flat . Basically watching some documentary flim is not my idea of a good picture or movie . The actors were great but this show just have not enough impact . All reviews you read should be really considered before you watch this show . Rent it if you must , but do n't buy for the sake of people 's review . I 'm very sure that are people who hated this show after watching it and would agree that they were just as disappointed wasting your time on such a movie.No doubt they may win something for the movie awards but I give full thumbs down to this movie . I give my vote to Moulin Rouge .
 What do you get when you add a lack of character development , a weak plot , bad acting , and a horrible editing job ? Traffic . I do n't even want to write about how bad this movie was , because I do n't want to waste more of my life in addition to the two and a half hours a spent watching this film .
 Do not be misled into believing this movie is action-packed , drug running , police bustin ' , shoot-em up kind of movie . This movie was the greatest let down I 've seen this year . I pre-ordered this movie months ago and anticipated seeing it . Definitely do not waste your money on buying it . Rent it first if you just have to see it and save some money .
 I can never understand why professionals like jumpy shots and be so obsessed with it that they make movies using this amateur `` technique '' , if you can even call it a technique . Hey , I did not need any trainings to be shooting jumpy videos shots that make everybody sick even when I was a kid.I tried watching this DVD more than two times but I could never go more then a few minutes before quitting . I became so dizzy , not just because of the unstable video shots , but also because they kept changing shooting angles and perspectives every second or two . I almost threw up.I actually bought this DVD nearly 10 years ago and hoping that I could one day watch it to the end after I could overcome this kind of motion sickness caused by their style of video shooing . But , I could never . I am finally giving up . Money wasted on this DVD .
 I rented this film because I had heard so many positive things about it and the cast list was incredible . Boy , was I left with a bad taste in my mouth . Traffic follows 3 different stories that are all circled around the topic of drugs . The only story I found interesting was the one about the daughter of Michael Douglas ' character -LRB- I was so bored I did n't bother to catch any names -RRB- , and that was the story they spent the least amount of time on . The rest of the time we are supposed to feel sorry for a bunch of murderous mexicans trying to smuggle heroine over the border who are torturing some assassin for no reason . Some other guy gets shot by another guy and then 30 minutes later he is trying to save his life . It makes no sense . This movie is vERY long , and very drawn out . The directing is horrible and the use of solid colors instead of real-technicolor -LRB- I.E. Yellow , Blue -RRB- is really annoying and pointless . You will never be more bored in your life . It was painful to sit through , and I was hoping the ending would pay off . But it did n't . I do n't recommend this to anyone for any reason . To think I rented this over Leprechaun 2 .
 one word , overrated . the only actor who i liked was don cheadle , i may be biased on that as well because he is incerdibly under-rated and is great in anything he does.obviously drugs are bad and there are things going on in life , that either we as a nation do n't know , or just choose to ignore.check the original , british version for a better story , acting et cetera , et cetera .
 First off i like the `` deep '' `` art like '' type movies just like the next guy but this movie just had me wishing it would end . The plot and characters were like ... . annoying ... i think thats the best word to use . I GAVE my DVD copy away to someone as soon as it ended -LRB- i had to talk them into it mind you -RRB- . This is just another example of Holloywood falling in love with a movie/director/actor and no matter what junk they make , its always `` thumps up '' . Lets not mention how the heck did DelTorro get the best supporting actor award ? ... did my copy have like 20 or 30 minutes of some outstanding performance footage that was missing on it ? Hey i even like the guy but he was in the movie only for some short time and his performance was like anyone elses in the movie ... average at best . Someone tell me at what part in the movie did he perform such a powerful scene that you were left with your mouth open ? ... can someone tell me ? . Well i guess this was just one of those `` overated movies of 2000 . '' it seems to me none of the movies that were up for `` Best Movie of the Year '' deserved to be there . Hollywood is just running out of ideas .
 I have become convinced that there are two movies out there with the name Traffic . One is the phenomenal movie that won the Academy award and the other is the movie that I saw . I ca n't believe that so many people thought that this was such a great movie . It was like watching paint dry , except that once paint has dried , something creative has usually occurred . Traffic was nothing more than one long series of scenes taken from other hack movies that had been pieced together . The script was trite and filled with all the overused cliches from all the movies the scenes were pilfered from . I know that the politicians that appeared throughout the movie are shameless but I expected more from Michael Douglas and the rest of the cast . I do n't want to sound too apathetic , but I can read the headlines almost any day of the week and put together more intrigue , suspense , and sense of reality than this movie portrayed . Someone please tell me where I can get a copy of the other Traffic ! I know it 's out there and just waiting for me to see it and replace the sense of total empty boredom that the version I watched left me with .
 Please people , get over this movie . Just because the director uses a `` neat '' tint to the film and runs around with a hand cam does NOT a great picture make . Think of Godfather III , looked like a Godfather film , smelled like a Godfather film , but it was terrible . Do n't be tricked into this ridiculously average film . I 'll give you the fact that Benicio does his best to save this picuture -LRB- he is always great -RRB- , but it 's more than even he could overcome . First of all , some spoiled rich kid would not go to the `` hood '' to buy dope . They 'd have some guy like James Spader 's character in Less Than Zero to buy from . Also please explain how Ms Zeta-Jones goes from a naive tennis club wife to Don Corleone in a span of 2 minutes ? Lastly , the speech between Michael Douglas and his daughters friend in the car almost tossed my red vines . Possibly the most overrated film of the last 10 years .
 `` Traffic '' is an overlong , unnecessarily complicated movie that thinks it has something new to say about the ` war on drugs ' , but does n't . Those who criticize the Nancy Reagan `` Just say no '' mantra in favour of movies like this -- that ask a lot of questions but provide nary an answer -- are just kidding themselves into complacency.Ostensibly an attack on the same story from four different viewpoints , I 'd say only half of the action was relevant and necessary.The Mexico scenes , roughly 90 % in Spanish , survive mainly on the talents of its hulking lead , Benicio Del Toro . He never does anything flashy or obvious , but ably shows his character 's dilemma . And his charisma is just enough to save the day , especially when surrounded by a crowd of two-dimensional villains.The scenes featuring Don Cheadle and Luis Guzman are entertaining and surprisingly funny . But they really have no place in this movie . These two fine actors have wonderful chemistry together , but it feels like they have been spliced in from a low budget but finely written buddy movie . I 'm not against a little comic relief in the midst of a tense drama , but it just never seemed appropriate here . Their clowning undermines the drama -LRB- In interviews , director Steven Soderbergh has floated the idea of shooting a prequel featuring these two ; a better idea might have been scrapping `` Traffic '' altogether , and focusing on that instead -RRB- . The Catherine Zeta-Jones scenes are so mishandled that I do n't know where to start . First , the buzz on her character is that she quickly goes from being a sheltered innocent to a Machiavellian drug lord , because her situation demands it . Thus bringing up a series of ethical questions and moral dilemmas . I bought the sheltered innocent part , but the rest was just laughable . A gradual transformation might 've worked , but she falls so easily into the role vacated by her jailed husband that you have to question how much she really knew all along . And on top of that , her mothering instincts seem to leave her completely . After her son is threatened , the boy never again appears in the film . Would a competent mother ever let him leave her side after that ? It is an odd choice , amplified by the fact that Jones lobbied hard to play the role while pregnant . And do n't get me started on the ineptness of Dennis Quaid 's character , not to mention his acting.Finally , we have the Michael Douglas scenes . I knew this story would be awful the minute I saw his ridiculous hair . It makes him look like an ignorant moron , and his actions in his new job as Drug Czar do n't dispel that perception one bit . The whole point of his character was to reveal that no matter how sheltered and mundane your life is , the drugs can find even you . So his daughter gets high . A lot . And when she heads down to the bad part of town , well , our hero Mr. Douglas has to go find her -LRB- as if it 's the job of the Drug Czar to clean up all the drugs by himself ! -RRB- . At one point he transforms into an older and blander version of his fine vigilante character from `` Falling Down '' . I half expected him to get a buzz-cut and a pair of horn-rimmed glasses . I 'd like to say something about the characters of his daughter and his wife , but both were so insubstantial and cliched that there 's really no point.I liked Soderbergh 's comeback film `` Out of Sight '' , where he ably flipped back and forth through time and story -LRB- a technique used less effectively in his next film , `` The Limey '' -RRB- . Here , he does pretty much the same thing , only not as extreme . It does n't work nearly as well . And just because one character from one of the threads passes by on the street a character from another of the threads does n't mean that everybody 's life is intertwined . I used to think that the connections linking the characters in `` Magnolia '' were the epitome of tenuous , but `` Traffic '' out does even that rambling mess -LRB- which leads me to believe that if you liked `` Magnolia '' -- I did n't -- you 'll probably like `` Traffic '' too -RRB- . And Soderbergh 's cinematography -LRB- credited as Peter Andrews -RRB- , where he uses extreme colours to denote a change in geography , is intended to be artful , subtle , and symbolic . It comes off , rather , as heavy handed and condescending to its audience . We do n't need colour coding to understand that we 've gone from Mexico to Cincinnati -LRB- does he think we ca n't read his title cards ? -RRB- . I realize that as of this writing , mine is the minority opinion . Just understand that when a talented filmmaker like Soderbergh fails to fulfill the promise of a subject pregnant with possibilities , I feel we have to call him out on it . Maybe he 'll get it right next time .
 This movie is long ... really long . I felt like I was watching a film student 's project . The cheap gimmick of the different colors for the different settings served little purpose . Also , the handheld camers shots did little to add to the feel of the movie . The numerous characters were never really developed to a point where I had an interest in any of them . I really could n't have cared less what happened to any of them -LRB- maybe that was the point of the movie - but it made me quickly lose interest -RRB- . Even a wonderful performance by Benicio Del Toro could n't save this movie . This movie was written from the point of view of someone who observed drug culture in the 70s . Many of the situations seem to reflect the attitudes of that era and not what is going on in the year 2000-1 . After seeing the previews I really wanted to like Traffic , but it seriously let me down .
 This was one of the worst movies I have seen . Could not give a -LSB- care -RSB- if someone doing drugs , hiding the doing of , selling etc. . The acting was good , but the movie was not anything of interest to me or my family . We went to see it because of `` rave reviews . '' On the upside I think that Benicio DelToro deserved the best supporting actor Academy Award for his role in ` Traffic ' .
 I guess in my last review of this film , I revealed too much , or I made too many spiteful comments because it never got posted . I ca n't describe how awful this film was , at least not adequately in a way that Amazon will post . This film has some serious flaws that I find so amazinly obvious and utterly ridiculous that I have a hard time believing anyone would like it . I think it gets by solely on `` Star Power '' , because it is the weakest attempt at serious filmmaking I have ever had the disprivelege to witness . All sense of reality was swept aside in favor of knee-jerk sensationalism . If so many people think this movie is about the `` real '' war on drugs , America is in serious trouble . I 'm pretty sure the only people who think this film has anything to do with reality have never been to or known anything about the ghetto and street life . Middle-class Americans who claim this film is all about `` reality '' are only allowing themselves to be fooled even further . THE EVENTS THAT TAKE PLACE IN THIS FILM COULD NEVER HAPPEN IN REALITY . It is a twisted , sensationalistic fantasy , one where cops are morons , the `` Druz Czar '' is a pathetic looser who could n't run a one-man charity , rich white prep-school kids are `` street smart '' and the entire Justice System if the United States is so woefully inadequate that it ca n't bring to justice a drug lord who has been practically gift-wrapped . I ca n't believe anyone could overlook these serious flaws , to the point that I 'm worried about our society and how it intends to deal with a serious problem .
 Traffic is an average movie which does not inspire enough interest to get out of that pigeon hole . It deals with many stories and they are all related on some way , obviously the director was watching some foreign films , for this is nothing new . Most of the stories are preposterous , take for example the wife of a drug dealer , in a few weeks she is talking to dangerous drug leaders in Mexico as if she knew what she was doing . Also , the drug czar wandering around in the ghettos of Baltimore , these scenes do not add up and as a result the film is mostly a compendium of utter boredom that drags on .
 I had read recently that members of the US Congress were making use of this movie to re-visit the policies of the War on Drugs . If our congressmen see these hackneyed themes as major revelations , that is indeed frightening.A few years back there was mini-series on Masterpiece Theater that , I assume , was based on the same novel , as the stories were almost identical . A gentleman is appointed drug czar in the UK , just as he discovers that his daughter is an addict . A major businessman is found to be a drug king-pin , to the shock and dismay of his wife , who then goes into the business herself , and is even better at it . Yada , yada ... Of course , Masterpiece , with it 's way of presenting a story over several weeks , rather than a mere 147 minutes , was able to go into much greater depth , and develop some real characters . Besides which , the ideas presented were probably just a little newer -LRB- though not much -RRB- back in the eighties.This movie version has far too much happening and far too many characters , so that the whole thing ends up rather flat . Indeed , had I not seen the mini-series I might not even have picked up on some of the many plots . The wife 's -LRB- Catherine Zeta-Jones -RRB- entering into the drug trade on her own , was just barely covered . And a sub-plot about a business partner trying to move in on her when the husband was in prison , was so badly handled that you did n't even know it had happened until it was over.It is the rare movie that can handle all the plots and characters that can be covered in a novel or mini-series . Instead , they should try to pare down the characters and themes , and then cover them in greater depth . As it was , the `` extra touches '' like filming all the Mexican scenes in a wavey , hot - yellow light did nothing to convince me that this was anymore artistic than your average drug heist movie . And the supposedly `` new '' questions it raised , were actually very old ones .
 `` Traffic '' has been heralded as a `` daring '' look at the War on Drugs . But it 's only daring from the perspective of someone who thought the War on Drugs has been a resounding success . Frankly , to those who have been willing to make themselves familiar with the failures of the multi-trillion dollar campaign , the film covers nothing new and really could have been far more provocative . Not that it 's a bad thing that the limited scope of the film shook up people who think inside a narrow box a bit . As a film on it 's own , it deserves some praise as an entertaining , well-acted -LRB- especially from Del Toro -RRB- crime film . But make no mistake , this film has much broader aspirations , and that is where it fails . It is fair to compare it to the British mini-series that it 's based on , `` Traffik '' , which was produced 11 years earlier yet is far more insightful and relevant . That film has a broader scope -- it deals with the a third world opium farmer rather than a third world cop , for example -- , the dialogue is sharper -- compare the Hollywood gushiness of Douglas 's final speech to the powerful efficiency of the original 's counterpart speech -- and it makes far more daring observations -- the original notes how America allies itself with Pakistani heroin traders so they can fight the Soviet Union , where as the remake has dialogue and plot points which completely exonerates the American government of such activity , which is , sadly , totally false . If you want to see a really want a daring film about the War on Drugs , skip `` Traffic '' and see `` Traffik '' . Then , if you want to really have the tragedy and hypocrisy of War on Drugs laid out for you , read `` Dark Alliance '' by Gary Webb .
 would love to review this movie . When delivered the movie dvd was missing . the box was not tampered with in any way . Sure would be nice when you spend $ 40.00 on a crtiterion collection dvd that the dvd is in the case . zero stars
 This a really bad rip off of the BBC mini series . Do n't waste your money on this . Buy the BBC series instead and see some good acting and a plot that sticks together .
 4 stars to this ? Best picture nomination to this ? Oscars to this?Well , Hollywood has sunk again . No script . No story . No plot . And Catherine Zeta-Jones is as dislikable as ever.And let me saw Benicio is one ugly mother . His acting?Lame as hell ! And an Oscar to it ! The world must be insane!Why do people find me , myself , insane ? Because they know thatmy words on this awful , awful picture are true ! Whether they put 0 out of 234 people found this review helpful , I do n't care.They ca n't talk back . They can only work with digits ! Digits , I say ! Digits mean nothing ! What have digits ever done for you?Like the law , they are meaningless . The same as this film.Kudos to the direction , though .
 Del Toro picks up one of the bad guys in a club with all men where intense dance music is playing . Then that man is tortured . Then he is tricked by an assassin . Finally , he ends up dying on his feet by two different murderers . It 's bad enough that the gay Latino character has to be a villain , but he is gullible and subject at anytime to abuse as well . What does this say about the filmmakers ' views on gay Latinos ? We already know based upon `` Basic Instinct '' what Michael Douglas feels about lesbians . To top it off , the scene in which a black drug dealer prostitutes a white female high school student was racist and designed to scare the white fathers in the audience . I do n't care if I get dismissed as PC , this movie was trash .
 Hands down this the worst movie I have ever seen , long boring , I fell asleep 6 times . I wanted to leave before the end , but my wife wanted to ride this lemon out . A terrible film , a terrible waste of talent , I have seen better film on teeth . If you want or need a nap , then by all means , watch this lousy unbearable tedious lemon of a movie .
 My husband and I love Michael 's movie . But this one is the worst of the worst movie that he had even made . His wife look so old and ugly , we can hardly believe ourselves that it 's her in the movie . not worth the effort to watch it at all . . trust me . .
 I really just ca n't get into Traffic . The movie seemed to bore me and just could not follow it . Usually I enjoy most of Michael Douglas 's films but this one is probably my least favorite of any he has done . I tried watching it a second time and still just kept boring me for some reason . It did remind me of say ` Crash ' or ` Pulp Fiction ' in how different stories try to interlock but kept getting lost in them . I would have to look back at the 2000 academy award competition since it won a few awards but guess some people found the movie great , I did n'tPeter J. Miller
 This film can be accurately summarized with one word
 How about jam this disk where the sun do n't shine . This appears to be another one of those `` message '' movies , and I 'm not on the same frequency , ca n't seem to pick up the signal . I sure do wish I had rented this one before buying . -LRB- I would have still felt cheated -RRB- Again , so much for thinking that if `` so-and-so '' is in the movie it should be good . Let 's start a satisfaction guaranteed movement !!
 If this bomb does n't put youto sleep , you 're already dead!With out a doubt , one of themost boring movies ever made !
 this movie was INCREDIBLY boring . it 's a waste of 21/2 hours . You 're better off with Gladiator or even Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon
 If there was a way to rate this lower , I would . It 's 21/2 hours of my life that I will never get back . You would be better off watching paint dry .
 PBS would have been far more entertaining and informative . By far , the worst Michael Douglas show ever . I am beginning to doubt the people who give `` awards . ''
 First off , what 's the deal with the yellow tint for scenes in Mexico and the blue tint for scenes with Michael Douglas anyway ? Sorry , it was like all those black and white cuts on the Playboy channel - forced artistry is just annoying.And the plot , I mean , what was the point anyway ? Douglas quits as drug czar - why ? Because the drug way is pointless ? He does n't really come out and say that . It ends with him supporting his daughter in some kind of touchy-feely group session dealy , which is swell , but if he was so committed to treatment , why did n't he say so when he had a public forum ? He just mumbles and walks offstage.I liked the Mexican officer , but I completely missed the point as to what he wanted and where he was going . At first he seemed like a good guy , then you could n't tell and finally he ends up being some kind of official . OK , so what ? Again , what is the point ? Just a mess.This is one of the best films of the year ? Does n't anyone write anymore in Hollywood , or do they just dream up `` theme '' movies over lunch ?
 This is another case of movie star names selling a movie . If I had heard about this movie WITHOUT being told who was starring in it , I never would have bothered seeing it . But , I did see it ! At first , it seemed riveting and interesting but after a couple of hours , the only good parts were Benicio Del Toro 's scenes . The story was boring and far-fetched and in my opinion , this was a hyped up bunch of hot-air . For example , I 've never seen a government official break down at a press conference because his daughters on drugs . Come on ! Do n't insult our intelligence . And drugs being transported as fully constructed dolls made of cocaine ! Hmmmm , what happens if someone sweats on one of the dolls ? This movie would n't even fool a kid let alone an adult . Terrible .
 Ok i rented it because 5 dsatrs 5 stars , loads of oscars etc. . Its really bad do not bother
 Despite a good cast.I almost wonder why they took the job.this is dull and the direction is mishandled .3 stories at once which both relate and do n't relate too eachother.If this was n't a drug movie it whould most likely be a surething for an acadmy ... lol well to sum this up it 's saying no matter how hard the goverment tries they ca n't win the war on drugs.Perhapps i missed something some where but this gives a negative message.I generally round up reveiws butthis one im ust round down.It does have some funny moments , but seethis if yourinto watching people pretend to get off on the stuff.Nap time anyone ?
 I 'm so disappointed to what i got from the dealer . The version i bought is a &#34; Criterion collection &#34; with 2 discs special edition . But what the dealer mailed me was not just a single disc edition . But it also the illegal version !!!! the dealer printed the cover by himself and it does n't fit the box at all.The disc inside the box wrote &#34; disc 2 &#34; . obviously the &#34; Disc 1 &#34; is disappeared !!!! -LRB- I can provide photos to prove it -RRB- And in the delivery description dealer wrote was from UK . but finally it was mailed from Mexico . It made me need to pay extra 16 Pounds for the VAT and handling fee costs !!!! I definitely request to refund including the VAT fee.What an irresponsible dealer !!!!!!
 States that will play on DVD , BLU-RAY & PS3 !! Does not fit in ps3 slim had to void ps3 warranty to remove disc does not fit in my Philips DVD player or Sony and Samsung blu-ray players !!!!!
 This is another case of movie star names selling a movie . If I had heard about this movie WITHOUT being told who was starring in it , I never would have bothered seeing it . But , I did see it ! At first , it seemed riveting and interesting but after a couple of hours , the only good parts were Benicio Del Toro 's scenes . The story was boring and far-fetched and in my opinion , this was a hyped up bunch of hot-air . For example , I 've never seen a government official break down at a press conference because his daughters on drugs . Come on ! Do n't insult our intelligence . And drugs being transported as fully constructed dolls made of cocaine ! Hmmmm , what happens if someone sweats on one of the dolls ? This movie would n't even fool a kid let alone an adult . Terrible .
 This ... ! Boring . Boring . Boring . I ca n't imagine why this movie was up for any award especially an Academy Award ! The best actor was the strung out teenager . I can not believe that Benicio del Toro beat the bad guy from Gladiator for his performance . It was truly the most twisted example of how politics and popularity rule the Academy Awards.In addition calling it a movie is really inaccurate . It is a documentary film . Excitement ? NO . Action ? NO Drama ? YES If not for the puzzle you have to put together to understand how all the characters are interwoven there is no entertainment value . This is a classic and depressing example of the ... Hollywood has been dishing out for the past couple of years with few exceptions . But you 'll watch it anyway for the sake of the famous Douglas couple .
 Just another movie about drugs ; selling them , doing them , etc. -LRB- Yawn . -RRB- What 's with all the hype ? Do n't believe it 's a `` must-see '' just because the ads and the critics say so . They are both bought very easily . The cast is good but how much entertainment value is there in watching a father lose his daughter to drugs and then to prositution ? We can see that for free on Jerry Springer . And we are supposed to care about people who are so absolutely stupid ? This film , just like real life gives you no reason to care about people who choose to be morons . This film makes you wonder if the producers and writers themselves were high . People on drugs should enjoy it though . It will support their dillusion that they are cool and a rebel . Unfortunately because of this film 's success we can expect a dozen carbon-copies within the year . Remember when movies used to be a good experience ?
 It 's too bad this movie was done by the same guy that did Erin Brokovich , because it contained a lot of the same Hollywood moralizing , which is different to TV evangalist moralizing in content alone.That said , Traffic was a good movie - specifically , Del Toro , who was fantastic , but I ca n't believe some of the dialogue in this movie.First of all , the 10 second blurb by the kid from `` That 70 's Show '' while he was in the car with Michael Douglas was ridiculous . The argument displayed is that drug dealers are so rampant in the ghettoes because all the white kids come into them and ask for drugs ? To further confuse the issue , he maintains that if 1000 black people came into white neighborhoods and wanted to buy drugs , all the white kids would be drug dealers instead of going to law school . I think that 's one of the grossest falsehoods about drugs in America today , and further perpetuates the so-called victims of the drug dealing industry , blame it on `` the man . '' And the rant in general sounded like it was written by a rich liberal who has never stepped foot in a ghetto in his life.Along the same lines , it was also incredibly political to try and make the argument that , drugs should be legal , but we should spend the same anti-drug campaign tax money on drug treatment . Again , let 's coddle more `` victims '' at the expense of the tax payer , whether he likes it or not.They made good arguments about why drugs should be legal -LRB- the hypocrisy of legalizing other drugs like alcohol but not other substances is good , the idea that the cops are working for dealers too , and of course all the deaths involved -RRB- and should have kept it at that.Personally , I think this movie tried to say more than it should have . If it was going to take the stance of legalizing drugs , it should have done that . When you try to show every facet of something like drugs , you run into trouble . The whole Michael Douglass ' daughter thing was unnecessary , except to show that most kids experiment with drugs , even rich kids . It was unnecessary to make her a free-base addict who gets pimped out by the `` righteous ghetto victims . `` So , it was a good movie with strong performances by most of the cast , with the exception of Michael Douglas and his trashy daughter . The script was pretty inventive , with the exception of the two situations I mentioned already , which were very PC and annoying . I give this movie 2 stars , for nothing else but Del Toro 's performance .
 I rent this film because of the names , the 4 Oscars and the description as a thriller.It 's a fair story but not a thriller!Furthermore , the part of judge Robert Wakefield -LRB- Michael Douglas -RRB- was not of any importance the way it was presented . To be more interesting , it should have been more developed , I think.I expected he would be more personal , more involved in the plot than just visiting the general in Mexico . And his daughter was addicted ... so ? He sent her to the group ... so ? The wife 's part was completely absent and inactive as a mother ... We could live without . The film itself is a drama . Not an action film or a thriller as we were presented by the trailers . Sorry , gyus !
 This film is not complex or interesting . It is an all-star , worthless mess . It is extremely annoying visually . Scenes in Mexico are YELLOW , while scenes in the USA are BLUE . Winner or several Oscars ... Why ? This is junk !
 This movie is only the second movie i have ever walked out on . there really is n't any plot . the scenes in mexico hurt your eyes because of the coloring . the show never ties anything together the only good thing about the show was Catherine Zeta-Jones . OVERRATED MOVIE OF THE YEAR !
 Traffic is easily the least entertaining of the 5 best picture nominees in 2001 oscar and I am so pleased it did n't win the best picture . Why Steven Soderbergh won an oscar for this one instead of Erin Brockovich is beyond me . The story about DEA war against Tijuana drug cartel . The movie itself is boring and way too long -LRB- listed at 147 Mins -RRB- . And for some reasons , the picture is presented in 3 different color setting for each plot line so Michael Douglas , Catherine Zeta Jones , and Benicio Del Torro all have 3 different colors . The DVD itself is OK . Picture is sharp and the Dolby Digital 5.1 is ok as most of this movie is dialogue anyway . If you have heard good things about this movie , it did win 4 oscars , rent this first before you buy as this is not as good as what the critics said .
 I watched this movie because of all the hype it got when it was in theaters . It ought to be called something like , `` a day in the life of the drug trade . '' There are a lot of characters , none of whom is really developed . The cast is apparently working as an ensemble , with no main plot and no main character ; just a bunch of minor intersecting story lines . Partly as a result , no character and no plot was interesting or engaging . Also , the camerawork which showed scenes in D.C. under a blue filter and scenes in mexico under a yellow filter -LRB- so signify heat ? -RRB- which i assume was supposed to be artsy , was mostly just irritating .
 This movie was slow , and never got to the point
 after a lengthy discussion with a freind about this movie i thought id come and see what other people thought about the film.i for one find i vastly overated ... the only strong plot line being bencio del toro 's ... first off ... the colored washes gimmicky , easy . . and artsy for art sake not needed nor do they add anything to the film except to make you realise youre now watching `` character x 's '' story line.now the idea of catherine zeta jones rich suburban wife taking over her husbands business while not impossible is highly improbable and lends an air of unbelievabilty to that part of movie . . but that pales in comparison to the problems with michael douglas and his story in the movie . .1 . yeah ok got it even the drug czar can have a kid hooked on drugs . . wow . . shocking . .2 . um ok so none of these super rich kids deals drugs they all travel to the ghetto to get it ? . . please . . what world do these film makers live in find any high school in any neighborhood in america and you will find a kid that sells drugs . .3 . ok now the `` drug czar '' needs to find his little girl . . who he cant believe is on drugs . . so he takes to the streets no gun no cop no nothing . . again ridiculous . . a judge that prominent doesnt know one cop in his state he can trust or one person to bring with him to navigate the dangers and could the national drug czar not think a gun might be needed ? . . or could he not get one ? ... totally unbelivable4 . it just flat out doesnt happen that way in 99.9 % of the casesyou dont go from your first taste of a drug . . crack . . to the level she got to in the span of what ? . . a week ... give it a 6 months then maybe ... and the imagery of the evil black drug dealer sleeping with the poor white confused girl is beyond sickening and racist . . what she didnt have anything to sell to get some cash before she became a hooker ? . . none of her friends could loan her 10 bucks ... 5 . michael douglas is just not a very good actor . . and the boyfreinds little speech to him about blacks and whites and the drug trade was such an obvious '' i know what you liberals are gon na say and here it is to cut you off at the knees '' bit of dialouge its funnyok enough ranting ... im a big movie fan and after one too many people trying to tell me that this was such a classic i needed to vent a little
 Could be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . After paying to see this movie , I felt ripped off . This experience is like watching a 2 hour commercial . The movie left me feeling insulted and very disappointed . I have yet to meet anyone that saw this that actually liked it . Do n't assume it is good just because of the hype and the actors .
 This movie was by far one of the WORST movies I 've ever seen !! However if you can watch 5 movies at one time and keep up with each movie all at the same time then I suppose you 'll like this movie . If you 're like me and only care to watch one movie at a time then this movie is NOT for you ! I found this movie confusing , boring , and horrible ! I DO NOT recommend this movie to anyone . All of my friends agree that it was horrible and can not figure out what all of these people who say that it 's going to be a classic are talking about !
 Three things
 I saw a sneakpeek of this one shortly before it came out , and wow , was I not able to predict the way it would be received . Soderbergh shows a surprisingly uneven hand with his storylines . Del Toro is good , but he 's been -LRB- and will be , no doubt -RRB- much better . Michael Douglas is , surprise surprise , Michael Douglas . And Zeta-Jones is not as deft an actress as she is stunning . Sorry , but it 's true . My main problem with the film , however , has to do with the overall approach . It reminds me of Natural Born Killers , in which Oliver Stone tried to make a point about how popular culture makes us numb to violence by making a movie equally numbing . Interesting point , but not an enjoyable film experience . Similarly , Traffic seems to address the `` the drug problem is really complex and seemingly unresolvable '' idea by making a movie as muddy and tangled as its topic .
 Ugh . Like most people who had a problem with this film , my biggest disappointment came from the entire American User/abuser part involving Douglas ' character and the spoiled brats high on smack . I despise movies that only serve to rile people up for no good reason . Soderbergh used the oldest trick in the book
 After all the hype I had expected far more . The sub plots of each of the stories were so poorly captured that they became meaningless . The `` documentary '' style failed miserably and even the ambitious photography failed to hold the Tijuana scenes together For me the only remotely interesting area was Michael Douglas ' role as the Drug Watchdog who struggled to save his addicted daughter . Unfortunately even this story became muddled and failed to take advantage of a good opportunity give us real meat in the story . In another of the parallel stories , Miss Zeta Jones ' souless acting added an additional burden to a story that lacked all credibility . Across the board , the few interesting plot elements were treated so sublty as to be lost . In summary this was a movie that lacked direction and took way too much time to go nowhere.All in all a waste of time - I am sorry I wasted my money
 If I wanted to watch a documentary on drugs , I would have stayed home and watched PBS . I was bored throughout the entire movie . There was no action , in fact the movie was so quiet you could here the projector going the whole time . I want to watch a movie for entertainment value , to escape reality . This movie is in no way deserving of any awards . Do not see this ... !
 I watched this movie when it came out in the theaters and hated it . It jumps around and did nothing but confuse me .
 dude this movie was HILARIOUS !!! its about this dude , and he couldnt find his car
 The underlying plot -LRB- s -RRB- / theme for this movie could have ended up with a very good movie . The acting was great , do n't get me wrong , but there were several things wrong with it that would make me give it a negative recommendation . First off , literally everyone that I 've asked about this movie generally did n't like it . Ranging from `` it was * ok * '' to `` I felt like I was going to throw up afterwards for wasting my time '' . To me , the movie was slowly paced , predictable , and had no memorable soundtrack , which made for a very boring experience , it 's just not a good sign when you start looking at your watch 30 minutes to an hour into the movie . Not to mention that there were three concurrent stories being told , and you never really got the sense that either of them had anything to do with the other . Two of the `` stories '' did intertwine somewhat , but you still never really got the sense that they should be in the same movie together ... The makers obviously did something right , judging by the response from a lot of people , but they obviously did something wrong as well , when you have a lot of people who sat through the movie just wondering when it will finally be over ... I do n't know , this was a really `` love it or hate it '' kind of a movie , so if you have n't seen it , and are n't sure you are going to like it , I 'd pool some money with friends and rent it when it comes out , that way , if you like it , you 've only spent a buck -LRB- or less -RRB- to see it , and then you can spend your money on the DVD , but if you happen to not like it , you 're only out a dollar -LRB- plus a couple of hours -RRB- .
 Although I agree that this movie has a unique storyline , that 's all this movie has . The writing may have been incredible , but I 'm no critic , so I 'm not rating this movie on that . I 'm a common moviegoer , so I rated this movie based on entertainment value . This is quite possibly one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . I was bored multiple times while watching this movie . Right from the beginning , the storyline was too difficult to grasp . Even the two friends I was watching this movie with agreed that this movie was the exact opposite of entertaining . The media may have hyped this movie up , but it definitely did not gain popularity by common word of mouth like most great movies . I would definitely not recommend this movie to somebody in the mood for watching something entertaining . The only reason you may want to watch this movie is for it 's uniqueness .
 I rented this movie this past weekend . I heard that some people liked it and others did not , so i wanted to form my own opinion . My opinion is that this movie was a utter disgrace to film making . It was awful , not entertaining , and boring . I wanted to turn the dvd off but my girlfriend kept saying `` Maybe it will get better . '' Well just for curiousity I fast forwarded through the rest of the 40000 chapters . Lets give a synopsis of all the chapters . `` OH LOOK WE ARE TALKING '' `` WE ARE WALKING '' `` OOPS WE ARE DOING DRUGs '' `` OH NO MY DAUGHTER IS A DRUG CRAVING WOMAN '' `` OOPS WALKING AGAIN '' `` IM MAD '' `` ISNT MEXICO WONDERFUL '' there is the entire movie , so thank me cause i have saved you the 20 bucks to buy this movie
 This movie is SO boring ! It drags and drags . DO N'T buy this movie .
 Okay , I guess Ive been spoiled by the likes of Gladiator and The Perfect Storm . But I realize that Steve Soderbergh is a good director -LRB- `` Out of Sight '' -RRB- . But I was astounded to realize that he had been nominated for THIS!I went to the theater HOPING I 'd like this movie . I 'd been waiting a while to see it . Ultimately , the movie seemed like a 4 hour drug trip -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . It felt like you do at 2:00 in the morning , when your ' e not sure what 's real or not . I do n't know if this was intentional or not ; I doubt it.Each location is shot with a different filter ; Mexico is yellow , DC is blue , etc. . Call it inventive , call it annoying , I did n't like it . It gave the movie a fake look to it -LRB- especially when it strives to be realistic -RRB- . My main problem is that it is not a good movie to sit down and watch . It is NOT entertaining . It probably does do a good job of protraying the world of drug traffic . And I do recommend it to anyone who takes drugs or wants to . This movie is too long , and there are hardly any characters to sympathize with besides Michael Douglas . And , as in real life , there is no ` Hollywood Ending ' . After watching this 3 hour movie , I was very disappointed at the ending . I felt I had wasted my time.Thank God we can all look forward to `` Pearl Harbor '' on Memorial Day , May 28 .
 I really do n't know where to start . This really had to be the worst movie made in 2001 . I just could n't understand it . The story , or stories in the film . Who played the bad guys ? And what was that stupid speech about blacks always seen by whites as drug addicts , that we should undertstand and feel sorry for them because Hey , that 's all they know and do to survie . Was n't the black guy giving the drugs to the girl and pratically having her as a his sex slave , because she ... being stupid and rich and having nothing to do with her time needs her drugs . I could n't stand her and wished she died in the film . She just made me want to beat some sense into her . This is what happens when we give everything to our kids -LRB- meaning allowances of over 100 dollars a week -RRB- so they start to get bored and have no sense of what it means to work for money or do with time after school . We really need to teach our kids how to be human beings instead of babying them and worrying about hurting there feeling . Because if we do n't then we will see our kids turn into monsters who do n't care who they hurt , rob , sale there bodies or do stupid things -LRB- like Jackass -RRB- . If I was Michael Douglas I would have beat some reality into the girl and thrown her out on her butt . And the guy who won the supporting Oscar . NO Mexican speaks that way . The accent was wrong and the way the held a converstation . It was like some ignoramus decided to be a screenwriter . What they should have done was go to Mexico and get a real translator and really done a decent job . I Mexican-American , born In Houston , raised in Houston and I consider myself a U.S. citizen just like anyone born here would , white , black , latino , etc. -LRB- But I do n't consider myself a Mexican , because I 've been to Mexico and they do n't like Americanized latinos -RRB- , and I have relatives in Mexico and they laughed at the accent and the stupid conversation the two latino actors were having . It was stupid . A Puerto-Rican accent ? , when the character in the movie was Mexican ? Makes no sence . The only character I liked was the Chaterine Zeta-Jones role . She was cool . I guess it was the pregancy thing . A pregnant lady who is desperate , who turns into a female Corleone was cool . That was it . But I hate it and I will hate any movie that is politcally correct . Hollywood should not be afraid to show the ugly side of all races , Black , White , Hispanic , Oreantal , and so on . It is real life and real life affects all races ... and that means drugs too affect all races .
 ... Traffic is a monstrous dissapointment . I hate this movie . It is just a preachy , campy film produced by user/losers of the Hollywood psuedo-elite who spend 23 hours a day trying to get drugs legalized so that they can get high without fear of being arrested . The film is incoherrent and has the feel of a classic cut and paste job . I could n't figure out what the heck was going on ...
 Why ? Why ? Why ? was this movie considered a great accomplishment and an in depth study on the war on drugs . This movie was nothing more than boring , and long , and I found myself dozing off here and there during it . The only interesting story was Douglas and his daughter , the mexican cop , and the druglord 's wife were boring and a waste of film . If the movie was about the czar and his daughter it may have earned at least 3 stars , and whats worse it 'll switch characters to characters like about every minute , so you ca n't keep up with it . A 3 hr waste of time even though it had one of the coolest lines when the actor from That 70 's Show and the czar 's daughter are on the bed smoking heroin . Whats even more disgusting this film won an Oscar . It 's trash like this that try to be groundbreaking and prove a point of some kind , but does nothing more than suck 3 hrs out of your life . Nauseating dribble
 Soderbergh is without doubt the most laughably overhyped director in the business right now . `` Traffic '' tells us absolutely nothing about the `` war on drugs '' that an intelligent , informed person did n't already know . Furthermore , Soderbergh 's acclaimed filmmaking techniques are all essentially `` borrowed '' from other directors who have used the same techniques to much better effect . At it 's core , `` Traffic '' is a completely hollow , completely commercial Hollywood-style movie which the director and studio designed to win the superlatives of the adoring critics and the Oscars committee . There 's nothing artistic or creative about any of Soderbergh 's work , except maybe in the most shallow sense . The cast of the upcoming `` Oceans 11 '' gives his game away anyway
 Very long primer on the War on Drugs . It 's long because director Steven Soderbergh feels he has to show us EVERYTHING . * Traffic * is three movies in one
 It 's nice to see Hollywood tackle a serious issue , and the Drug War is one of the most serious issues there is.Sadly , Traffic offers a distorted view of reality . Cocaine is presented here as an overwhelming , almost demonic force . Viewers might never guess that cocaine is actually very similar to alcohol , in that only a minority of users ever become addicts.Worse yet , Traffic seems overtly racist and insulting to Mexicans and African-Americans . The scene where the black drug dealer in the ghetto dopes up the rich white girl and has sex with her is like something out of Archie Bunker 's nightmares.Yet it 's all done with a gritty , raw style that is quite accomplished and impressive . It 's too bad this talent serves such mean ends .
 When I watched this it reminded me what I thought of The Assassin -LRB- Bridget Fonda -RRB- . In that case an absolute classic movie Nikita was destroyed with a mind numbing version for the US audience . It 's happened again here with Traffik becoming remade as Traffic . Traffic won all the awards and took all the money buy you owe it to yourself to watch Traffik , the original .
 What were the studios thinking when they designed this DVD ? It was like it was made in 1993 or something . I 've gone more exciting DVD title screens from movies I bought for $ 10.00 . Beside that the hoopla about Traffic was not at ALL warranted . The movie was WAY TOO LONG !!!!!! It was like someone got a hold of a bad movie of the week mini series and decided to put it in a feature film . The transparent efforts to make this movie `` artsy '' were a TOTAL waste and just made the movie look worse than it all ready did . This movie was truly unsurprising and I could have probably told you the end by the middle . It was TRULY a WASTE of my time . PLEASE DO N'T EVEN RENT THIS MOVIE !!! It will be a portion of your life you 'll never get back . It certainly depressed me ...
 Unfortunately , I had seen the British TraffiK which was great . I suppose if I could understand the language the American Traffic might have been OK , but I could n't really stay up with the subtitles . I think about 60 per cent was in Spanish . I need new glasses or a larger tv , or quick enough to hit the pause ... Oh , well , the British film spoiled me so I 'm a bit grouchy !
 This Movie Started off Good then turned to Trash half way through . Who ever believed Michael Douglas & Catherine Zeta in their roles ? After Don Cheadles partner gets killed the film gets boring very fast . Another Over Hyped Movie that should n't of won as many awards as it did .
 I just came from the cinema where I saw `` Traffic '' and I can honestly say it was the most un-entertaining film I have ever seen . It really , and truly is boring . `` Traffic '' tackles the issue of drug abuse by teens , international drug cartels , and drugs in upper class neighbourhoods in an unorganized manner . Uninteresting characters are played by uninteresting actors , the scenery is the same for the most part , and the entire film has a very noticable void ; originality . This is just your standard ` drug dealers playing with the cops ' movie . Nothing special about this one . The camera is always shaky , as if it was a camcorder you would buy at Walmart to shoot movies in your back yard , which adds to the lack of charm this movie had . During the scenes in Mexico , Spanish is spoken . That translates to about 3/4 of the entire movie , where the speech is delivered in Spanish . I did n't pay ... to read subtitles of mindless conversation for two hours . The bottom line is that the plot never takes off , the characters fail to develop , and the audience is left asking themselves where they parked the car . This is easily the worst film I have ever seen .
 Universal , for some reason , has elected to continue to produce these double sided disks that contains the Blu-ray movie on one side and the DVD on the flip-side . Why is it that Universal can not follow in Disney 's lead and release these movies as two disk sets . Disney has combo disks that contains the Blu ray and DVD version in the same release , but the DVD and Blu ray disks are on separate disks , utilizing single sided disks.I seriously do NOT recommend this item for purchase .
 In a movie where the plot goes absolutly no where , I am not one be a big fan . Although it did have a unique and interested look with the cinematography and the color symbolsim between American and Mexico was a very dramatic and interesting choice , I did not feel that this movie was worth any ones time . It was very dry and lacking in plot and acting . The story went absolutly nowhere ! This is the type of movie where I find myself being the annoying movie patron just to entertain myself for the extent of the filth on screen . In direction and cinematography I would give it 4 stars . However , because of it 's lack of anyting else I am forced to give it only one . Give me plot or give me death ! - The Justin B Scale of Overcriticalness
 This movie was horrible and very boring . There is no plot and the stories do not interact with each other . The first words out of my mouth when the movie was over were `` OH THANK GOD IT 'S OVER !!!!! '' Do not waste your money on this movie
 This movie is a WASTE of TIME and MONEY . I wanted to walk out of the theatre
 Compared to the British series of the same title this is a very bad rip off . The acting is of poor quality as well as the dialogue . I would not waste my dime on this , instead I would get the original .
 I was a little disapointed in the ending it just left the audience hanging . I thought the movie was somewhat boring , however it was very accurate in many ways and in many other areas it was very HOLLYWOOD . I understand the effect the director was trying to create , but the harsh lighting and colors combined with the way the movie was filmed just made it all the more difficult to focus on the movie . If you want to see a movie about the Mexican/American drug problem , you will be pleased to know this movie is more accurate than people think , but I 'm glad I did n't pay to see it at the movie theater . If you are curious about this movie , rent it so if you get too bored you can still turn it off and return it without wishing you had n't bought it .
 Traffic was a neat movie just because I live in Columbus , Oh and lived in Cincinnati , Oh . There are 3 stories going on in the movie , which eventually merge together , somewhat . I guess if you liked `` What lies beneth '' you will like this movie . But I think that the hype of 4 academy awards drew alot of people in to the theater , but Notice no academy awards for acting . Overall I am glad I did n't waste my time driving to a theater to see this film .
 I just did n't like this movie at all . I know it 's supposed to portray the problems with drugs in our society , but could it be any more boring ? I do n't know why Benicio del Torro won anything for his performance ... -LRB- he was better in `` The Way of the Gun '' -RRB- . I probably wo n't watch it ever again . Rent it first !
 I anxiously awaited seeing `` Traffic '' for this first time . I must say that it was a dissapointment . I keep waiting for the movie to pick up , but It never did . No climax or conclusion in the film what-so-ever . It drags along at the same pace , then bang , it 's already over . I do n't see why Benico Del toro was praised so much by critics for this movie . He must have only said 5 words of english in the whole thing . This film will sadly make you feel no emotional at all for any of the characters , though probably does accurately tell the drug problem in AMerica
 Having heard that this should have been the Best Picture winner for 2000 , I was extremely disappointed instead . The movie was long , dull and at times very predictable . However , the portions of the movie that featured Catherine Zeta Jones and Benicio Del Toro were decent . Benicio Del Toro 's Oscar was well deserved . The Michael Douglas portion was right out of any bad 80 's movie about the `` horrors of drug abuse '' . Forget about best picture honors , how the heck did it even get nominated ? As far as DVD 's go , this was pathetic . Rent it for curiosity , but do n't waste the money buying it .
 Yes-the acting was superb . Yes-it carried good messages-the war against drugs is hopeless , and if you get hooked on drugs your life is close to hopeless . It was too much of a documentary , though . There was n't anyone likeable in this movie , either . It came across to me as boring and depressing . I was n't riveted . It had it 's good points , but the hype surprises me . I wonder if it 's one of those movies everyone claims to like because everyone else claims to like it and if you say you do n't like it , you are considered a fool .
 A story of drug trafficking told in a refreshing format . In this film , the director sets the stage for brightly portraying a fast-moving convoluted tale of `` good guys '' -LRB- FBI , ATF , DEA et al -RRB- v. the `` bad guys , '' a competing pair of drug cartels in Mexico . The director should get five stars , but the film gets two stars because the plot is stale and the story seems to focus on image building of our Federal Agencies.This strikes me as a modern day knock-off of the TV series about the FBI , which ran in the 1950 's , starring Ephram Zimbalist Jr. . It was extremely popular back then , assuring the public they should fear no evil just so long as the FBI was in charge . It stayed that way until one day -LRB- long into the series -RRB- the public learned that each and every episode was personally approved by the Director of the FBI -- the man himself -- J. Edgar Hoover . If I recall correctly , it was said that Hoover actually hand picked Zimbalist Jr. , as the starring lead . Hello ... . since when do the feds control content?The cast is great , but I felt throughout that I was watching an infomercial that says kids do drugs because parents do n't care enough , but there is still hope thanks to our Federal Agencies . Give me a break ... . Please ?
 A tediously long film that is nothing more than an overhyped docu-drama . There 's nothing new in this movie that any moderately educated person would n't already know about the illegal drug market just by reading the paper or watching the news . Furthermore , after reading such articles or watching such documentaries , one will find this film to portray caricatures more than real characters in a stereotypical Hollywood fashion . The characters are as dull as their unimaginative script.So , in the end one must ask
 I am so glad I rented this move instead of just buying it.I felt like I was reading a book , not watching an award winning movie.The coloring of yellows and blues through out the movie were an eye annoyance.The characters were unreal and showed no or little emotion for something as large as drug trafficking and teen / family usage.I think the movie had a good plot idea but needless to say was played out very poorly.I had to struggle to stay awake and I kept telling my self it would get better ... but never did .
 No plot , too many undeveloped characters with inexplicable behavior . The straight A , upper middle class daughter with everything going for her starts doing hard drugs for no apparent reason . The six month pregnant , soccer mom -LRB- Zeta-Jones -RRB- who knows nothing about her husband 's drug trafficking activities , suddenly becomes a drug king pin and a `` killa '' after her husband gets arrested ! Huh ? This movie qualifies as a two hour Public Service Announcement against drugs , nothing more . Four Oscars fully undeserved .
 Who pulled the wool over our eyes ? As a people , we have been bamboozled , we have been hornswaggled , into believing in a horrible fallacy , a lie so big even the Nazis would quake in awe . I 'm not talking about our electoral process . I 'm not talking about the constant misinterpretation of the Second Amendment , or the belief that whites are somehow superior to all other races . But who in the hell told us that `` Traffic '' was a good movie ? So what do we have here , we have like eighteen different intertwining stories that all mesh into a web of cocaine-encrusted celluloid . For starters , we 've got Michael Douglas as Bob Wakefield , the brand-new head of the United States Drug Prevention Initiative Policy Blah Blah Blah . Hole Number One . No head of drug prevention in these United States would be as absolutely clueless as Judge Wakefield . Oh yeah , he 's a judge ! The guy has no idea how drug trafficking works , does n't know any of the statistics or the ins and outs of the drug trade in America , and he 's the most qualified for the job ? Forget it . Okay . So his daughter is on crack . Did I mention that ? His daughter is a bonafide crack addict . No pot , barely any booze , straight to the premium
 First things first
 I absoultley hated this movie ! Its was boring , very very boring . I am still puzzeled as to why this movie won so many Oscars . One of my friends picked this movie , and we still have n't let him down for picking such a terrible movie . I envy those who have n't seen this .
 I went to this movie thinking it would be more of an action packed thriller dealing with the drug smuggling problem of the US . My first surprise was that this movie has 3 plots intertwined together and all jumbled flowing from one into the next with seemingly no connection at all besides of course the drug &#65533; issue . &#65533; As if this wasn &#65533; t confusing enough , the movie ended basically in the middle of all three story lines . The action in this movie was dull at best and the graphic scenes of teenagers doing drugs made it very disturbing . I finished the movie wishing I had never seen it and felt as if it was a waste of time .
 How sickeningly contrived and preachy can a film be ?
 I was expecting a masterpiece with all hype about Traffic . When I rented the DVD I realized I ca n't truse the general public . The whole plot taking place in America was very missleading and innacurate . What was depicted is not a good representation of American youths who are involved in the drug scene . It 's on the borderline of a modern day Reefer Madness . I felt like I was watching a long , badly edited evening news . I would have been much happier just watching the Mexico plotline .
 Traffic proves conclusively that the `` the war on drugs '' is alive and well and playing at a theater near you . This stunning artistic achievement has been endorsed by members of the US senate , the motion picture academy and the nation 's movie critics . What more validating acclaim do you need to see this film over and over , and believe everything that it puts forth ? Well , I 'll give you some more reasons to believe
 The movie , as it is , was pretty decent . Most of it will seem familiar to people who have taken in such classics as the French Connection and Scarface -LRB- Al Pacino , not the really old one -RRB- , and the movie offers little that 's new to the mix . The acting is very strong from everyone involved , but sometimes the movie jumped too quickly from each of the different stories and characters leaving me a little confused , especially with Del Toro 's Mexican setting , where the plot seemed pretty intricate and complicated . Still , I ca n't fault the movie too badly . This review is more about the DVD , which is inexcusably poor . The picture and sound are sharp , but the fact is , this is the first of at least two DVDs . The next one will no doubt be a Special Edition of some sort , featuring commentary and deleted scenes , interviews , etc. . This edition has almost nothing in those areas , so why waste your money ? A far superior edition is no doubt a few months away , I would n't even be surprised to see it by this holiday season , although if not then , no doubt soon after . Save your money , rent this DVD , buy the next one . Mark my words , studios do this all the time , and Soderbergh is too busy on his current movie , Ocean 's Eleven , to supervise the creation of the special edition of this DVD right now , so expect it after Ocean 's Eleven wraps .
 It 's the same arrogance that led to a plethora of dull , uninspired , pretentious 12 minute ` concept ' songs in the 1970s that is behind this style of film.Traffic has everything
 Easily the most overrated film of this year , TRAFFIC is just another movie with a made-for-tv plot . Obviously , there 's a bunch of people who think they 're really `` liberal '' for liking this film , but the movie does n't go far enough . Soderbergh , a hack who was simply hired to direct the film , has no ideas on drug politics and hence his silence on such issues . To add further insult , he even allowed the Drug Enforcement Agency to re-write certain scenes in order to gain access to certain locations on which he filmed.What more , the film does n't address the fact that the war on drugs is really a war against poor people . The effects that drugs have had on Black and Latino communities are ignored while the film shows us that it only becomes an issue when it affects the White suburban kids . The films weakest part involves Michael Douglas -LRB- the biggest hypocrite who was doing plenty of coke with Nicholson back in the glory days when he could get away with cheating on wife -RRB- and his daughter who becomes addicted to heroin . In addition , it wants us to believe that marijuana leads to harder drug abuse . This is the type of thing -LRB- Reefer Madness anyone ? -RRB- that has been dismissed for a few decades now.Legalization ? Not even discussed in the film . To add to the films dubious nature , there are several cameos from politicians . Do we need politicians trying to play movie star ? Let 's vote these creeps out of office if there going to be hypocrites about the drug issue.Just because the film may touch on a few truths , in the end it 's an extrememly conservative film . All the bad guys are Mexicans , all the good -LRB- or morally disturbed -RRB- characters are the Americans and the rich should look out for themselves while we leave it to the minorities to fight it out amongst themselves . That 's the film in a nutshell . Do n't let the media fool you.I did n't even get to the fact that the film is logically incoherent ... or to the bad acting of Catherine Zeta-Jones ... boy , is this one bad movie .
 Unfortunately I went to see this film in the theatre . It had potential but halfway through the movie we are to believe that Zeta Jones turns from naive house wife into a street smart , tough negotiator with a drug cartel . Come on ! The acting was good but it never kept my attention . I guess it was suppose to show how drugs affect everyone in our society . The message was delivered but boring none the less .
 This was the worst movie I have seen in a long time . The cinematography was awful . -LRB- Switching from brownish/orange filter during scenes in Mexico , and Blue filter while on Micheal Douglas -RRB- This movie had potential , but it had too many characters to keep up with , and Katherine Zeta Jones turned from an innocent `` soccer mom '' to a cut-throat drug trafficing killer within 2 minutes . I just do n't understand what all of rants and raves were about . I have seen better made for TV movies on Lifetime channel.If you want a long dry movie , this is the one for you .
 This pointless drivel nearly spoiled my whole evening . God only knows how angry I 'd have been if I had gone , in my car , to a cinema to watch it , instead of renting it . And if I 'd taken someone I liked ???? ... the mind boggled.Isn ' t it obvious to everyone that this kind of stuff wo n't wash ? They were still making movies about the Cold War when that great non-event was long over . Jack Lemmon once appeared in a film about `` Hippies '' . Someone will always bring these things to us I suppose.Watching Michael Douglas burn his books like this made me want to do the Nazi salute at him . How can he agree to do such a deeply ignorant film ? Is he so short of cash ?
 The people who have given this film three stars or less have said pretty much everything I 'd want to say -LRB- `` safe , '' `` condescending , '' `` mediocre , '' etc. -RRB- -- I 'd just like to add that there 's something REALLY self-important about the way the U.S. consume `` issue movies . '' This was the dominant feeling I was left with , coming out of the theatre -- if something has flickered in the front pages of American newspapers long enough to leave some sort of vague impression in the brains of the masses , they 'll love having it all laid out for them , thought out for them , and put in a self-flattering perspective in a movie -- which is all TRAFFIC does , re
 WTH ?? What in the world is wrong with you people ? What is there to like about this `` movie '' -LRB- this monstrosity does n't even deserve that title -RRB- Traffic does nothing more than bore , depress , and thoroughly annoy . Michael Douglas is a great actor , did they build a freakin ' robot that looks like him , who has no expression -LRB- besides coldness -RRB- , goes from one official building to the next and mumbles and nods to some officials ? That was his role thru this entire movie . No more . And his piece of trash daughter going from a typical , casual drug addict to a ... in a week and then pissing and moaning at an AA meeting a week later ? Sure , sure . Are we supposed to feel sympathy for her now ? I wished her dad would have just disowned her and let her descend into hell . And the La Jolla segement in San diego -- I 'm laughing . HA HA . So Don Cheadle 's partner is iced , his key witness iced , and he WALKS into the San Diego drug lords home , past the guards , creates a scene , and manages to plant a bug under a table ? THAT 'S how they ended it ? Christ , I 'm all for viewers ' interpretation and imagination , but a BUG ? There 's no way to even contemplate what the outcome of that segment would be . Maybe the bug picked up sounds of Catherine Zeta-Jones and her druggie husband getting it on in the bedroom . Maybe someone found it and ripped it out and smiled about how smart they were . Do we care ? Catherine Zeta-Jones ' character was loathsome and paper-thin . She 's a rich yuppie who 's made out to be a caring , naive , loving mother , who after her drug lord hubbie 's arrest , becomes a conniving , ruthless , murderous , drug-dealing witch for no other reason than to keep her fat , rich lifestyle ? Why would she even care about her husband ? It just goes to show you how pathetic and cruel congenitally wealthy people are . The only redeeming part of the movie was the segment shot in Mexico , with a yellow , grainy look . That and the subtitles made those scenes feel really genuine . Benecio del Toro does a good job as the honest cop , who is the only hero in this movie and you feel his pain as he is caught between the U.S and Mexico drug cartels.Also , this is the only segement in the movie with a believable conclusion ! But the ending of the film -- did I miss something ? No , no , no . Actually the ending was perfect . I needed to return the video in ten minutes or I would be charged another $ 4.00 ! So there was the cop , watching the baseball game , and the movie ended ! Sweet ! The hype is misplaced , the Oscars are unwarranted , the characters are loathsome , the three parts of the movie are hopelessly disconnected , and the basic message is , `` the drug war can not be won , its hopeless , so lets just wait for superman to come flying along and make it all better '' -LRB- Two stars only for the nicely contrasting visuals and the different camera angles -RRB- ** My personal opinion on drug addicts
 Do not waste your hard-earned money on this DVD that does n't have any in-depth extras - no narration track , documentary , or deleted scenes .
 My streak continues ... If critics like it , I hate it . This movie has been hyped by the media because it is politcally correct . The entertainment value of this movie is zero . I got bored throughout and probably would have left if I was not with a group of people . Come to find out we all thought the movie was a waste of money .
 the only sense that could be made of this movie was it is about drugs ten minutes into the movie you need some to sit through this film
 Does n't so Okinawa like a local would see it . Sohows it like a tourist with no local knowledge would . He just took a ravel book and camera and filmed what it said he should do in a book . Complete rubbish
 It was more like a nature video with stupid jokes . I saw more of the his family than Okinawa .
 The One World Studios burst on the scene with the unforgettable `` Choppertown , The Sinners '' and followed up with the documentary about obsessive Triumph builder/Rider Meatball in the equally excellent `` Brittown '' documentary . Since then their output has been self-serving and self-centered video diaries that do n't even come close to the magic found in `` Choppertown '' and `` Brittown '' . `` The Harbortown Bobber '' had some interesting moments but overall it lacked what their previous two films had in abundance . Then we come to the fiasco that is `` One World Tour '' . It seems to focus more on the partying of the two filmakers and not enough on the bikes or the interesting folk that build and ride them . Europe is a huge piece of the world and OWT does not do it justice . THey try to do way too much in this film and the intimate portraits of personality that were found in their first two pieces is lost . FAce it fellas , Rico , Kutty , Jason , Jimmy , and Meatball you ai n't . Stay behind the camera where you belong . We are sick of seeing your faces . You raised the bar up high with `` Choppertown '' and `` Brittown '' and so far you have n't come close to it again . Boring !
 The movie was very poor quality in black and white . There was no sound track ... the only sound was static . We were unable to watch it .
 This is an episodic film that touches on important moments in Lincoln 's life . The acting is stilted , script very disappointing -LRB- especially since written by Stephen Vincent Benet -RRB- . Sound is iffy -LRB- at times the film inexplicably goes silent , even when actors are moving their lips . Overall , I would not recommend this film .
 Abraham LincolnThis is the last movie I will try to `` rent '' from Amazon . It never would download . It is probably an excellent portrayal by a great actor but I would n't know .
 Yeah.I had this DVD/but the video transfer is the old 1.33 Pan and scan transfer.When Sony pictures finally does a proper 16x9 anamorphic transfer.Then and only then i `` ll RE-invest in this film.This DVD is a rip off . !!!!!!!
 I am one who loves The Principal , and want it in the Widescreen 1.85:1 16x9 format , rather than the so-called Full Screen 1.33 4x3 format this current release is . I say so-called , as most all sets now are widescreen . Ask anyone under 30 and they may not even remember what a non-widescreen set even looks like . So , it strikes me as comical how a ` Fullscreen ' version really is n't - on a modern TV.That said , I am just waiting . I can accept The Principal on Standard DVD but not 1.33:1 4x3 format . No . Similar movies -LRB- well , similar to me at-least -RRB- such as Dangerous Minds , and The Substitute are both released and available in 1.85:1 16x9 formats . I may pick them up , but I want The Principal much more than those alternatives . I only recalled the other two when The Principal 's product page listed those under '' ... Customers Ultimately Buy After Viewing ... `` If ` they ' are holding the 1.85:1 16x9 version for Blu-Ray release , OK . Either way , only interested in The Principal in 1.85:1 16x9 format , Please .
 this is the worse thing . the video itself was probably decent but on this venue it was terrible i was not happy with this at all
 I do not like it , when I place the order , you do not say it is in Korean and when play it , there is no sound when people talk to each other.but do have the background music .
 This review does not deal on the Fred Niblo film which is a classic of all times but it refers to this AWFUL copy . This 1925-BEN HUR deserved a much better DVD treatment . This is an Asian copy from a TV channel since you even get the channel logo in some scenes ! It 's simply awful ! The copy is FAR from being DVD quality
 In 1925 , Fred Niblo -LRB- and other directors -RRB- created several moments in BEN-HUR
 It 's a smart-aleck parody of private-eye movies , but it knows as little about private eyes as it does about parodies , and movies . It 's the kind of experience where you sit in stunned silence , looking at the screen , knowing that even the actors can hardly be blamed , since if they had been allowed to improvise almost anything that came into their heads , it would have been better than the dialogue they 're given.Horrible movies like this sometimes have a chance of working , in a perverse way , if they bring energy and style to the screen . We will never know , alas , whether energy and style could have saved this one . It 's an expensive professional version of the kind of inane spoofs that college students sometimes try to shoot on video - movies where the big thrill is seeing your pals in costume . The movie 's so bad , there is n't even anyone in it who knows how to smoke . The hero , a private eye named Vince -LRB- Dylan McDermott -RRB- , plays every scene with an unfiltered cigarette stuck in his mouth , and yet he does n't come across as a chain-smoker , he comes across as a non-smoker who detests having this smelly thing under his nose.Vince is broke , so he accepts an assignment from the IRS , which takes him to Diablo , a town in a mythical Central American republic where a dragon lady -LRB- Jessica Harper -RRB- launders crooked money in her bank . The other players in this banana republic -LRB- none of them apparently Latinos -RRB- include James Russo as Reno , the local hoodlum , and Pamela Gidley as Dakota , who runs the saloon . The IRS agents , who follow Vince south , are played by Dean Stockwell , wearing thick glasses and a neck brace , and Tovah Feldshuh , who has evidently been spending a lot of time pumping iron lately and wants us to know it.What happens in Diablo will be familiar to any regular viewer of the late movie on the cable station from hell . You know the one . That mystery station on your cable service that seems to show up in the unassigned gaps between the regular channels . The one with no name , no IDs , no number and no call letters , that always seems to be showing movies that apparently do not exist . In those movies , as in this one , people drive around in old cars , shoot at each other and say things like `` I 've got 15 men out there ! '' The plots always involve coffins full of foreign currency , guys with moustaches , women with garter belts , and a voice-over narration in which the hero does a cynical whine.I have no idea why this movie was made . I have no notions of what the actors in it thought they were doing . I have no clues as to whether the writer-director , John Lafia , thought it was funny . I do not know why Paramount released it . I do know that they say if an iguana loses its tail , it can grow another one . I do not know , however , if that is true . Would n't you think that in a movie named `` The Blue Iguana , '' in which nothing of interest happens for 90 minutes , they 'd at least answer a few fundamental questions about iguanas ? But the only iguana in this movie is a cigarette lighter .
 As expected the stories are pretty bad and some of the acting is downright terrible ... but for $ 2.99 it served as a good distraction .
 Nothing I have n't seen before ! Deadtime Stories was like watching Tales from the Cyrpt , but on a more limited budget .
 `` Flesh and Bone '' earns two stars only because of the acting brilliance of Gwyneth Paltrow . She is thoroughly believable as Ginnie , a poorly educated girl-woman who even steals from corpses awaiting burial . Ginnie has a serious alcohol dependency problem , and seeks love and companionship from the much older Roy Sweeney -LRB- James Cann -RRB- . Unfortunately , Paltrow has only has a supporting role in this mess of a movie . The other marquee named cast members include both Dennis Quaid and Meg Ryan . Why did they involve themselves in `` Flesh and Bone ? '' Paltrow at least had an excuse because her career was in its early stages eight years ago . One can only assume that Cann wanted the challenge to portray someone totally manipulative and despicable . Cann 's intentions may have been noble , but in the future he need n't be so lackadaisical and careless in his actual choices.The story line revolves around the peculiar family values embraced by Roy and his son Arlis -LRB- Quaid -RRB- . At the very beginning , we witness Roy wiping out a family so as not to leave behind any witnesses and `` loose ends . '' A very young boy is even deliberately slaughtered by the father . Arlis is exhorted to always remain loyal to his immediate family regardless of their violent misdeeds . Blood is supposedly more important than adhering to the standard moral norms of compassion and honesty . Quaid 's character is far too normal and decent . In real life , it is far likelier that an Arlis would be just as psychopathic as his primary parental role model . Meg Ryan as Kay is also never for a moment convincing as an adult woman of a proverbial white trash background . She fails completely to hide her upper middle class diction . The Director Steven Kloves apparently thought that Ryan 's authenticity would be unquestioned if she merely left her hair uncombed . He was egregiously wrong , and the audience had to suffer the consequences . Kloves had so much talent to work with , and yet accomplished so little . The movie 's pace slowed to the point where personal self discipline was required to sit through `` Flesh and Bone '' until its banal conclusion.Gwyneth Paltrow fans should make sure `` Flesh and Bone '' is in their collection . All others , however , should not waste their precious time watching this far less than successful attempt at serious film making .
 I do n't know the connection between the girl at the old farm house and the young cowboy
 Why are people saying this movie is a thriller ? It was so boring and pointless I had to make myself stay and watch it to the end . I 'm not going to waste my time and write a detailed account of the movie . I 'll just say that it was VERY dissapointing and Gwenyth Paltrow -LRB- or however you spell it -RRB- is UGLY and OVERRATED !
 With such heavy-hitting box office names like Meg Ryan , Gwyneth Paltrow , James Caan , and Dennis Quaid , you would think this would be a winner , right ? Wrong ! This movie is all about unbearably exaggerated southern accents , dysfunction with a capital `` D '' , and murder . It has no real direction or point , and the ending is senseless . What a waste !
 Director Steve Kloves manages to make Texas look both gorgeous and desolate . Thomas Newman 's score is haunting and evocative ; Dennis Quaid , James Caan , Meg Ryan and Gwyneth Paltrow offer complex , fleshed out performances . What destroys the film in my opinion is its listless pandering , its inability to focus on the truth of the issues and its ambiguous and unfulfilled ending . FLESH AND BONE also pulls a big coincidence that manages to be both improbable and unbelievable . Kloves `` twist '' is predictable from the moment Meg Ryan appears on the screen , and the inevitable confrontation between Quaid and Caan is also telegraphed a mile away . In spite of its good performances and atmospheric direction , FLESH AND BONES is empty and pointless .
 We went and saw this movie at a special showing at the theatre and i have to say it was not that great . i feel it was way to predictable . for a low budhet movie it was not horrible could have spent a little more time on it .
 This movie is so bad that even grocery store rental kiosks are not carrying it let alone most every other conceivable distribution source . Usual markers of bad - low quality echo like sound quality ; no subtitles ; cheap foreboding same few piano notes to enhance whatever tension might occur except that that consists of a few Halloween store bought knife in the chest props . Settings consist of a couple of houses and some high school that was appropriate given the high school drama class level of acting . Highly improbable storyline of parents trying to kill off young son for the money . Parents try altering the wiring in the wall light switch which was dumb because it would n't do anything but throw the breaker - bad science . Son finds bills stamped in large red letters that say overdue - they do n't come that way . He also finds an insurance policy on him in font so large it must have written for someone with 20/200 vision . He then gives his parents a tablespoon each of powdered rat poison from which they immediately start frothing and die . Does n't happen ; at their masses with that amount it would take days with probably little long term effect.Movie was good for testing the ff button on the remote .
 I absolutely laughed outloud at one of the other reviews who went on and on about the `` direction , acting , blah , blah , blah '' about this movie . This movie -- and I use that term VERY LOOSELY -- has to be one of the worst ever made . SIDE NOTE TO THE CASTING PERSON
 I would not call this documentary controversial . I would , however , call it ridiculous . As a White man in a constantly changing country , I can only imagine his discomfort with the implications of his past and how it informs the present . It 's still not an excuse to waste your time making a movie about something you have not educated yourself on . Asking uneducated homeless people to define something that scholars argue about daily -LRB- because this `` stuff '' is alive and morphing as time passes -RRB- is unfair and pregnant with bias -LRB- and a need to shake off any personal responsibility for ensuring our society becomes a full on melting pot ... instead of the heterogeneous salad of cultures sharing a bowl -RRB- . Furthermore , making people look silly then claiming it was n't his intention when he is a director is preposterous . One , he insults the intelligence of his viewers . Two , if he has no control over the tone of his content , then what/why exactly is he DIRECTing?I have a VERY open mind when it comes to sociology and social psychology , but the entire movie felt very give-me-a-breaky . It seemed like the director was desperate to discredit the notion of racism in this country , but did n't know enough about it do anything more than make Black people -LRB- and some White people -RRB- look silly . I wonder if I would have been interviewed for this joke show if my thoughts an explanations would have made the final cut . Considering his directional choices , I doubt it.This movie is worse than a waste of resources . It 's detrimental to the thinking of uneducated people looking for an excuse to cast aside the implications of how our national dynamic as built.It 's one of those movies that you have to take with a grain of salt .
 This documentary disappointed me . It was a great idea poorly executed and I can only believe that either the filmmaker is inexperienced or more inclined to spin the topic of race and not really delve into what it really is . He goes about taking a small pool of people and then pointing out to the biases and inaccuracies regarding the term racism and what it really means , which is a very interesting topic that really needs to be discussed , to simply deconstructing the term without telling you what racism really is . Its meant to leave you believing that racism does n't really exist and that its some social construct designed to hoodwink everyone that it exists in the world . If he were serious he would research how the notion of race was constructed to begin with and then analyze the idea of what racism IS and then what it IS N'T . People are confused about what racism really is , this is true and there were some points he highlighted that really nailed this point to the wall but its as if he had one simple goal and that was to prove that white people are unfairly perceived as racist and because of this are now not allowed the privileges of minorities like having their own advocacy groups . He 's very intent to hone into this last point . I did some research to see what other films Craig Boedeker had produced and some background information in general and could n't find anything outside of the site for his film and a mention of him on St ** m Fr ** nt , the white racist organization inviting their members to go see a screening at a church called The Abundant Life fellowship , the same link showed a promotion for David Duke for President in 2010 . Go figure.It was an interesting topic but a missed opportunity driven by an obvious bias , some of his points are incredibly valid and point to how political correctness can interfere with critical thinking , on the other hand his failure to broaden the topic to encompass what racism is as well as what it is n't and how PC tools inhibit discussion on race and how Caucasians are wrongly perceived as racist by nature -LRB- a notion he also fails to explore -RRB- , or how other races depict racism to whom and why , he fails to really explore the topic or find any deeper layers on the subject .
 Tom Welles , played by Nicolas Cage , is a private detective sucked into a web of darkness , involving murder and pornography . He becomes enthralled in his case , and battles the antagonists . Cage was once one of my favorite actors , but his monotonous inflection and halting style have lost me.From the beginning , it 's easy to hate Catherine Keener 's character , Tom Wells ' wife . She 's less than understanding , dispoassionate , and unsupportive.Jenny Powell plays the victim 's mother and does a brillant job . Oddly , she 's only appeared in two movies ever -LRB- according to imdb , anyway -RRB- . Like a tiara on a pig , it 's just awkward and does nothing to improve its surroundings . James Gandolfini method acts his way through a supporting role , but unfortunately the film is n't saved by Powell 's and Gandolfini 's notable efforts.It 's hard to identify with any of the characters , though the story is sometimes engaging . The uninspired direction leaves what might have been an interesting story hanging out to dry , and I can only blame the marginal execution of Cage as the hero.The video is a little dark , but subtly toned . The music selection absolutely miserable -- to the point of being distrcacting , though the dialog and special audio effects are well produced and vivid .
 This over-rated , if not cheesy , film left the same bad taste in my mouth that HACKERS and AMERICAN HISTORY X did . In both cases the filmmakers exploited something that they obviously did not know much about in the first place -LRB- the hacker and skinhead subcultures , respectively -RRB- . That 's what I did n't like about those movies and it 's what I do n't like about this movie . It 's a glossy pseudo-sad -LRB- the ending is pathetic -RRB- movie that uses stereotypes of the porno industry to tug at heart strings . Also , Nicholas Cage suffers from extreme over-acting the entire time . I would have given this negative stars but that just is n't possible .
 Instead of a dogged P.I. bringing some sleazy pornographers up to his level , Cage 's character wallows in the mire as he investigates the snuff film . What , we can not see the snuff film , but we can watch murder by crossbow and pistol-whipping ? Starts out well , but quickly nosedives .
 Frankly speaking it is a totally boring movie and so is Nicolas Cage !! The contents and actings are plain , not worth it . If asking me to watch any other Nicolas 's movies , the answer surely is NO THANKS !
 I usually like a psychological thriller . This movie was psychological in the sense that it made you insane not being able to find the `` off '' button quickly enough . But I did not use this wise escape . I kept watching , thinking that there has to be some point at which this horrifyingly bad film would get at least a little better . The credits rolled after what seemed like an eternity in hell , though I think that would be preferable to watching this film again . To think that someone sat down and wrote out this idea and thought it was good enough to write a full treatment for . Then found people who also thought it was good enough to commission a script for it.Then found people to create it , back it , promote it , act in it . What blows me away is that there were actors who were totally bummed that they did not get cast . I 'll bet they are glad now . Thank God that Joaquim Phoenix was in it . At least he was good in a role that lent itself to nothing beneficial . -LRB- I 'll bet he does not even list this one on his resume . -RRB- Bottom line , I have had to seriously consider suing the director , producers and production company in order to feel redemption for the -LRB- minimum of . . -RRB- 1.5 hours of my life that I lost watching this godforsaken piece . I actually think that I am a worse person for having seen it .
 Joel Schumacher , the mind behind such hits as `` Tigerland , '' `` A Time to Kill , '' and the upcoming `` Chasing the Dragon -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , '' was also the mind behind this -LSB- movie -RSB- . I know , it 's rather hard to believe -- disappointing even . For all the hype and shock value that this film managed to generate , I was expecting more . In fact , as the film went on , I was hoping for more -- praying for it . `` Snuff Really Does Exists , '' would have been an appropriate title for this film , because although this film shows the audience the outskirts of the snuff world , it is too afraid to really take the audience inside of it . Instead , it relies on the shock value -- hoping the shock will keep the audience interested . However , shock value only works when the audience can relate to the world it is applied to . Films that do this well are `` Kids , '' `` Requiem for a Dream , '' and `` Pulp Fiction . `` Overall , this was a great concept and could have been a great film if the audience would have really been taken into the snuff world , and expereinced it like Nick Cage 's charcater should have . Instead , the audience was relegated to the role of nosey spectators , watching the weird things their strange neighbors are into , from a distant bedroom window .
 This movie did n't even feel like it was trying to engage the viewer . I sat through the whole thing but just kept wondering if it was me or if the movie that was the problem . Afterwards , all of us who watched it talked and realized that , unbelievably , the director who had pulled off Se7en , had not been able to pull off THIS unappealing subject in movie format .
 This movie shocked me with the amount of perversion . I am truely disappointed that Cage would be in a movie this ... . I do n't mind sex or murder . But the sex for murder is just sick . I pray that some crazy out there does n't get any ideas !!!!
 First Snake Eyes and now this . It is not as horrible as the critics made it out to be , but is not up to the standard of many of his old movies . Watch Face Off , The Rock , Leaving Las Vegas , and Raising Arizona instead .
 A sick and disturbing film that actually is slow in places . I considered turning it off several times , but stuck it out to the anticlimatic end . My wife did n't watch it , but hearing the soundtrack from the next room upset her .
 I 've read reviews saying this is the most daring movie of 1999 but come on people just because it deals with a disturbing subject does n't mean it 's a daring film . Nick Cage 's character was a brown nosed wimp who had Hollywood textbook reactions to everyone and everything . I do n't even know why the writer had this character carrying a gun considering how scared and involuntary he was of using it , some pepper spray or a big `` HELP '' sign would have suited him better.If you want a story about a great PI then I suggested you refrain from buying or renting this movie and pick up a book from Robert B Parker 's Spencer series . Read anything with Spencer in it then you 'll be able to compare what a naive wimp Cage 's character is .
 This movie was alright but Nicholas Cage did n't seem interested in anything . I just wanted to let people know that there really are n't `` snuff '' films . Most people would n't film the murder of someone , and then sell it . It would be too easy to track down the person who made it . Some deranged people videotape the torture of someone , but rarely does the actual murder rake place on film . I just wanted to let some of your minds at rest . One more thing , the Faces of Death videos are not snuff , and anyways , most of the clips are faked . There are n't usually multiple angles on things like that that are real .
 This film is about the fakest snuff ever seen . I have n't laughed this hard at mock depravity since I saw an Insane Clown Posse music video.If the acting was any worse , I 'd want them to kill me.However , what it lacks in conviction , emotion , articulation , and sincerity , it does manage to be stylish.But seriously - likening the whole SM scene to crazed murderers is really not fair . It 's just more garbage pumped out to sustain a stereotype.This is not disturbing . If you think it is , you have n't seen much . Go rent `` Ilsa , she wolf of the SS , '' and then tell me this is disturbing . Rebeca on Sunnybrook Farm scared me more than this did . Barney and friends made me quiver in fear , this only put me to sleep.Something with substance , such as American Beuaty , Titus , or Magnolia should be garnering attention . This pretentious poof should be forgotten.Unless of course you 're into mental slumming .
 this may be the worst movie i have ever been subjected to . its only positive function is to serve as a fine starting point whenever one compiles a list of the all time worst . while many people deride its `` unsavory subject matter '' , i simply found said subjects boring . while no one can doubt the ferocity of nick cages awfulness his agents usually have the foresight to surround him with somewhat passable actors . for instance , in con air , that atrocity of a movie script was saved by interesting roles played by buscemi and malkovich , and they alone made it into the marginally acceptable offering that it is/was . could the supporting cast have been worse in this film ? aside from a somewhat believeable joquian fenix , this cast was an affront to all learned beings . roughly half way through nick cages `` emotional and dramatic '' conversation with the snuffed girls mom , my parrot , who was in the room , opened the door to its cage and plummeted 8 feet to the tile floor . i completely understood its motivations , while not condoning its actions . while i was momentarily saddened by its untimely suicide , when that guy started tongueing the pistol at the end of the movie i realized the bird was in a better place . i do suggest to you rent this movie however so that you can once and for all realize how shockingly bad Cage is , then maybe people will quit supporting his movies and he will go back to working for UPS .
 This was the weekend of Potentially Great Movies , and Joel Schumacher 's dip into the world of the infamous `` snuff '' film tops the list . It could have been an astounding movie , had it tried a little harder to break some barriers down -LRB- and had Nicholas Cage 's role been better cast -- Cage just does n't play a guy slowly having a nervous breakdown well -RRB- and been a little more subtle in its approach . As it was , it was a little too gratuitous , a little too exaggerated , and a little too detached . Which is too bad , because in the places where it shines , it really does shine .
 The story really did have potential as well as the good actors involved , but Schumacher made it just another superficial `` hollywood blockbuster . '' The subject matter is very dark , but the director did n't really use that to create a mood to the film . There was potential , but the results are very dissapointing .
 My rating of this movie is really zero stars . The synopsis on the back cover of this movie in no way prepared me for the journey into the world of those who find extreme graphic violence erotic . Even the edited scenes of the anonymous young girl who was butchered and murdered on film to fulfil a sick , twisted and perverted man 's sexual fantasy were more information than I needed or wanted to know . I 'm sorry I rented this movie !
 very bad film
 Nicholas Cage acted super but it was very discusstin
 I still remember waiting for this one to come to the theatre . First of all , the previews gave no suggestion as to what the viewer was in for . When I finally saw it , I was disappointed as the story topics and images were so disturbing and graphic , it was hardly entertaining and definitely unenjoyable . I am a Nicolas Cage fan but he couldnt save this one . The whole idea of his going undercover as a lover of deviant and illegal pornographic film to solve a case is a little much to believe . Especially when he has a wife and child at home . It reminded me of how Al Pacino 's character in `` Cruising '' , went undercover as a frequenter of low-life , s & m , gay bars to catch a murderer of homosexuals . Who would volunteer to do that ? Cage 's character becomes obsessed and mentally disturbed by everything he sees but ultimately solves the case . The tone is set with the scene where Cage first views the `` snuff '' film of the murder . The way he reacts to it is how you will probably react to most of the movie , Shocked and sickened . The story is unpleasant and by the time the climax arrives , you 'll probably be as numb as Cage 's character . It 's an experience all right , but not a good one .
 This is one of the first DVD 's I 've rented . The DVD quality is fine , but no matter what source of video is displayed the story comes first ! What starts off as an interesting puzzle to be solved by P.I. Cage , ends in an absurd sequence of violence and death that I did n't buy for a second . The relative ease with which Cage finds clues is ridiculous -LRB- The diary for instance -RRB- . As with `` Snake Eyes , '' a good 30 minutes , but then the rest of the movie bombs . Cage 's acting is also not the greatest AGAIN . His intensity seems so acted and not real . Perhaps the academy should reconsider his award !
 From the man who ruined the Batman series comes another waste of time . Nicholas Cage contributes heavily to the awful stench that permeates from 8MM with his dramatic over acting and stiffness . 8MM tires its hardest to be dark , edgy , and surprising , but fails at all three . Luckily , Joel Schumacher decides to explain the entire movie to you at the end with his character `` Machine '' giving you the entire synopsis behind his mischief , much like a James Bond villain . If you enjoy abusing yourself with obnoxious and tiresome movies , then 8MM is definitely for you . However , if you like movies that are entertaining and have a redeeming quality , stay away from 8MM .
 This could 've been a deep and disturbing descent into the alleged world of snuff films ; instead , it is undercut by incompetence at every turn . To begin with , you can not just go into a porn store and ask about snuff films expecting to get a lead on some `` hot stuff . '' I also thought it was totally unbelievable that a private investigator -LRB- played by Cage -RRB- would be so completely shocked by viewing such a film -- where does he work , Mr. Rogers ' Neighborhood ? And why he was n't killed by the bad guys early on is beyond me . It degenerates into a vigilant revenge drama with a poorly-shot chase scene at the end . A very unsatisfying film .
 One star , not because `` 8mm '' was poorly directed or had poor acting - it was not and did not . Not because the subject matter was not based in reality , because it was . Not because it was not suspenseful or even scary , because it certainly was that as well . But one star because this movie is devoid of any redeeming value whatsoever , and because of the powerfully negative effect it has had on its viewers . The logical sequel to a movie this dark and disturbing would be `` Secrets of the Medieval Torture Chambers . `` I do n't buy the justification that `` this is just another realistic reminder of what evil men are capable of doing to innocent people . '' That 's what `` 60 Minutes '' and `` Cops '' do on a weekly basis , and without the opressive darkness of this film.If there are not enough kidnappings , rapes , and mutilations in real life for you , then this flick should provide a fresh and intense infusion of gore and morbidity . But if you 've had enough of the darkness and death , then you will surely want to avoid this experience at all costs.Early on , P.I. Welles -LRB- Cage -RRB- struggles with the dilemma of `` how can a person unsee something he/she afterward regrets seeing ? '' Good question to ponder ! You can rewind the tape , but unfortunately , none of us can rewind our minds .
 Schumacher destroyed the Batman movies and now he is making this really stupid movie which is destroying Cage 's career and name . Please do n't buy this movie please do n't even see it you will feel sick go and see Payback or something else .
 Nicholas Cage acted super but it was very discusstin
 can you give a film negative stars ? cage is not my favorite actor , but he really under-does himself in this one . the script fancies itself to be clever , but it 's just boring . there 's no logical flow to the story . the banal plot `` twists '' are totally predictable , unimaginative , and just do n't make any logical sense . the music is contrived and not very original . it is possible to deal with a disturbing subject in an imaginative and artistic way - but this movie is n't even close to either . if you never see this film , you will be a better person for it .
 I actually felt sorry for myself for sitting though this . I 'm not even going to waste our time going through all the things that are wrong with this movie point-by-point . How about you all just take my word for it on this one and buy something else?Not one of Nicolas Cage 's finer moments ...
 If the script and direction were focussed , 8MM had the potential to be an extremely psychological and unnerving motion picture . Unfortunetly , Joel Schumacher completely stuffed the whole thing up . Nicholas Cage 's performace was completely dull IMO and I 'm beginning to suspect that his brilliantly multi-faceted portrayal of a nihilistic drunk in ` Leaving Las Vegas ' was a case of ol' serendipity . In addition , the screenplay and intentions of the directer were blatatly obvious . This is reinforced by MACHINE 's ` revealing ' monologue towards the end which subsequently undermines the credibility of the film by rendering it transperent . The notion of an average family man slowly becoming immersed within the sordid and depraved underbelly of society is an interesting concept for a character study type film , as opposed to a linear narrative approach . However , the film lacked the psychological intensity that the screenplay so obviously implies and failed on both levels - narrative and characterization . The narrative was ponderous and the attempts at subtlety failed miserably IMO . Many would argue that Cage delivered an understated performance but ... he was suffering from insomnia ! ARGGHH ! This movie really aggravates me ! Usually I adore movies that are unflinching in their depictions of sadism-mascho , addiction , paranoia , obsession and many other ` darker ' themes directly related to form/s of ` psychological instability ' . Of course the protagonist/s who encounter or participate in such behaviour undergoe some form of transformation . On that level , the concept behind 8MM is definitely intriguing but unfortunetly Mr.Schumacher , easily one of the most insipid and overpaid directors currently residing in Hollywood , completely SCREWED the whole bloody thing up !
 Simply put , this movie self-destructs . All that can be said is that it must have read well in script format . The issues that it brings up demands a director with better respect for the intelligence of any audience . Considering the self-importance of the director audio - anyone who respects the idea of film exploring serious issues will note the instructional value of what not to do . One ca n't blame the actors/writers on this vanity project . One wishes that function meant more than form here - Although not perfect , spend your money on `` Summer of Sam `` instead ... atleast Spike tries that little bit harder and respects an audience more .
 Andrew Kevin Walker who wrote the fine `` Seven '' stumbles here . But he had help . The film , a lurid journey through the sexual netherworld , becomes bogged down almost immediately by starchy dialogue and forced performances . Nic Cage painfully overacts here . See his reactions while watching the eponymous film alone , unable to voice his disgust . Or the way he wipes his fingers on his coat after handling pornographic snapshots . Hardly subtle . Schumacher must shoulder some blame here . From behind the camera he must have seen his actors getting away from their roles and should have reined them in some . Self-conscious editing unfortunately does not distract enough from a story that decends into simple-minded gratuitousness and revenge fantasy . And an annoying sub-plot involving his wife mars the film further . One element of `` 8mm '' that intrigues is the music , a blend of contemporary Middle Eastern rythyms , though it has no place in this film .
 The basic premise of this film was , it seemed , to shock an revile , it should have but it failed . Unforetunately we live in the 90 's real world , and while we may debate on whether snuff films actually exist , sickos portrayed do exist and heroes like Cages ' character do not . The plot , story , cast and the acting were excellent , as was the potential of the execution , but the end product was a major let down . If you want realism look out for Tim Roth and Ray Winstone - Hollywood still has a lot to answer for .
 This was certainly not a masterpiece . However , I can not go and rate it one star because the story is quite good . They should have insisted a lot more on the video , and shown us the pictures or the film , really , that WAS the movie .8 mm did n't please me like I thought . I had many good comments , but after watching it , i did n't find it too weird or too scary . I had a bad feeling with the ending . One of these endings you just ask you if the producer is crazy or what ...
 This is the worst movie ever , it 's not that I ca n't stand the gore and violence , I own Seven on DVD , The Silence of The Lambs on VHS and I 'm planning on buying Hannibal on DVD , when I saw the trailers for this movie and read that it had been written by the same guy who wrote Seven and given that this movie had an 8 in it 's title I thought that it was going to be another great movie -LRB- do n't get me wrong , I was n't expecting a sequel to Seven or something related to that story in particular -RRB- but nope , this movie ended being the worst movie or one of the worst that I 've seen in my whole life , I thought well on the good side we have Nicholas Cage and Andrew Kevin Walker , on the bad side the genius who directed the last two Batman movies , let 's give it a try , it ca n't be that bad , well I was wrong .
 Anybody fond of this film is sick and twisted.This is why it is so terrible : A young and depressed girl of 16 runs away from home in search of happiness . She eventually finds a group of people who say that they will help her to find success . She is to be turned into a ` star . ' She is put on a bed , while a man dressed in leather slashes her body up with a large blade . Why would anybody want to watch a poor , defenseless girl , who seems to have had it rough throughout her entire life , be butchered on screen . You feel sorry for her.Another reason is that the movie is so explicit with pornography -LRB- nudity , sex -RRB- and GRAPHIC violence . They also show other ` snuff ' films with other women are strangled , shot , and of course , slaughtered to pieces with machetes and what not . After a while , your mind is numbed with disturbances and you eventually lose interest . Cage does a terrible job - by the way.Definitely not for the weak-stomached . The only good aspect is the excellent display of the underground sex industry - but - the display was overwhelmed with DISGUSTING images.AVOID .
 Ugh . What was this ? What a trashy movie this was . No redeeming quality whatsoever . Joel Schumacher sure does know how to muck a movie up , eh ? Cage gave it his all , but he just was n't believable . The only truly good thing about this movie was Peter Stormare . This was on lots of critic 's `` Worst Of The Year '' lists , and for once , I actually agree with them . Avoid at all costs . But if you 're a Cage nut , rent it . If you buy it ' you 'll be kicking yourself .
 There was a good movie here ... but this ai n't it . `` 8mm '' could have been a shocking film about one of the darkest aspects of our mass media , but instead it 's just a deflated whodunnit almost completely populated with evil , ugly men . Nicolas Cage does so much mugging throughout this film -- it 's ridiculous that anyone buys his `` undercover '' routine -- that I wondered if his face was sore upon the film 's completion . Jim Carey could 've played this part.The underworld in this movie is so repellent and vile that you should probably shower off after watching this . It 's so over-the-top that I wondered if this was the `` Reefer Madness '' of porn films.There is such a huge gulf between the squeaky-clean family dude -LRB- Cage -RRB- and the slimy perverts -LRB- just about everyone else -RRB- that any opportunity for dramatic tension or insight is lost . Sorry , I forgot
 At best this is a bad B-movie remake of Hardcore.But who did the music ? the credits only list two peices , neither one of which apppears to be the arabic music all thru the film .
 - Public Service Announcement ! Learn from my misfortune-I 'm going to make this short and sweet , being that this movie is long and lame.Plot
 this movie is probably the worst in my collection
 I was disturbed by this movie 's use of Arabic music as the leitmotif for the pornography underworld . The story and setting had no other connection to Arabs or Arab countries , and the music had no purpose other than to cue the audience that something sinister was coming up . I found this association both offensive and alarming , particularly at a time when Arabs are targets of the American backlash against terrorism . Shame on Joel Schumacher .
 With 8mm , it feels like Joel Schumacher -LRB- The Lost Boys , Batman and Robin -RRB- is trying to emulate Se7en . Both were written by Andrew Kevin Walker . But Joel falls short in this unpleasant , clich&eacute;d film . With Se7en , you were swept along with the characters . In 8mm , you can feel the hand of the director pushing you were he wants you to go . 8mm is blatant in it 's attempts to manipulate the viewer , but is so clumsy you end up resenting it and the director for doing so . A film like this needs to be more subtle in it 's attempts to coax the desired response from the audience .
 Nicholas Cage did a great job at acting in this film , although the film itself did n't go over that well . First off , it is an extremly realistic look into a different , sick , unpleasant , perverted world . A world which should n't be shown in films rated R . This movie takes it 's `` R '' rating seriously . Nudity ... Not just little shower scene nudity , but almost hardcore nudity . Swearing ... No worse than any other R rated movie . Adult Content ... Probably the worst I 've ever seen , and Sexual Content ... Again the worst . The only thing good about this movie is that I hope it makes some people become more aware of this kind of stuff . And that it makes teenagers - like me . I am a 15 year old boy - and adults alike to never get involved in such filth . The movie itself was dark , literally . Sometimes overacted , and sometimes underacted . A horrible film for anyone to see ; and a horrible film for Nicholas Cage to participate in.Save your time , your money , and your conscious from kicking into gear , and saying
 Even though I knew the story behind ths film before watching it , finally , I was overall appalled by it . I do n't blame Nicholas Cage or director Joel Schumacher for doing this film . But I do think anyone who finds this film enjoyable , is probably pretty twisted , this is more of an experience than entertainment , in my personal opinion . Yes , I sat through the whole thing minus the credits and watched the making-of and trailer , but this film is not owner 's material ... for anyone , unless you 're depraved yourself . Friends/family told me about this film , some giving me a warning about the content , but I decided to try it for myself , I do n't regret that decision , but its definately a one time watch . I 'm only keeping it in case a friend wants to borrow it , other than that , let it eat dust !
 I 've seen The Wire series recently , if you wonder where I 'm coming from.Outside of being very one dimensional and boring , the film leaves too many questions without answering.For example , why could ' t Cage at least give his wife some HINTS about the kind of case he was involved in?Or why when he found the diary in the toilet did n't he just hand it to the mother?Or why , when Cage parked his car in a really rasty area with lots of grubby and suspicious characters nearby , why did n't he lock his car ? I 'm from that part of California , and I certainly would have.Or how did Machine know Cage was after him in the house ? Cage seemed quiet to me . And where was the mother during all the action ? And how did Machine hide in the house so he could restart the record?The movie depends heavily on characters who are evil without real motive . There may be people like that , but they are quite rare . They are n't rare in cliche hack movies like this one , though .
 I thought this movie was well done . The seedy disturbing images were a bit hard to take , nothing I could relate to . I give this a 3 star rating because of the plot .
 I thought that this film had a really good plot , Nicholas Cage and Joaquin Pheonix were both great and the cinematography was fairly good . However , all of this is unfortunately shadowed out by the disguesting subject matter . I honestly had no idea what a snuff film was when I went into the theatre . When I left -LRB- I walked out about halfway -RRB- I had a very good idea , to put it lightly . I 'm sure that if you a -RRB- enjoy this type of violent pornography , or b -RRB- are desensitized to this type of violent pornography , then this is probably a good film . Basically , know this before you see it , because this is one of those movies -LRB- actually there are n't many -RRB- that you see and think , damn , how in the hell did that get an R rating ? I found myself wondering this to myself many times throughout the film .
 I 'm not exactly the most discriminating movie goer . I watch -- and enjoy -- a lot of bad movies . That being said , 8mm is the only movie I 've seen in the last two years that I felt was a complete waste of time and money.Nicolas Cage 's performance is weak , the plot is unbearable , and the conclusion is predictable . The result is an unpleasant , mean-spirited movie that you wo n't want to watch all the way through.Avoid this movie . It 's not even worth a rental .
 Joel Schumacher , the mind behind such hits as `` Tigerland , '' `` A Time to Kill , '' and the upcoming `` Chasing the Dragon -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , '' was also the mind behind this -LSB- movie -RSB- . I know , it 's rather hard to believe -- disappointing even . For all the hype and shock value that this film managed to generate , I was expecting more . In fact , as the film went on , I was hoping for more -- praying for it . `` Snuff Really Does Exists , '' would have been an appropriate title for this film , because although this film shows the audience the outskirts of the snuff world , it is too afraid to really take the audience inside of it . Instead , it relies on the shock value -- hoping the shock will keep the audience interested . However , shock value only works when the audience can relate to the world it is applied to . Films that do this well are `` Kids , '' `` Requiem for a Dream , '' and `` Pulp Fiction . `` Overall , this was a great concept and could have been a great film if the audience would have really been taken into the snuff world , and expereinced it like Nick Cage 's charcater should have . Instead , the audience was relegated to the role of nosey spectators , watching the weird things their strange neighbors are into , from a distant bedroom window .
 This guy could ruin Casablanca . He is horrible . Only he could make Cage look like he had just read the script fifteen minutes before the shoot . Schumacher supposedly made a couple of Batman film too . Batman ? Ha ha ha . Tim Burton did the only true Batman movies . This guy is just another cheesy Zemeckis clone with an MTV soundtrack and a couple of marquee names . On the plus side , James Gandolfini puts in a really solid performance as usual . There is about four minutes of film worth watching here . Bite me Schumacher . Divide up the bloated budget between three dozen film school grads and let something worth watching be put to film .
 This film is a complete waste of time . When is Cage going to start actually reading the script before he decides to star in a movie ? The story line is just O.K. and yes the music was interesting but once again they made a film that missed almost every aspect of good movie making . Look at the movie Seven , there they made a film that was disturbing while not having to show so much live graphic action . There is a reason the critics all hated 8mm . It Stunk !! Do n't bother seeing it !!!
 Now I have my suspicion confirmed . The Oscar-winning Nicholas Cage is not an actor at all . Unless you can call an actor the performer with the only I-can ` t-believe-it 's - happening expression readily available when the situation calls for the show of emotion.If there is such a mask in the Noh theatre repertoire Mr.Cage may consider a Japanese debut . He was good playing not very eloquent and sentimental redneck in Raising Arizona but a total disaster while plunging into emotional depth 's in the City Of Angels.I kind of liked him in the Face \ Off in a role of cartoon villain.But the flamboyant detective in Snake Eyes is totally unconvincing.Maybe he is good when used by the postmodernist Coens or the newcomer Woo but when the more mainstream Joel Schumacher and Brian De Palma entrust him with something less schematic we see that they are asking for too much.Dramatic turns into pathetic and outright laughable.I am sure Mr.Cage is a good and decent person still not able to believe he 'd made it in the movies . 8MM makes me sure it 's all hopeless.We will still see Mr.Cage 's efforts and pay for it . Some of us to see if he can get any worse and attain even more prominent place in the annals of kitsch and the rest just because they like the guy .
 Boo ! Nicholas Cage should be ashamed ! Not up to his standards of movies
 What has happened to these two ?? Schumacher has single-handedly destroyed the Batman franchise , not to mention made two preposterously over-the-top legal dramas . Nic Cage used to be one of my favorite actors until ConAir , Snake Eyes , and now 8MM . I guess considering the recent track record of these two , I should have known better . It is even more unforgiving that they brought down the talented Catherine Keener with them . Do n't get me wrong , I am not at all opposed to making a movie about such a sordid subject . However , at least make it be a good movie .
 I 'm all for freedom in art but with that freedom should come some responsibility . Do we really need to see the darkest side of porn ? There really is no positive value in this movie . This is the kind of movie that people in Hollywood need to really question promoting . It amazes me that this is rated only R . This is a prime example of how the ratings system is totally meaningless and obviously politically motivated .
 Screenwriter Andrew Kevin Walker is right on the verge of becoming the next big thing in Hollywood . He was the brain behind such great films as `` Se7en '' , `` Sleepy Hollow '' , and did some uncredited re-writes for `` The Game '' and `` Fight Club . '' All those films were excellent , and `` 8mm '' could have been too , had it not been handed to Joel Schumacher , the man who ruined the Batman series and who is the biggest hack in Hollywood . -LRB- Except for `` Tigerland '' , which was a fluke . -RRB- The story , born from Walker 's brilliant mind , sounds great . A Private Eye -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- , is hired by a billionare 's Widow after she found a possible `` snuff '' film in her dead husband 's safe . So Nic Cage is sent to find out whether or not the film is real , plunging him into a sordid mystery filled with seedy characters and dark , abandoned buildings -LRB- Not a cliche or anything -RRB- . Could have been good . Should have been good . Would have been good , had A -RRB- David Fincher directed like originally planned , B -RRB- had Andy Kevin Walker had more creative input , and C -RRB- had Joel Schumacher had not taken over directing duties ! The guy is horrible.After Walker and Schumacher fought over creative differences , Walker walked , and left Schumacher and Nic `` When 's the last time this guy made a good movie ? '' Cage to run the show themselves . Want some examples ? Okay . When the film was supposed to be suspenseful , I was shifting in my seat , yawning , checking my watch , etc. . The big twisty ending -LRB- which went on way too long -RRB- was predictable , not to mention Schumacher and a new screenwriter he brought in tacked on a `` happy ending . '' The acting for the most part is stiff and wooden . Not to mention the only way that the characters know how to express their emotions is by shouting the `` F-word '' at the top of their lungs.To wrap things up , what could have been a hip and edgy thriller in the right hands , became a dull , predictable , and savagely unpleasant piece of poop in Schumacher 's hand . Even if they could n't get Fincher , the producers should have replaced him with someone with an eye for this kind of material . -LRB- For example a Chris Nolan , or a Roman Polanski -RRB- At least then they might have had a good movie . Maybe Walker will have better luck with his next screenplay ...
 This movie is quite unsettling . I saw it while it was at the theatre . It plays on regular Hollywood hooks such as shock value to attempt to grab the viewers attention . I would n't consider myself faint of heart - I thought Trainspotting was brilliant , but this movie comes off as a disgusting , B movie . If someone asked me , whats the worst movie you ever saw , 8mm would top the list . This movie portrays sex abuse -LRB- and murder -RRB- of underage , unwilling parties -LRB- snuff films -RRB- . It 's obscene . I left the theatre feeling dark and unsettled . I enjoy suspense and action , but this film is just repugnant . I would recommend NOT seeing this film , unless you enjoy shallow shock value .
 This is probably the most grotesque movie I have ever seen , Joel Schumacher after destroying the Batman franchise with both of his installments came and destroyed my stomach with this thing . It 's even worst and more grotesque than The Cell . Really , really bad , stay away .
 Probably the most unique aspect of this film in this age of videotape and DVDs is its choice of title . No one uses 8MM anymore , do they ? Actually , 8MM is an essentially routine thriller given a patina of originality by being set in the sleazy world of hardcore , violent pornography . Unfortunately , like most mainstream commercial productions , this film never really explores this world in any depth , but uses it as window dressing for a tired , by-the-numbers private eye meller.The film stars Nicholas Cage as a Pennsylvania-based private investigator called in by a wealthy widow to determine whether a `` snuff '' film she 's found among her late husband 's personal possessions is the genuine article . Cage heads off to Hollywood , the mecca of all things pornographic , hooks up with Joaquin Phoenix as a Capote-reading porn shop clerk and all around nice guy , and stumbles into a den of iniquity that leads him to the mystery 's eventual unraveling.Unlike a courageous film like 1984 's `` Tightrope '' , in which Clint Eastwood 's cop character begins more and more to identify with the sleazy world he 's investigating and , in the process , unlocks dark , hidden recesses buried deep within his own psyche , 8MM 's main character never seems even momentarily ensnared by the dark visions seeping into his brain . Indeed , Cage 's investigator remains morally superior throughout . This allows for the film to settle for a routine , bloodsoaked revenge melodrama resolution and to avoid having to develop and cope with a complex central character . Even though director Joel Schumacher manages to create an initial atmosphere of dark gloominess , it 's essentially wasted in a welter of action movie cliches and unconvincing heroics.Too bad that a film that promises to open up a world on film unfamiliar to mainstream audiences manages to make even pornography and all the denizens that toil in it seem hopelessly humdrum .
 It had potential but it was so damn graphic . Nothing was left to the imagination . I have on of the strongest of stomachs , but snuff is a touchy subject matter and this film did n't handle it properly . As a huge Nicholas Cage fan , I was very disapointed .
 Mr. Cage is a good actor -LRB- it 's a great distance from his role in Valley Girl -RRB- . However , please Mr. Cage , the part where his character is watching the `` snuff '' film for the first time -- talk about overacting or reacting ; I was waiting for him to grab or clasp the ends of a coffee table and drop to his knees and cry , '' Why her ?! '' True , this type of `` snuff '' pornography would make the average normal person flinch . The subject matter is disturbing and may hit close to home for a lot of families of real life victims of any type of criminal sexual abuse . Yet , the close-up of Cage 's reactions were so `` staged ''
 My friends and I went to see this movie in the theater , expecting Nicholas Cage to have an incredible outting , but to our surprise , the movie was one of the worst movies I have ever seen , and definitely Nick 's worst role ever . Overall , about an hour into the movie , all it seemed to be was an expensive porn that they actually would show in the theater . My friends and I were very discouraged by the horrible footage seen in this movie , that we walked out . Apparently `` 8mm '' was suppose to be a suspense , but the only suspense that we got was not knowing whether to walk out or see if it got better . I would not recommend this film to anyone , especially children under 18 years of age .
 Schumacher really should stick to his day job -LRB- producing -RRB- and not directing - purlease !!! This was a good idea and casting Cage was cool . He did the best he could in an ill-scripted and ill-conceived film . The insight into the dark and murky world of ` snuff films ' was interesting and a very brave topic to tackle on the big screen in front of mainstream audiences . But as a film its very disapointing . As seems to be the trend these days ; it starts well and then just loses its head and disintegrates -LRB- slowly -RRB- on screen for what actually seems like the next 2 hours !! By the end of the film I had lost all interest in any of the characters and just wanted this rubbish to finish . The editing was terrible and the direction was lousy - at best.If you 're thinking of watching this film , go and see EVERYTHING ELSE you 've thought of watching before wasting your time on this one .
 This is an attempt to let us see into the dark and dirty , cruel and ruthless world of prostitution and `` snuff '' - it 's nothing new , really and anybody who disputes snuff existence and finds it blown way out of proportion or unreal is pretty innocent , unworldly or immature . However , making a movie about this is a difficult thing to do . What Schuhmacher was trying to achieve has n't become too apparent - blurring the line between good and evil . How one might get lost in the fascination of being in power of somebody else 's life , even though you despise violence , how suddenly your normal life does n't exist anymore and you find yourself being swallowed whole in this devellish circle , trying to fight your way out and fight with your inner self most of all . For my taste it could have been more intense on the level of Nic as Tom Welles getting `` to close to the Devil who never changes , but changes you . As a huge Cage admirer I have to say though that I 'm not too taken with his main stream movie-making and I think he 's selling himself short on scripts like this one . He can do better - ok , it was n't as bad as Con Air but it certainly was n't better than Snake Eyes and that was a pretty average and predictable movie I thought , even if Nic did well in giving his character an identity . I 'm waiting for another Oscar movie/performance a la Leaving Las Vegas . Nic , do your own thing , man - you have the imagination and ... enough money by now ! > =o-RRB- ~
 This movie was okay , I guess . It 's not Cage 's best . I would n't like to call it his worst since it 's not all THAT bad , but this is my least favorite Nicolas Cage movie . Boy , Schumacher did it again , huh ? First he ruined the Batman series , and now he blemishes a great actor 's filmography . If David Fincher would have directed this -LRB- not because he 's my favorite director or anything ; this is just his kind of movie cause he did such a great job with the dark atmosphere of `` Seven '' -RRB- , this could have been one great movie ! Lousy Schumacher ... he outta stick to his John Grisham novels and leave the cool things alone cause all he does is ruin them . The film is disturbing and it 's a little effective cause you feel so sorry for the girl and her mom , but it 's just lacking a story and just drags on . A good movie to rent , but if you wan na buy it , wait till the price drops a little . Lousy Schumacher ...
 Although I was originally impressed by this film , the more I view it -LRB- on an excellent DVD , by the way -RRB- , the more it seems like a self-indulgent , over acted bit of muck.Schumacher , the director , apparently gets his kicks out of brazenly teasing his audience with his moral outrages coupled with plenty S&M sexThe musical score is very unusual and quite impressive though .
 I am a fan of Nicolas Cage as an actor and Joel Schumacher as a director . BUT ... this was just awful . Nick 's acting was forced and painful to watch . Especially the phone messages he was leaving ... I know he can do better than this -LRB- and Snake Eyes -RRB- But it 's not entirely his fault . The story was full of holes and did not flow well . I guess he did the best with what he was given to work with . I think his pained expressions were more along the lines of `` Why did I get involved with this film ? '' rather than disgust over the snuff films . And what about Joaquin Phoenix ??? He is great in this movie ... just like every movie he is in !
 I am a zombieophile so I try to see and read all things zombie . This film was just ok . I laughed once or twice . Not a fan of the new fangled zombies that talk and think but the story had some cute moments . Would n't bother with this film unless you REALLY like the zombie genre .
 This movie was n't as funny as I thought it might be with Chris Kattan in the lead . The end of this movie was poorly written and very much against women . I did n't like the fact that Luke -LRB- Chris Kattan -RRB- , was more broken up about his horse being eaten than the fact that he was going to have to eat the new love of his life to break the zombie curse placed upon him . And I do n't believe for a second that Sue -LRB- Navi Rawat -RRB- , had to die . And neither Luke nor Elmer felt very bad that they had just eaten a human being to save themselves . Very poor writing .
 I eagerly awaited `` Rory O'Shea was Here '' I had hope for it despite the bad reviews I had read in the press . I distrusted the review because the reviewer made the assertion that `` Rory would approve of calling these characters ` gimps . ' The reviewer makes this claim after using the word . Rory may well have approved , but as a fictional character he can obviously not be asked . Speaking as a person with cerebral palsy I for one do not approve any more than a black man would `` approve '' of a white man using the `` N '' word . As such I disregarded the review in its entirety suspecting that the author did n't know anything about the disability experience.I did n't get to see `` Rory O'Shea '' during its treatrical run , it was in and out in less than a week , and deservedly so . My first question is why ca n't we ever get a character with CP who does not have speech difficulty ? I know we 're in the minority of a minority , but we do exist!Second , what 's with the shower scenes ? If memory serves , there were three and only one with a discernable `` purpose . '' What were the others meant to illustrate ? That people with disabilities do indeed bathe?Third , `` Rory O'Shea '' steps right into a trap seen countless times before , his friend/assistant calls him an `` arsehole '' and he deserved it and had the screenwriter left it at that it would have been a rare bit of insight . But no , the screenwriter had to phrase it in the obligatory way , `` You know what a disability is ? You 're an arsehole . `` One thing `` Rory O'Shea '' gets dead-on perfect is the caregiver interview scene , it earns its second-star on that alone.One cliche I wish `` Rory O'Shea WOULD have used is the good ol' `` georgious girl has a change of heart and comes back to the man she rejected '' just in the name of equal opportunityLastly , my biggest gripe about Rory O'Shea himself is that he is so unrelentingly obnoxious from beginning to end . I predict that although Rory O'Shea is indeed here , a good number of viewers will wish he was n't ...
 I 'm surprised that the ratings for this movie were so high and think they result mainly from the subject matter and the audience feeling sorry for the two main characters . Though it had its moments , to me it was more like the cheesy , low-budget after school specials I remember as a kid , and it lacked originality and believability . What 's more , it had a predictable ending . Stevenson Robertson did a convincing job , but his overdone and overly loud voice grated on my nerves as did the way that his friend interpreted everything he said . Yet in some important scenes , the actors ' voices could barely be heard , such as the scene where the doctor is talking to Robertson near the end about his friend 's condition . I had to replay that section several times but still could n't hear all she said .
 In a few short Min 's of watching this TRASH it made sick , other than 1 kid who at least seems to be trying to act like he has a disability by `` Moaning `` the other kids to Me seem more like they are just making fun of ppl - w - disabilities & that makes me Very Up-set , I worked at group home - w - ppl who did suffer awful conditions & to me this movie is mocking them & I do n't find that funny at all but plenty of young kids I bet would find disabled ppl funny even Sadder IMO & they should go volunteer , spend time - w - them & there family 's & re-think what they think is Funny , I 'm glad I did n't waste Money on this garbage , more hurtful than funny .
 I was really disappointed to find that I wasted my money on this movie only to realize that the F *** word makes up every other word in the first 5 minutes of the movie . Offensive , completely un-necessary , repulsive , juvenile , annoying ... The list goes on and on . It completely ruined the possibility of me continuing to watch this movie . I 'm a young , educated woman . I do n't want to hear that ridiculous mess . It is a turn off and absolutely ruins the movie-watching experience for me . What a waste of good talent when the writers/director/producers ca n't or are n't willing to come up with anything more educated than having the actors say `` F * F * F * F * F * F * F * F * F * '' repeatedly .
 They show you the end of the movie at the beginning . There 's no real character development , it jumps around a lot . It 's narrated by the guy you 're supposed to hate , not even by the girl . What ?
 Did not like this show at all too much unnecessary language for me and very predictable outcome without a real conclusion . Not great performances by the stars which is a shame .
 Even with the bar not even off the ground it was raised too high to receive anything that might be acknowledged as a recommendation for this film . Dull , predictable without wit , lame comedy attempts , horrible acting , bad writing , and a cut that leaves room to be desired . Yup , if you want to waste even the time meant to be wasted , do n't watch this .
 This was not a good movie . It is Boring , slow and predictable . Watch another movie as there are plenty of movies out there .
 Do n't waste your time watching this movie because you will regret it !! The story-line , acting and the writing was terrible , so basically the whole movie was dreadful . What I regret most is that I will never get back the time I wasted watching this stupid movie . I was hoping for a nice funny romantic film , but I was very disappointed and it was simply boring . Save your money and time !!
 Never rented this movie ????? Why did I get an email to rate this purchase when I never rented it ? Gon na look back on my charges now !
 The wretched title song to `` Spare Parts '' drones on and on with the questions `` How much is anyone worth ? '' and `` What is the value of a life ? '' It turns out that these were n't rhetorical , and that the answer is $ 2,000 in this horrid 1979 German film -LRB- originally titled `` Fleisch '' -RRB- set in the New Mexico desert.The plot is similar to and derivative of numerous other films of the genre . A young annoying couple on their honeymoon checks into a glum hotel in Las Cruces , New Mexico . All seems idyllic until the couple goes for a walk in the desert and the husband is kidnapped by a mysterious ambulance . The wife is chased and ultimately finds that only a trucker will befriend her in her pursuit of her husband , leading them on a protracted and confusing , yet simultaneously boring adventure which ultimately leads to the gruesome discovery that the ambulance in conjunction with the hotel -LRB- and other locales -RRB- kidnaps people and harvests their organs for transplants -LRB- hence the title -RRB- all for a cool $ 2,000 a head.The film suffers from extremely slow pacing , and requires quite a suspension of disbelief -LRB- the death plane was an especially ridiculous concept -RRB- . Technically the color balance is terrible and has definitely suffered from age -LRB- at least I hope it did n't look like this originally -RRB- , the acting is acceptable at best , and the net result is a dismal , boring film that could have been scary , but is really more tedious than frightening . I found it difficult to sit through , and ca n't recommend it .
 A big , fat DVD fail , for the three reasons Todd -LRB- and others -RRB- stated
 Knowing for a fact that this was made in High Def for Blu-Ray and HD airing , I 'm sitting here wondering where in the hell the wide-screen , 1080p Blu-Ray of this amazing moving is ?? NICKELODEON , GIMMIE MY BLU-RAY COPY DAMN YOU !
 One big joke !! Those words describe this dvd . As a fan of the original turtles cartoon series I 've got to say that the writers butchered this storyline . They failed to capture the personality of the 80 's turtles and took every second of the show to ridicule them one by one . After 30 minutes I just could not watch anymore . Do n't waste time with this piece of garbage .
 This is just a poor release of a very solid movie ... a movie that fans enjoyed the film . But you give a movie with no features , plus it is the `` Edited '' version which is ridiculous , since the Unedited version was online for FREE . This is ridiculous and shows disrespect to the fans who poor money into this franchise -LRB- like me -RRB- . Even the color is poorly done ... it advertises the movie badly and is misleading , showing no signs of both the 80 's cartoon versions or the black and white comic book versions -LRB- both of which are in the movie ... but you would n't know that by the cover -RRB- . This is crappy and an idiotic strategy . Paramount and Nickolodeon are off to a poor start after buying this franchise ... you 're not giving the fans any respect ... so I give a good ole ' ` piss off ' for trying to make a cheap buck off of this .
 As much as it pains me to say this , I have to agree with the other reviewers and their reasons for giving this pending release one star.Since the news broke about Nickelodeon 's acquisition of the TMNT IP , fans have been waiting patiently , but also very nervously , to see how Nick was going to handle the property . Like the others have said , this is NOT a good way for them to kick things off with the Turtles . The sample DVD cover is an absolutely horrible representation of the movie . They really need to use the promo poster that has been used to promote it since the show was announced to be aired . Seriously , Nickelodeon/Viacom , please scrap the sample cover shown here and use the proper one.Also , please include the additional 9 minutes of footage . For Pete 's sake , it 's on DVD . Why on Earth would you leave that off ? Who is/was in charge of producing this release ? Could they not have done 5 minutes of internet research to have made better decisions when putting this together ? I find this lack of competence appalling ... Again , to whom it may concern at Nickelodeon ... please correct these mistakes and make it right before the release of this DVD.Please ?
 The 1987 Turtles and the 2003 Turtles finally collide together in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
 Awful cover , Showed in 16x9 , animated in 16x9 , and aired in 16x9 . Yet the dvd is in 4x3 ! Terrible , Terrible . The people who did this did not care , so as fans , we should not care either . I for one will not waste my money on this disrespectful dvd release .
 Basically , I bought this on the word of a friend that said it was amazing and well done , a terrific turtle movie.My friend apparently has exceptionally low standards.I did not realize it was the finale of the newer Turtles show from 2003 , which I did n't find nearly as charming or entertaining as the one I grew up with . It has the flat , over-saturated , copycat feel of Jackie Chan Adventures . I found it less entertaining to see the original turtles treated like bumbling wannabes by generic , steroidal turtles , instead of schooling the new kids.I guess if you like the newer cartoon from 2003 , you will love this ... I certainly did n't .
 This was by far one of the best films of last year & I only give it 2 stars because it 's the edited version of the movie . Hopefully Nickelodeon will realize this error & release the directors cut somewhere down the road . So for now we 'll have to settle for this . Despite the 8 or 9 minutes cut outta the movie it 's still a great view & a most terrific finale to the TMNT 2k animated series . Another serious set back too is why the heck are there no special features on this disc ? A documentary on the making of this flick or a feature about the TMNT universe or history would 've been a real treat for fans . What a shame .
 The reason I gave this one star is just for the utter lack of respect that was given to the ORIGINAL TMNT . They * created * this franchise . Yet this movie did nothing but make them out to be bumbling goofballs and idiots . Completely disrespectful and horrible . I cringed throughout the entire first half of this ` movie ' .
 I have been a fan of the TMNT since the 1980 's era cartoon , and am now a huge fan of the comic book as well , and in all my years on this Earth -LRB- 30 to be exact ! -RRB- I have never seen a compilation quite like this . Mind you I have not yet seen the movie in it 's entirety but I have seen the online trailers , at which point I was totally psyched . Sadley though , it turned out that I had seen the trailers about three months to late as this is a TV movie and was no longer airing , so now I 'll get a second chance to see it . But who can beat this , all three turtles universes coming together in one movie
 This is my first review , but this movie annoyed me so much I had to post one . I grew up on the old style 80 's cartoon and was really looking forward to watching this . I have all of the old cartoon on DVD and most of the new.I knew that they were going to make fun of the old toon , which was OK because it made fun of itself . Instead , the writers seemed to only want to show how awesome the new versions are and how awful , incompetent , annoying , etc. the old ones were . In doing so they ignored the personality differences of the old turtles -LRB- it was like having 5 Michaelangelos at a time -RRB- and had a ton of plot holes and inconsistencies with what happened in the old cartoon . If the old turtles had been that annoying , I would never have become a fan . I had to stop watching after 30 minutes , which I never do . If you hated the old cartoon and love the new , then this is for you . Otherwise , do n't bother !
 This is a horrible excuse for a release of this film.Why?Reason 1 . There are 9 minutes of the original film cut out of this version . This should be 79 minutes long . As you can see Nickelodeon is only selling the censored version with a running time of 70 minutes.Reason 2 . This film was animated and created in widescreen . As you can see from the description this release will cut off the right and left sides of the screen to make the picture 4:3 full screen.Reason 3 . The DVD cover is a horrific example of poor design and disregard for the actual product . This film has three different sets of turtles and only one set is even on the cover . A wonderful Comic-Con poster was created for this film and can be seen by searching google or wikipedia . Why it was n't used is anyones guess.If Nickelodeon is doing this poorly of a job with the turtles license this early on , and with a product that was handed to them without any work on their part ; then I do not have any more hope for this franchise and its future.With this release Nickelodeon put the nail in the turtles ' coffin . And lets keep it that way before it gets any worse .
 You have the balls to release the TV cut on DVD , AND in fullscreen with no extra features ? How asinine . What 's funnier , is that the 4kids company has the full version for `` FREE '' on their website still.For any of those that still would like to see the full version of this film , go here -- > -LSB- ... -RSB- Until you fix this problem , none of the fans are going to buy this DVD . Good luck with that one ...
 I ca n't begin to explain how much it truly pains me to give this gem of a movie one star . Being a huge fan of the Ninja Turtles , I fell in love with this movie when I saw it on TV -LRB- even though it was reduced to 70 minutes , like it 's evidently being released here -RRB- . And once I saw the entire version -LRB- 79 minutes -RRB- I fell in love with it even more.To think that Nickelodeon is going to release this movie at it 's edited length is disgusting . You may think I 'm over-reacting , but seriously ... what is the point of not issuing the full movie ? This is DVD people , there are no time constraints for commercials . And trust me , that 9 mintues they cut goes a long way in humor , action , plot explanations and even character depth -LRB- i.e. Shredder -RRB- . Also , look at the cover art . As you can tell by other reviews , the coolest thing about this movie is that it stars the famous Turtles from the 1987 animated series -LRB- voiced by sound-alikes who do a great job -RRB- ... and they 're no where to be seen on the cover!Hopefully Nickelodeon ammends these foolish mistakes . I will gladly delete this review if they come to their senses before the release date .
 I 've bought every turtles DVD since they started releasing them . When they started coming out they all had horrid stock art that could be found on the official turtles website and assembled by an amateur at best . As time went on they started creating original artwork and the releases started getting better . 4Kids was finally releasing half season sets instead of out of order volumes containing only 4-5 episodes . I was happy.Then the buy out happened . I expected no more releases and I honestly never thought `` Turtles Forever '' would see a DVD release . The fact it did is great news but it 's also bittersweet . We 're back to stock art covers and the release is edited down . The film has plot holes with those few minutes removed . Some of the people at 4Kids have been trying to get Nick 's attention . They have sent them the movie poster to be used as a cover as well as the extended cut . They have yet to respond . This is just a big middle finger to the fans.They probably do n't care what a 22 year old turtles fan thinks but the main pull for this film are older fans . Kids now are too young to have seen the old toon or have read the comic . This was made for us older fans . How you could insult the fanbase like this is beyond me . Just because it changed hands does n't mean those of us who have been supporting turtles for 25 + years wo n't still continue to do so .
 The Movie itself is great . Here we find the 1980 's Turtles accidentally transported to the Universe of the 2003 Turtles . The story really takes off when the Utrom Shredder discovers the multiverse and attempts to destroy all turtles everywhere -LRB- resulting in another crossover -RRB- . I think the movie was done very well . I 'm not familiar with the '03 turtles , but the original turtles and villians , were done very well -LRB- maybe slightly more goofy than normal -RRB- and voiced by sound-alikes of the originals who did a great job . Lots of memorable lines and just plain well put together . . Watching Shredder chasing after his command chair while it was being hauled away was just one of many hilarious scenes . This movie is a huge treat for turtle fans everywhere ... or at least it was meant to be.So far , the releases of the seasons of the 80 's turtles have been fabulous . Unfortunately , the rights were bought by Nickelodeon and the terrible release of this movie by them shows the grim future that we the fans have coming to us if things do n't change . Heres 4 good reasons why :1 . This is a dvd release , not an aired release-no commercials , no time constraints-nothing inappropriate to censor . And I do n't know much about disk storage space , but I have many movies well over the 79 minute mark with many other features , so I know that was n't an issue . Yet Nickelodeon edited parts of the movie out of this release . No reason to do that whatsoever .2 . This film was created in widescreen , yet they put this into letterbox full screen , you miss out on some of the picture -- I did n't know what letterbox was when i read about it here on other reviews -LRB- I know now -RRB- its really noticeable in a bad way3 . If you were to look at the cover of this dvd in a store or here on Amazon and knew nothing about the film , you would have no idea this was a crossover , you would just think `` oh a new 03 ' turtles movie '' or `` oh a few episodes of the turtles no big deal '' Its a nice cover , for a '03 turtles release , but for this its horrible-the artwork made by the fans blows this away . Truthfully , I almost missed out on this after this if it was n't for an article I read on wilkipedia about Krang , i would n't ever knew this great gem existed .4 . This release is supposed to be part of the 25th Anniversary celebration of the turtles . There is NOTHING whatsoever if the way of bonus features , special features , interviews , a look back at turtle history . Nothing !! Just the movie some credits and previews that have nothing to do with the turtles.I would have given this movie 5 + stars , but it was so poorly released I ca n't justify it.Originally I was going to pass on this terrible release after reading the reviews of others , but I really wanted to see it , so -LRB- begrudgingly -RRB- I bought it . I actually tried for a good 2 weeks to contact Nickelodeon to inquire if there will be a re-release of this movie as a directors ' cut or some nicer alternate release in the future . After leaving at least 8 unanswered voice mails and talking to a few operators and customer service reps , I truly believe that Nickelodeon does n't care about the fans or the franchise they bought -LRB- Do n't believe me ? call them -RRB- . They are out to make a quick $ and thats it , nothing else . As a fan , the best I can hope for at this time is that they do n't butcher the remaining seasons -LRB- and that they actually release them -RRB- of the turtles too badly , and that for some reason they sell the license to a company that cares about the fans . Thankfully , at my age turtles is the only show I can foresee myself buying that Nickelodeon would be likely releasing .
 Turtles Forever was a fantastic movie , with an amazing crossover storyline between the 1987 animated TMNT and the 2003 animated TMNT , plus others ! ... and the culmination of 25 years of comics , tv shows , and movies . This movie , to most TMNT fans , was something very SPECIAL , and more of a Thank You by Mirage and 4kids than anything to their loyal fans for the Turtles 25th anniversary celebration . If it was n't for their love of the franchise and their fans , this movie would never have been made in the first place , it is in fact a miracle it even exists ... That being said ... BOYCOTT this Nickelodeon DVD Release people . PLEASE read the below information before even considering this purchase .1 . The Nickelodeon released DVD contains a 70 minute shortened version of the film , which is in all actuality 79 minutes long . The 9 minutes that are cut out contain the following
 The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise , especially the original animated series , is dear to many a fan 's heart . So much so , in fact , that someone at 4Kids Entertainment came up with a genius idea -- why not have an epic crossover between the 80s Turtles and their modern animated counterparts ? Hence Turtles Forever , an approximately 75 minute movie featuring both the classic and modern characters meeting each other for the first time . It 's a fanboy 's dream come true , right?In some ways , yes . Not only do the original 80s cartoon Turtles show up in the modern 2003 cartoon 's timeline , but they 're drawn in the exact same soft , pudgy , child friendly demeanor as they were so many years ago . In fact , their appearance juxtapozed with the taller , more angular and gritty designs of their modern brethren is good for a few laughs in and of itself . But it does n't stop there . The original Shredder , Krang , Splinter , and April O'Neil show up , along with Rocksteady and Beebop , and their personalities all remain faithfully intact -LRB- well , mostly -RRB- . And the humor , when it works , it works . The modern Turtles are constantly bewildered by their seemingly one-track minded brothers -- the 80s Turtles walk around the city in broad daylight without a care to the dumbfounded people about them , they think about nothing but eating pizza , and Raphael constantly breaks the fourth wall , all to the consternation of the remaining cast . The 2003 Shredder sees his classic counterpart as a bungling idiot and Rocksteady and Beebop quickly find themselves replaced by more effective henchman . Again , it 's all very amusing.But all is not perfect in this crossover . As the movie progresses , it 's clear the writers do n't hold the original turtles in much esteem and constantly render them as little more than goofy foils to their more competent and serious counterparts . Leonardo rarely leads , Raphael wisecracks at completely inappropriate times , and they all have the attention span of a three-year-old . Granted , the original series was always a bit more lighthearted than later incarnations , but the Turtles were rarely ever this silly or one-dimensional . Classic episodes have Leonardo questioning his role as leader , Michaelangelo dwelling on whether he contributes anything to the team , and Raphael saddened over the departure of a potential soulmate . But none of that depth is revealed here . The 80s Turtles were just party-hardying clowns designed for five-year-olds , right?Making matters worse , the DVD release omits several minutes of footage seen in other formats , and is stricly presented in standard TV -LRB- 4:3 -RRB- format . No anamorphic widescreen here . And the extras ? Surely there 's at least a few classic episodes included from the original series , right ? Nope , there 's nothing but the chapter select.This movie is bound to split the fan base . Some will enjoy the movie for what it is despite its inaccurate depictions of the classic Turtles and lack of features because , in the end , it still manages to entertain . But others , especially those who grew up with the original cartoon , will find the shortcomings in this movie too egregious to forgive .
 It has been said before and will be beaten to death for months , but , come on now Nickelodeon ... just release the FULL F-ing version will you?I knew after the acquisition of the TMNT kingdom there would be undesirable consequences , but , I implore you , do your first release properly.Don ' t set the tone for years of disappointing life long Turtle worshippers.All I cay say is put this out in Full AND Wide screen , the COMPLETE 79 + minutes and add bonuses for the sake of being worth the extra cash.Live with integrity , Nickelodeon , live with honor . Do n't release garbage .
 Fantastic flick but the dvd is total garbage ! Rehashed dvd cover of previous dvds , without the orginal turtles ! Why not use the artwork , such as the poster , for the dvd cover ? This is just pure lazyness from people who do n't care about the fans , who just want a quick buck . The movie itself is the edited version , which if had any faults was the missing 9 mins , that were cut for commercials , which resulted in some plot confusion . Viacom -LRB- paramount/nickelodean -RRB- at least put some effort towards giving us a good dvd . The TMNT has always been given a the short end of the stick when it comes to dvds , so I expected it . Viacom could 've won fans , by finally giving tmnt what they deserve , but they instead do what everyone else did .
 I did not really care for this film , though , it did have a few funny moments , a lot of the attempts at humor fell flat for me . I really like Martin Short , but did n't think he was very funny in this . It was a little corny . I also thought that it was going to be more of a musical , but there was very little singing , so I was disappointed in that . I also did n't like the moral behind the plot , of the wish itself -- getting the little girls dad the role in the play -- by using any means to sabbotage the character who had the role . I do n't think that 's a good message for kids , even if the methods used are done by fairy godmothers . I know a lot of shows do that , like Bruce Almighty , but in even that show , in the end he gave the newscaster 's job back to the character that he stole it from . I would n't recommend this movie to anyone .
 I Love Mara Wilson she is cute and beautiful.I also loved her in Matilda . I think that Matilda was beautiful.she is a good actress.she was a cute girl in Mrs.Doubtfire.I think that she was very good at that part
 This was a film that I watched based purely on the synopsis ; which sounded totally off the wall and interesting . Every now and again a super low budget indie film will fly way under the radar and end up being a gem ... this is not one of those movies . I have no problem with the production value at all , this movie was n't good because of the way the story was told and the acting . The premise was so cool and promising as the springboard for a quirky dark comedy , but instead it turned into an incomprehensible mess.The film ends up being overly confusing and convoluted ... it just loses its way after about twenty minutes . Additionally some of the acting was quite suspect . Normally I 'm not one to complain about acting , but a few spots of blatant cringe-inducing overacting forced me to take note . Such a disappointment , it 's really too bad because this one could have been special if done right . 2/5 stars .
 SUCKSd JH JKSHHjk h hdjkhskh H H H HH HJKHSJK HSKJH JJKS HKJH KJH KJDHSAKD KJSHJK SHDJK SHKDJHSJKDH SKJDHSJKADH JKSA HDKJA
 Was disappointed that Amazon went with a Windows Media player format , which means their `` Video On Demand '' is `` jailed '' to the Windows Operating system , so folks using Linux , MAC , or any non-Microsoft OS , will not be able to enjoy their video on Demand Service.Amazon should look at a Flash based video on demand , Adobe flash is more accepted across mulitple OS platforms . This would allow a bigger audience to enjoy and pay for Video On Demand .
 Not very clear and just really silly . My kids were n't even that into it and they usually love things like this .
 I am not happy with this at all . Did at play righ at all . Just not good . It was not want I expected and my grandkids did not like it at all .
 Chipmunks are very cute . My daughter loves it . However , the streaming speed is super slow and stop for several times during less than 4 mins show time . Instant video is not that &#34; instant &#34; .
 I couldnt get it to work on the computer in the careroom That is why such a poor rating . So it might be a very good movie .
 Perhaps I was expecting a replay of the original Alvin recordings and was not thrilled with this new attempt to use the name to sell a not that great video .
 Whatever Greenaway is trying to achieve here -- historical allegory , 17th-century sex romp , comedy of manners , etc. -- is beyond most of us , I 'm afraid.It begs the question
 I was disappointed to discover that the version was for Zone 1 countries -LRB- US & Canada -RRB- even though I ordered the DVD via the Australian Amazon site . This limits me to only two viewings , thus severely restricting our enjoyment of the film.Why ca n't Amazon supply DVDs with the Australian zone -LRB- Zone 4 -RRB- ?
 This is probably the worst film I have seen , narrowly beating George Of The Jungle . The design is beautiful , with the sets and costumes serving a dull dull story , bereft of plot , characters , and interesting dialogue . Why Greenaway tried to write this himself , instead of employing a writer is beyond me . Michael Nyman makes a good stab at the music , but it is too dominant in the sound mix , and not subtle enough to complement the occasionally good photography . Add to the mix unnecessary music , actors who barely move when speaking their lines , many characters who look alike due to identical make-up or masks , and a pretentious pseudo-restoration English , and the result is an unintelligible mess .
 Pretentiously morbid and opulently crafted . Not for me .
 There should have been 2 robots and their builder in the foreground making fun of this movie ! -LRB- a.k.a. Mystery Science Theatre 3000 -RRB- . I must say that this movie does answer the ? of what ugly men in big wigs would look like if they played with a lot of static electricity .
 A group of riders come singing into town . Next we see a man in a buggy fleeing while being fired upon . The pursuers plant evidence to prove the man was a thief . Roy Rogers rides to the mine to investigate . The mine manager explains their policy against thieves . A letter to Roy says a writer will arrive to get information for a book . There is a surprise here ! The boys sing a song boasting of their courage . -LSB- How many bullets in a six-shooter ? Sixteen ? The script plays with the western legends . -RSB- This `` horse opera '' mixes in singing and music with dramatic events . There is a secret to the San Angelo mine . It is being used to bring silver from a low-cost area to a high-price area ; they are arbitrageurs and smugglers.The padre asks for help to find a missing sentry . They search all night and find nothing . There is no time to get a search warrant for the Monarch mine . Roy and the Sheriff fall into a trap . Later a stranger shows up to search for a man . There is a new owner to this land , like a feudal lord . Who can it be ? There is more humor in holding a fox hunt . -LSB- This pads out the film and provides a chase scene . -RSB- Two men abduct Bates and hit him . Who would want to hurt him ? Roy surmises that smuggling is going on . They find a hidden cave from an old legend . Lee Madison is sent back to summon help , but she is stopped . Trigger the Wonder Horse gets through and summons help ! Reinforcements arrive to turn the tide of battle . Gridley takes Lee as a hostage . Two dogs run after them . Life imitates art . The bad guys are captured after a fight ; the dogs helped . There is a happy ending.These films provided entertainment for millions of children in the 1940s . Sixty years later you can see them as low-budget entertainment . They are never shown on TV since the 1950s . It also shows how a powerful corporation can oppress the people . If you were born after the 1950s you can view what used to be popular entertainment . This is an amusing film if you do n't expect too much from it .
 this looked like tim allens best movie from the trailers id seen . looked hillarious . well who ever produced those trailers should should get an award as the movie was not nearly as enertaining as it looked in the trailer
 Tim Allen plays a quite jumpy older dude who is/was involved with 6 women . He does not really know who to marry next . When Tim Allen 's character dies on vacation , his former , current and `` soon to be ex '' are coming together for his funeral.The movie has an unexpected ending.The movie is okay to watch , but it did not really make me laugh as usual . Nothing my dvd collection really needed , but I did not know the movie before I bought it .
 I purchased the basic -LRB- Not Remastered Version -RRB- Looks like a bad copy from a VHS tape i only watched the first 10 minutes then turned it off , it would have spoilt the memory of what it was . Now featuring Washed out color artifacts scratches and more.i should have returned it but i am too lazy , will now purchase the remastered version and hope for better.If not better you will `` HEAR `` from me
 I have seen this movie many times on TV over the years and have always enjoyed it . Robert Wagner was so young and in his early years of his acting career . When I saw that a DVD was available I felt I had to have it , but this is not the one to buy . It is without a doubt the worst conversion to DVD that I have seen . It is blurry , and washed out in most of the film with lots of scratches running down the picture . It was obviously put together from a bunch of different reels from different copies . I ca n't blame the seller for this but I would n't buy the DVD made by Alpha Video -LRB- AP6004D -RRB- .
 Beneath The Twelve Mile Reef is a wonderful and thoroughly entertaining movie that deserves a full restoration . Unfortunately it does not get that here . The DVD version I am reviewing is the release from A2ZCDS.com . It claims to be a remastered version . I do n't see any evidence of that . The only thing that is correct about this print is that it is in the original cinemascope super-widescreen aspect ratio of the original theatrical release . But the print on this DVD is badly worn . The vibrant colors of cinemascope have become faded out and oxidized . But worse still , the coloration oscillates constantly throughout the movie , constantly going back and forth between faded but accurate colors , to a brownish oxidized coloration . If A2ZCDS.com made any attempt at restoration , it was a failure . This movie deserves the UCLA digital restoration treatment to bring it back to life.I find this movie totally enjoyable . The actors are some of my favorites
 Very poor quality print . I am so dissapointed . Had I known , I would not have purchased and I have such good memories of when I first saw it .
 LOW QUALITY TRANSFER , SO BLURRY IT WAS HARD TO WATCH -LRB- coulde n't make it all the way thru.I COULD BARELY TELL WHO THE ACTORS ARE .
 The story of the movie is fine , as other reviewers have pointed out . Unfortunately , this particular product was created from a print of the film -LRB- rather than remastered -RRB- and it yields very weak picture quality throughout . Blemishes appear with regularity in the picture . There are skips here and there and the color washes out from time to time . I kept the DVD for the soundtrack only - the picture quality just simply is not good .
 I have no quarrel with the movie . But I picked the wrong version . The thumbnail cover picture showed `` Cinemascope '' so I figured this was a good bet . Wrong . First , it is in widescreen , but it 's 4:3 Letterbox , not 16:9 anamorphic . You can still zoom in to fill your screen , but the resolution is very poor . In fact it 's poor even before zooming . And , oh yes , the letters `` RE '' are displayed in great big letters in the lower right hand corner of the screen -- for the entire movie ! Maybe I should thank Reel Enterprises for doing that to remind me to never purchase any of their DVD products again . Guess I should have bought the remastered edition advertised further up the page , but this one had a later release date -LRB- 2006 -RRB- so I figured it would be okay . Avoid this version .
 The Video quality stinks , the audio is not much better , the DVD froze twice in the middle of the movie & I had to advance it , also you have to view a corporate logo RE on the screen the entire movie . No entertainment value at all .
 Finally got the DVD in the mail , go to put it in , error message . Go to another DVD player nothing . . i was so excited to watch this old movie . . Movie Mars set out a defective DVD . All the movies sent out directly from Amazon , worked perfectly . Very disappointed in this company . . I should of known better . Sending it back . I will purchase it elsewhere .
 This low brow Dolly Parton romantic comedy pits her as an annoyingly honest yet witty and street smart high school dropout that has a knack for giving `` straight talk '' advice who moves away from her lazy boyfriend -LRB- played by actor Michael Madson in his quest for a much needed paycheck -RRB- in a small town to head for a better career and life in Chicago . Once there she `` accidentally '' becomes put on as a talk radio show host as someone who gives advice to callers with problems , by a newsroom that thinks she 's a doctor who was supposed to be starting that day but conveniently did not show up . So they suppose she 's the doctor . Such luck for just stepping into a different room to get a cup of coffee . Oh , but the cheesy far-fetched cliches do n't end there . Yup , you can guess what happens - the people love her , the radio execs recruit her.In enters James Woods -LRB- who looks and acts terribly as a news reporter who 's so uncomfortably creepy to watch as a romantic `` lead '' you understand why he 's never played that role since -RRB- as the ` love interest ' who just happens to always be at the right place at the right time , and proceeds to court Dolly Parton , or Dr. Shellie Kenyan -LRB- can I just insert how ridiculous the name sounds please -RRB- so that he can get story to seek out the `` dirt '' on her and expose her to the world -LRB- she 's not a doctor , she 's not educated , etc -RRB- but then predictably falls for her , then must decide between his career and her . ... He picks her . ... do n't be upset that I told you , you knew it was coming.Then enters the ex-boyfriend who just happens to come looking for her yet the script writers could not seem to come up with good enough material for him , so the ex just sort of reveals who Woods really is and is never heard from again . Hey , at least Michael Madson gets paid . * humorous smile * * sigh breath * anyway , then we get the typical scene where she gives away her real identity and past on the radio because she just ca n't take being dishonest anymore ! She 's been lying to everyone ! * sarcasm * While she does say this , the film gives no reason for her to , and any typical human being would just keep going at it considering the complete lack of friction she 's faced during her entire stint as a psychologist radio talk show host who is n't really a psychologist . It 's ridiculous that someone giving this type of advice could even GET a real career on talk radio ... but the movie does that to showcase her `` realness . '' If things became any more convenient for Sherrie I think we would n't have a good enough movie . ... . oh wait , that 's right , we DO N'T have a good enough movie , but we do HAVE a movie , so we might as well watch it.While Straight Talk is just filled with completely far-fetched situations that would be handled VERY differently if this were the case in 2011 , this does entertain , even just barely , for its 90 minute time length . What keeps you interested ? Well , it 's not boring , so much as it is just plain cliche and dumb . I think the term `` blonde '' can be used here . It 's like the film took every romantic comedy textbook movie cliche and compressed them all into this film , and did n't even do them WELL at that . Once again , Dolly Parton 's breasts are the stars of the show , not to also mention her irritatingly `` good girl '' demeanor who surprisingly always seems to waste her time on lousy boyfriends . Well , that is until James Woods came along and very very easily sweeps her off her feet -LRB- in case you need me to tell you , their chemistry on screen is eye-rollingly vomit inducing ... or shall I just be nice and say utterly and completely non-existent ? -RRB- I bought this because it was at a very low bargain clearance bin price at a local retailer , otherwise I would never have even bothered . You 've seen this movie a million times before , there 's no need to see it again . I feel a bit bad if I 'm really ragging on this , but I do it with a slight smile . Dolly is a charming and sweet lady , and considering she wrote numerous songs for this movie , it did mean a lot to her , and you can tell she really does try with her performance , so good for her . It 's just too bad the material she was given is just so laughably dumb . Sorry Dolly , you 're a sweetheart but I 'm just being honest.P.S . To James Woods - please , PLEEEEEAASE do not ever play a romantic lead again . Your portrayal reminded me of a horny 17 year old trapped in the body of a 45 year old man.Technical aspects
 The somewhat schmaltzy formula used to concoct this film makes for a very light story that is funny in a family-cute way . The predictability for me is well summed by the self-indulgent irony the creative staff displays in things like naming the reporter `` Jack Russell '' like the terrier . I enjoy the film and came to Amazon looking to order a copy because it is a nice all-family entertainment piece , though in story and characterizations are unsatisfying , as they flatten James Woods ' natural charisma and fail to elicit the endearingly sincere and uncontrived quality Dolly Parton demonstrates in Steel Magnolias . She can act , but this role might have been better served by an actress who was , and was openly perceived as , stretching into the role of Shirley -- while Jack Russell , given Woods ' casting , would have benefitted from a little more spotlight and a much longer leash .
 Dolly is saved by stranger Jimmy while `` attempting '' to jump off a bridge . Can you guess what happens at the end ? Parton is watchable in this fomula fish-out-of-water story about her getting a job -LRB- by mistake -RRB- as a radio-shrink and there are some good jokes scattered around , but the story is a bust .
 A fun movie for sure ; but where 's the theatrical widescreen edition ? Sorry , but I only purchase DVDs displaying the film 's ORIGINAL ASPECT RATIO .
 Not Dolly 's best and definitely not James Woods ' best , who obviously needed some extra cash at the time . The pairing of Dolly and Woods makes no sense - it 's hard enough to believe that they simultaneously act - but in the same movie ? Also not to sound perverted but Dolly 's characters are always the same - the cocky , wisecracking , yet down home and innocent cowgirl played out long ago . Straight Talk , unfortunately offers little laughs .
 I saw STRAIGHT TALK on a basic cable station , which is probably where this film played its second week of release . There ought to be a documentary about the making of STRAIGHT TALK , just so we could find out how first-rate talent such as Dolly Parton and James Woods wound up in this snoozer . That would be a lot more interesting .
 In this video , a single narrator recounts ghost stories from the Cotswolds region . No first-person accounts , no photographic or video evidence ... just a rather pleasant-sounding woman telling us we should be frightened by what she 's about to say . If you like ghost stories that make you sleep with the lights on , save your money . This video will have you sleeping like a baby .
 dont buy this dvd the far frontier roy rogers it says it is in color but it is not it is in black \ white picture quality is poor it is not digitally remasterd dvd cover says the far frontier is in true color i orded this on amazon disapointed .
 Well made & well-intentioned documentary is about 2/3rd Crosby Stills & Nash and the rest all the other artists featured on the cover . The DVD cover art tips one off that the film is an overview of the Laurel Canyon music scene of the 1970 's . The DVD 's Main Menu states `` Crosby , Stills & Nash IN Legends of the Canyon '' and the film 's Opening Credits read `` Legends of the Canyon - Origins of West Coast Rock '' . Its like the producers of this DVD can not make up their mind what this film is really about . Film is disjointed & ends very abruptly . Very little of Joni Mitchell or Neil Young . nothing about America -LRB- although Gerry Buckley gives an opinion on other artists -RRB- . What about Frank Zappa , Jackson Browne , Jimmy Webb , The Monkees , Tim Buckley , and on & on . Fans of CS&N will enjoy , other folks wishing for a better view of LC scene , stick w/Henry Diltz 's companion book `` Canyon Of Dreams '' .
 I was disappointed in this DVD . While I did appreciate hearing and seeing some of the history of The Canyon at the beginning , I feel that LEGENDS OF THE CANYON is really more of a tribute to Crosby , Stills , Nash and Young and their different band permutations than it is a documentary regarding the Laurel Canyon magic . There are n't any interviews with Carole King , Linda Ronstadt , The Eagles , and many others who were there . Joni Mitchell is given some well deserved props , but she is not interviewed either .
 Pretty dull treatment of what should be fascinating material . Watch it for the facts but do n't expect to be enlightened or entertained . The narration is awful and some of the interviewees have nothing to offer than having been there .
 This DVD is not what it is billed as . Who cares about Henry Diltz and his take on the era ? His photo library , his silent footage of Woodstock , his silent slide shows . MY slide shows of graduate school at UT Austin are more interesting.This was painful to watch.What most viewers care about is the music , with supplemental back story . There is essentially none of that . What little music on the DVD is poor quality in audio and video.I 've seen MUCH BETTER collections from Time-Warner Info-mercials on late night TV.I will gladly give my copy to any of the reviewers who rate it over 2 stars ! If you sat through this DVD , you are obviously suffering from sequelae of too much drug use in the 60s and 70s . I would not insult a friend with this DVD . So I am probably stuck with this turkey .
 OBVIOUSLY put together by David Crosby as if he wanted to iconize himself so he would n't be forgotten , approved by Stills & Nash.HEY GUYS ------------ YOUR MUSIC IS GREAT SO YU DO N'T NEED A DVD SHRINE ! .
 Do yourself a favor and pass on this super boring DVD . If you enjoy listening to people talk about other people as if they are telling you anything new , than this is is for you . Do n't expect to learn anything interesting , or of relative value . This is a classic rip off told by a guy who should stick to photos .
 Sorry to say but I 'm Not Impressed . The Dvd is all about Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young . Some is interesting -LRB- products of the other bands mentioned -RRB- . But I would much rather see and hear some technique . The little they do sing Yes , is magnificent . Sure could of used more then 15-20 seconds here and there . Way to much talking ... Just my opinion . Ted
 I would love to have this but the format it was sent in was for America -LRB- NTSC -RRB- instead of European format -LRB- PAL -RRB- . On the order sheet there was no option for PAL which does seem very strange.If there is an option for PAL I would still like to order this .
 As I said in my subject line , I liked basically the first half of CHEECH AND CHONG 'S NEXT MOVIE . Even though there was not much of a plot going on , there was lots of funny stuff in those skits C & C were doing . That skit in the welfare office had me in tears , especially that guy making all the hilarious sound effects ! And just looking at C & C 's home was fun , like seeing the funny signs hanging up , such as the `` Getting Loaded Zone '' sign . And Cheech 's `` Mexican American '' song , followed by Chong 's song with absurd lyrics was amusing too . I would have been pleased with this movie if it had all been funny skits like these , even if no plot had developed.But the second half of NEXT MOVIE just drags really badly and is not funny any more . I mean , that long section with Cheech driving the car of that rich couple and telling lame jokes - what the % $ !! @ # was that ?! With no story going on , and little humor either , the second half of the movie just became NOTHING ! I also found appalling the three instances of suggested or actual animal abuse in the second half - the frog in blender joke , harassing the cat offscreen , and the rough treatment of chickens in the field where the police car was . Were those supposed to be funny ?! Maybe as several reviewers have noted , if I had been smoking a reefer while watching this , I would have found the whole thing a LOT more funny ...
 If you have seen this movie before , please note that the cartoon scenes at the begining and end are gone , as well as the UFO Diamond Girl scenes , as well as changes in music score ! This is not the full movie , and I would wait for a new re-release of the movie -LRB- this time with all the scenes ! -RRB-
 Anyone who started their Cheech and Chong collection with the sublime , landmark ` Up In Smoke ' might feel more than slightly disappointed with this patchy , self indulgent affair that mixes the moderately amusing -LRB- absolute highlight is when Chong smokes the roach , literally -RRB- with the downright deplorable . The main problem seems to be that it 's less a narrative based movie , like their debut , or ` Nice Dreams ' , and more a collection of sketches which vary quite a bit in quality . Certainly the second half , where Cheech-in-a-wig -LRB- as Cheech 's cousin Red -RRB- and Chong travel around town with twenty pounds of buds in a duffel bag , fails to generate anything resembling a decent joke , including the worst on screen stoner conversation -LRB- between them and a wealthy dowager in a Rolls -RRB- I 've ever seen . Other bits just drag , such as the scene in the welfare office with the dude who made the noises in the Police Academy films . No matter how out of it I 've been , this bit makes absolutely no sense and feels like a five minute edit that the was left in by accident . Not too good at all .
 This flick has a few good laughs , but largely falls on its face . BUT ... if you smoke enough dope it 'll seem like a 5 star comedy , but if you smoke that much dope you may have trouble finding the ` PLAY ' button on your VCR .
 I 'd probably like this movie a lot better if I did n't feel it was such a disservice to the novel it 's based on.Delroy Lindo does give a standout performance as Rodney , but I just was n't that impressed with Keitel . I guess it 's a testament to Price when I say that the Rocco Klein of his novel felt more lifelike , more deeply conflicted , and more rounded than Keitel 's Klein seemed on screen.I found it irritating that there were certain surreal elements added to the script which seemed to compromise the grittiness of the story . The additions did n't make the movie funnier , they just made it strange.As a side note , less than ten years old , the soundtrack already seems incredibly dated.Don ' t even rent this one , go read it . If you 're dead set on spending your loot , buy two copies of `` Do the Right Thing . ''
 Wow . . to start with I had to turn on English subtitles to watch this movie in English . Even then it was hard to puzzle out what was said in this film half the time . I 'm not a big fan of Spike Lee films - they 're too stereotypical and portray people in a negative light . ` Clockers ' could have been a gripping detective story while also exposing the drugs and violence which black youths find it so hard to escape from . But that is n't enough for Lee who stuffs his film with so many half-developed ideas that it becomes tiresome to watch.Lee seems at one point to be commenting on the influence of violent music videos and video games , but when he fails to develop this line of reasoning , it 's clear these sidetracks are only a means to fill the film with his intrusive visual fireworks . Many scenes serve no dramatic purpose and the bloated film is a good deal longer than it needs to be.The is just like the old gangster movies of yore , the endings just seem too unbelievable to what was shown before . And just like that you get a mediocre movie .
 This crime drama about a troubled , confused teen boy has some well-done elements but the overall result is n`t too exciting or innovative . Strike is a young dealer living in a dangerous and claustrophobic neighborhood , and as he becomes more involved with some bad influences his problems start to increase and leaving him in a difficult situation.Director Spike Lee uses a typical murder mystery to offer some insight into this NY community , showcasing their connections and relations . There are some stylish and edgy camera angles , the acting is generally convincent and the characters complex enough -LRB- even if a bit stereotyped -RRB- , but the movie is ultimately too long , the pacing slow , the plot unsurprising , the score melodramatic and the ending a bit weak and forced.So , despite some good moments , `` Clockers '' could have been more developed and edgier , since most of the picture offers nothing that has n`t been shown in some TV series out there . Passable entertainment .
 Academy award winner George Kennedy sleepwalks thru this one ! Very lackluster performances from the whole cast ! The only reason I gave it two stars is for fairly good cinematography . Save your time and money ! Skip this one !
 I love Westerns because I love the scenery and the music but Guns of the Magnificent Seven is really pushing my tolerance level . The acting is bad . Good actors . Nothing wrong with George Kennedy or James Whitmore . But the lines they were given and the direction was bad . Hang the writers and director . Go ahead and hang the producer too . The photography is good . Rent this movie but do n't buy it .
 I have to be honest , everything about the movie sucked ! The so called hot guy was NOT hot , the only good thing about the movie was the cute black guy .
 The only hustle here is the poor sap who gets hustled into spending bucks to see this movie because it stinks . Stinks big time . It looks like they took two dollars and got the cheapest sets and cameras they could and they begged their next door neighbors to be in the movie . The so-called hot guy isnt hot either , and if you cant figure out who Mr. Smith is ten minutes into the movie you need to get out more often . Waste of time and money .
 This was a pretty good story but the quality of the movie was very bad especially the audio . Parts of the movie I could n't hear it even by turning my volume all the way up . I continually had to have my finger on the volume control .
 Having trouble getting to sleep ? Get this movie with its bad acting , bad music , bad lighting , bad sound , and a restaurant that never has any customers , and you 'll be out cold before the second act.The only reason I made it through this snorer is that I was waiting for the twist . The relationship between Mr Smith and his hustler is so obvious that I figured it must be a setup . Well , it 's just exactly what you think it is , so there 's no need to wait around .
 The title of this DVD made me laugh , and when I laughed I decided to take a chance . Fortunately , playing Russian Roulette with DVDs is n't as dangerous as playing it with guns , because if it were MR. SMITH GETS A HUSTLER would have killed me dead.MR . SMITH is based on a way-off-Broadway play by writer Matt Swan , who appears to have survived the opening night audience at least long enough to adapt his play into an incredible barrel of tripe for the screen . A handsome young male prostitute named Bobby -LRB- Alex Feldman -RRB- supports his single mother 's alcoholism by working for a semi-evil pimp out of the most boring looking bar you can imagine -- and he meets an older and distinguished looking man named `` Mr. Smith '' -LRB- Larry Pine . -RRB- Pretty soon the two are up in Mr. Smith 's hotel room , but much to Bobby 's surprise the client does n't want do anything but talk about how Bobby 's such a nice kid . Gee ! What 's going on?Well , I 'll tell you what 's going on
 The movie was interesting and engaging . And the character Bobby is extremely attractive . But the copy of the video is bad and it is often hard to hear the conversations even at maximum volume .
 `` Mr. Smith Gets A Hustler '' is one of those gay-themed films that frequently plays to GLBT film festivals and leaves audiences with a big `` What ? '' at the end . Well acted , directed , and filmed the problem does n't lie with what 's happening on-screen , but the predictable formulaic script and its inconclusive ending . Populated with characters that are n't quite fully-fleshed it 's hard to feel any connection or empathy for the characters that come across as two dimensional . Hustlers and Pimps are portrayed as money-hungry and profoundly amoral . The mysterious Mr. Smith reveals perhaps the most of any character in the movie ; a former bank vice-president on-the-run after bilking a customer out of money . He 's in New York to try and reconcile with his son , Bobby Blue , by his estranged lover , only Bobby has no idea that Smith is his father . His discovers the secret of Mr. Smith 's true identity in a way that screams predictability and the film unfolds as an equally shady character tries to track down Smith via the hustlers , although its never clear why . Mr. Smith 's pursuer finally entices Bobby Blue up to his hotel suite to get the goods on Smith only to have Bobby 's pimp spare him by ratting out where Smith is . Another hustler , Abe , comes to save Bobby only after Smith 's pursuer has left to get Smith . Rather than trying to save Mr. Smith from his pursuer Bobby and Abe instead commiserate about what to do . The following day Bobby coaxes a hotel staffer to let him into Smith 's suite only to find it emptied , neat , and tidy . The film ends with Bobby getting into a taxi going who knows where ; the end ! Yeah . No indication of what happened to Smith , no insight into why Bobby would n't try and save Smith , no reflection on what Bobby is feeling other than his facial expressions as the credits roll . My hunch is he does n't really care about Smith , life goes on . The sound quality is terrible ... very muddled and mixed very low ; I had to max out the volume of it on my DVD player and STILL could barely hear the dialog . `` Mr. Smith '' is emblematic of the current rash of gay-themed films without neat tidy endings that not only leave far too much to the viewer 's imagination -LRB- not necessarily a bad thing -RRB- , but that fail to engage the viewer . You feel no connection or interest to the characters and as a result none to the film . The theme here is that life is brutal , nasty , and short ... if you care about people you 'll only get your feelings hurt . Trapped in the Me-First zeitgeist of the 1990s it reveals nothing about the characters and there really is no moral to the story other than to look out for yourself and your own interests ; how depressing .
 The only thing that might be good about this film is its cover art work . Even that leaves a lot to be desired . I wish I had n't wasted the time watching it . I would have given it negative stars but it was n't an option .
 Another gay theme film I watched holding my finger on `` forward '' button . Of course it is an american production . I write `` of course '' because I have never seen movies with gay issues so bad as those made in US -LRB- WITH ONLY A FEW DECENT EXCEPTIONS -RRB- . `` Mr Smith gets ... '' is boring . The director tried too much to shoot ... yeah , what kind of movie is this btw . A thriller ? A drama?The whole enterprise is amatourish . Acting , pictures , script ... Do n't waste you time and money on this crap .
 After the incredibly painful download of this unbox player , the Video is the G rated version , edited & censored , same as on basic cable . All the nudity is blurred out , all the language bleeped , etc. . . you 'd think it would be the unedited version since your paying for it ... but no.If you want to see the G rated version of the show , then it 's good but , sorry it 's aggravating to pay for something and have it censored.Amazon should have cleared stated `` Edited for Basic Cable Version '' .
 Havent gotten it yet but I do reccomend buying it . What else to say I thought this season was wonderful since we got to see there indival monsters and how they dealt with them . Oh I didnt dislike any of the new characters except for Nora which she is now a regular which I dont like.I give it two stars since the DVD is not out yet .
 This movie is VERY dated and does not stand the test of time . A mediorce movie in its day , is not even that by today 's standards especially by how much we now know about the condition of Titanic . Not a very plausible movie , I mainly just bought because I wanted to see it as a kid and did not . If you see this movie in a $ 1 rack - buy to satisfy your curiousity , but do not waste a good afternoon with it . Save it for a rainy day when there is nothing else to watch .
 I read the Book By Clive Cussler and it was an Excellent Read ... I go out a year or two later and see the movie they made out of the book and it too was great because , well , they were n't exactly doing too much with The Titanic back in 1980 anyways ... I go out a few years later when I got my first VCR and purchased the VHS version of RAISE THE TITANIC and it was Awesome because it was right around the time Ballard found the real one but yet was disappointed to find out that the movie was n't exactly accurate because Cussler had the ship in one piece but who knew ???? ... So I watch the VHS version for years and years until ... Enter the world of DVDs , I say GREAT , FINALLY , RAISE THE TITANIC on DVD ? , I sure as hell hope so , so I wait and wait and wait and what do I get ? , I get Raise the Titanic On DVD with another turkey of a movie I never heard of BUT WAIT , I call it up on Amazon and low and behold , there it is on a DVD all by itself ... BUT ... it 's REGION 2 ... Now THAT 'S DISTRESS !!! What 's the matter with the company ? , they busting chops or something ? , they ca n't get a license to put it out on REGION 1 all by itself ? , come on people , this is the 21st century , we put a man on the moon , we can fit tons of info on a chip the size of a pinhead , they put out far inferior movies they have no business putting out before this one on DVD and we ca n't get the movies we want on DVD , this just is n't right .
 I 'm hooked on Clive Cussler novels and when I saw there was a movie made from the novel `` Raising the Titanic , '' I jumped on it . I got the movie and watched it yesterday . It was lousy ! Made in the 70s with an obvious 70s feel to it -LRB- which was tolerable -RRB- , but the actor portraying Dirk Pitt was wrong , his portrayal of Dirk Pitt was wrong , there was very little action although the novel was filled with it , they did n't tie up plot lines , etc. . In short , it was terrible . There 's another movie on the same disk , `` Man Friday . '' I have no idea what it is about , but I 'll give it a shot and see if it 's worth keeping the disk , although I doubt it . If you 're a Cussler fan like I am , keep the novel , but do n't , repeat , do n't get this movie .
 I would recomend this title if you have to have this movie . I bought it for the Titanic title since there is no other way to have it by its own . The quality of the picture is at most `` fair '' , the audio is in the same category . Like I said , I just buoght it because I loved the movie and the score . So there you have it . As soon as there is a remastered version I would buy it in a heartbeat .
 I saw it years and years ago it was much better then but entertaining since I am a diehard Titanic Buff .
 This is one of the most shameful attempts to plug religion into science I have ever seen . He interprets random studies that have n't been reviewed as evidence of a unified consciousness . This `` consciousness '' is what he says is god like , and he backs this completely illogical conclusion up with the fact he has a degree in a completely different field . This conclusion is obviously a reflection of his eastern background , if he was from America , Uganda , or Iran he would have a different look on it . He is basically pulling a creationist christian ploy , I do n't understand this ... must be a god . Its just a giant philosophical rant without actual evidence for anything.I never got why he kept calling science materialistic as well it did n't really make sense when you look at the meaning of the word . This `` documentary in all was just a giant rant about how eastern philosophy and religion totally fits into science -LRB- without supplying any evidence -RRB- . I respect him for his contributions to science but he needs to stop looking for holes to insert religion in .
 Although Dr Goswami indicates there are studies to show a specificrandomness in nature which is controlled by God at a quantum levelhe does not specifically cite the study -LRB- s -RRB- . He leaves it up to theviewer to except his hypothesis since he is a Dr. This opens thedoor to his theories . Much like how Thor in the movie explains thequantum bridge but leaves the details to the viewer 's imagination.It 's also the secret to persuasion . Only tell enough to wet thebeak , since details will only get in the way . The real study by Grinbergis criticized -LRB- to find study google Evidence for Quantum Brain Fluctuations -RRB- . It shows that the transferred correlated EEG waves only occurred 1 in 4times . This could be attributed to a state of emotion and consciousnessrealized between two individuals who synch up emotionally by meditatingtogether , rather than some metaphysical realization of God or quantum stateof entanglement.Let 's take this to the next level . Why would God be involvedin superseding the natural path of things to happen by providingalmost indecipherable , random outcomes rather than purely predictable?This seems to be allot of work , rather than a more simple explanation.Random outcomes happen especially when man and machine are combined alongwith software errors and built-in machine imperfections . Ever had windowscrash on your computer , or your car not start ? Dr Goswami touts theexample of a driver getting from point A to B faster with more green lightssince there is presumably a God interfering and giving him green lights toexpedite his emergency journey . Thus , his theory is based on ratherlackluster outcomes that the subconscious starts . So Dr Goswami 's God isnot all to powerful , and by definition is not truly an omnipotent God , butrather a little helper in the quantum soup of life . If your an atheist , this documentary could be it 's best defense . Since if this is the bestscience has to offer , then there is very little chance God exists.What science does know about quantum physics is that there is a built-in randomness at a quantum level . Also , your very observation can changethe outcome . This is not because of a God , but likely because thematter at the quantum level is susceptible to outside influences , muchlike a particle of dust is more likely to move when you open the door toa room .
 This video has nothing to do with Quantum Mechanics in the classical sense . A total waste of money . Could barely understand Mr. Goswami 's very heavy accent . Do not waste your money or time watching this piece of crap video .
 In Transgressing the Boundaries
 First of all . . it would n't play in my main DVD . Second of all it would play in my computer DVD but I could n't understand Dr. Goswami 's heavy accent . Worse , the background music is too , too loud and drowns out his soft Indian accent and voice . This DVD cost me $ 30 and I wish I had that back . I could n't concentrate on what he was saying at all . If money is important to you , skip this one . No stars from me .
 I am a big follower of Quantum Mechanics and do know that the material world consists of possibilities of consciousness.Goswami goes on to say , `` Consciousness can choose out of material possibilities the Actual Event of Experience . `` Then he states that the `` ego '' can not choose , but only the `` Cosmic Consciousness '' can choose . For example , he cites that you can not will a car into your life , b/c this desire comes from the ego.I disagree vehemently with this hypothesis . Whether it be Ego or Cosmic Consciousness , we are constantly molding our reality . Every thought is a paint brush on the canvas of our lives.Then Goswami quotes another Quantum Physicist , Fred Alan Wolf , `` You Create Your Own Reality . '' Goswami then explains that he disagrees with this quote b/c once again our intentions must come from Cosmic Consciousness vs. Ego.Everyone and everybody is molding their reality with EVERY THOUGHT we think whether it comes from Cosmic Consciousness or the primal Ego.Whether my wish is `` to lose weight '' , `` get a car '' , `` become President of the US '' ... etc , just hold your intention and keep fighting for your dream . Who cares if these wishes are from the Ego or Cosmic Consciousness?According to William Tiller , Ph.D , -LRB- Another Quantum Physcist -RRB- the KEY is to `` hold your intention '' day after day , week after week , year after year . Do NOT GIVE UP ! Tiller states b/c we do not maintain our intention , the Universe does not then , know how to respond to our wishes.A GREAT and BETTER DVD TO WATCH IS BY WILLIAM TILLER , Ph.D. -LRB- ANOTHER QUANTUM PHYSCIST -RRB- , `` CONSCIOUS ACTS OF CREATION '' . In this DVD , Tiller shows that holding the intention is important and having a strong emotion attached to the intention adds Power to the intention . This DVD shows how holding the intention has an immediate effect on reality whether it be changing the pH of a water sample , or speeding the maturation process on a colony of fruit flies.Tiller does not discern if the intention is Ego vs. Cosmic Consciousness.Be warned though , Tiller 's DVD is a bit dry and very scientific . However , he empirically and scientifically proves how if we hold intentions -LRB- WHETER IT COMES FROM EGO OR COSMIC CONSCIOUSNESS -RRB- , WE WILL alter our reality .
 I thought it was interesting in the beginning , until I realized this was n't science at all -LRB- just because you call it science , does n't make it science -RRB-
 I looked forward to see what a scientist could say about mind and consciousness . I was disappointed to find nothing of substance . I found only philosophical points of view and nothing that I would characterize as scientific such as is contained in some other publications from outside mainstream science . At the beginning of the film Dr Goswami references an occasion when he was very envious of other scientists that gave interesting lectures and he obviously decided to do something about it . He has now apparently become guru for many persons that think he is very great and he searches to recruit others to his group of quantum activists . He has certainly succeeded in his endeavor , but on the expense of insight and advance of science.The film has many clips to support associations , which makes it less dull . The clipping has also made a great job of putting together sequences from several interviews and lectures .
 Clearly , if consciousness is the ground of matter then conscious can choose ... uh ... something about you and your friend coming to a stoplight.There 's no difference between this film and a Deepak Chopra lecture in the complete lack of substantive content . There is no there there . We are to be convinced that whatever it is he 's driving at is true because of the tone of his voice and his charming hat . His experiments on quantum consciousness would be dramatic ... if they were actually scientifically analyzed and proven . But they 're not . He SAYS they are . And sounds like he means it . But ... they 're not . He claims many things . He uses the probability wave function as a metaphor for ... pretty much everything . He smirks a lot and tells cute jokes.Non-locality of consciousness and discontinuity of creativity ... is ... um . Do be do be do ... And then he espouses the basic Buddhist philosophy of compassion . And somehow that is intended to tie back to quantum mechanics because he 's a physicist.The film is just a disappointing new age shrine to this guy . It has no meaningful content on quantum physics nor on serious investigation into the personal experience of consciousness . Instead , it 's smoke and mirrors and pseudo-science used to bewilder the viewer into a false sense of enlightenment.Don ' t waste your time .
 Before writing this review , I noticed that this ` documentary ' has 4 stars here on Amazon Instant ... Face . Palm . Wow , this was so mind-bendingly awful that I could not get more than half way . The ideas this guy espouses are really nothing anyone has n't said before or anything you couldnt come up with yourself given a six-pack , a box of crayons , and a philosophy 101 class . As a philosophy major myself , there was n't anything he said that I could n't immediately refute . A message of hope based on lies leaves you with no hope at all . This ` documentary ' is what happens when scientists try to philosophize . Do n't quit your day job , pal .
 Another reviewer commented that this movie is a decent action flick , but as a bio-picture , it 's actually very poor . And guess what ... that reviewer was right!I 'm a big Bruce Lee fan & maybe it 's just me , but if I 'm going to see a movie that purports to feature the life of a particular person , I expect to see just that , no baloney , no b.s. ! I understand that some things have to be condensed & changed for dramatic purposes , because of the time frame of the movie format.But , c'mon ! Most of this picture is just innacurate & a lot of it is pure fantasy!Check out the two Biography Specials on Bruce Lee from A & E if you want to know what the life of this late , great innovater & genius was really like!If you want action , watch a Jackie Chan or an old Shaw Brothers flick.But if you 're expecting a reasonably accurate portrayal of Lee 's life , avoid this mess like the plague !
 DRAGON was a 1993 film about the life of legendary Bruce Lee . The movie was fun to watch , but had far too many low points.First of all , it was quite entertaining . Hoky at times , but fun to watch . The location filming is good , and the movie is worth owning if , like me , you are an avid Bruce Lee fan.The biggest problem with this film is that , dispite it 's entertainment value , it was not true to life . It mixes up the events of his life , makes things up , and over-dramatizes pointless parts . It also often makes Lee look much weaker than he really was . Lee could finish off opponents in a short amount of time if he wanted to , but in DRAGON , he often takes much longer to do so -LRB- in fights that did n't even happen -RRB- . He even comes close to losing in a lot of the fights!Despite all the lows , the main back-story is correct , and the movie is great to watch . Seriously though , the best Bruce Lee biography you will find is the one that airs on TLC -LRB- a Canadian channel I believe -RRB- . Unfortunately , I do n't know it 's title , but it was an excellent , touching biography .
 I can not believe how many people have given this movie four and five stars . I do n't care how much it does or does not stick to Bruce Lee 's actual life , this movie was just plain bad . Most of the fight scenes were horribly fake , and it had some of the corniest , most melodramatic lines I 'd ever heard . Look , I love Bruce Lee as much as anybody else , but this movie was just no good and was a real disappointment to watch .
 The Director botched a wonderful story . This version of Bruce Lee 's Life is so far from the truth that it 's a crime ! How Linda Lee got cond into letting this fly is beyond me -LRB- I hope she got paid `` real well '' -RRB- . The Book that this movie is based on would have made a great movie ... too bad the director never read it !!
 The Dragon Dies Hard was a cheap , trashy Hong Kong bio pic of the 70s . Sadly Dragon The Bruce Lee Story was n`t all that much better.Execpt that Van Williams TVs Green Hornet has a cameo the buget is clearly bigger.As for the film it was as silly as it ` s Chinese counter part.I gave it one star but I must say that is kind.Jason Scott Lee ends up maki ng Bruce Lee look like a geek when he keeps saying I ` m Bruce Lee.Lauren Holly is acceptable in the ro ll of Linda Lee.There is no attempt in this film t tell us anything we do n`t already know about the m am Bruce Lee.I have to admit that I purchased this movie because it is part of a series of films I ke ep in my collection related to Bruce Lee .
 To me , it is dissappointing . . Perhaps I 'm narrow minded . . but judging from what I know from the documentary DVD `` Bruce Lee
 The Bruce Lee Story , is the Worst Movie they can make about him . They should have called it the LINDA LEE STORY , because that is what the film really was about the reason why she Linda Lee like the film so much and given it 's approval for the making and the release of the film not because it showed a good likeness of the man but because cause the movie itself was really based on her life with Bruce Lee . she her character actually was played out extremely well in the film . I would never buy this video it 's a total rip-off and a WASTE OF TIME some other producers and director I think can and should make a better Bruce Lee documentary other than this piece of crap . Let 's just call this the LINDA LEE STORY . Cause that is what the film really is about Linda Lee , the woman in Bruce 's life . But using Bruce Lee 's name to make the money and they all know it too . SHAME on them . I truly believe most Bruce Lee fans were and are still very much disappointed with this bull hyped up film . People ... do n't even think about it , Do n't throw your money away . If the title were The THE LINDA LEE STORY ? Yes good perhaps the film would be worth watching but do n't waste your time thinking BRUCE LEE . Total JOKE of a movie .
 SORRY . NO STARS . THIS FILM SHOULD OF BEEN NAMED `` THE NOT SO , TOTALY UNTRUE , BRUCE LEE STORY `` Well first I should say that the movie itself was slightly entertaining , and the acting and action was OK , but THIS FILM IS TOTALLY UNTRUE ! I would say 85 % fabricated . Everything from Bruce hurting his back -LRB- he actaully injured his back doing morning glory exercises -RRB- to writing the Tao of Jeet Kune Do -LRB- which was published after Bruce 's death -RRB- If you read the book that this movie was based on then you will see for yourself . `` The Bruce Lee Story '' By Linda Lee . Read the book and tell me if this movie is EVEN CLOSE TO THE TRUTH . I cant understand how Bruce 's family could let the movie be made in that way , they must have been paid alot of money to fabricate Bruce 's life , but oh well . For entertainment its ok , for the truth about Bruce 's honored life , its total Bull Sh ** . Bruce was and still is the most influencial martial artist to date . My suggestion is , if you want the truth read the book . Hopefully one day they will make a `` real '' film about the short , but wonderful life of the greatest martial artist who ever lived.That would be far better then this made up film .
 DRAGON is a good action movie as far as action movies go , but it is NOT the Bruce Lee story.The movie is a purely fictional account of the life of Bruce Lee.The only thing somewhat true to life is the timeline regarding Hong Kong.Just a few problems :1 . very little of the fighting looked anything like Wing Chun or Jeetkunedo , 2 . Lee hurt his back LIFTING WEIGHTS , repeat , lifting weights , around 1970 . Wong Jak Man did not injure Lee 's back!In real life , Wong was too busy running away from Lee to hurt Lee 's back.Lee 's match with Wong took place at lee 's school , not before some council of old men in San Fran . 3 . The movie portrayal of Yip Man was pure fiction ; 4 . The TAO was published from Lee 's notes after his death in 1973 , not during the mid-60s ; 5 . Lee fought the Thai boxer in the ring according to Thai rules , not on the set of a movie , throwing bricks ; 6 . the DRAGON movie did nothing to portray Lee 's friendships in America : those he shared with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Dan INosanto , Jimmy Lee , Leo Fong , Taky Kimura , Jhoon Rhee , Joe Lewis , Chuck Norris , Master mark , or a dozen other people.Too bad that people see this junk and think it is an accurate bio .
 I have to say this movie is terribly exaggerated and untrue . Especially the scene in the movie where Bruce Lee is getting beat up and has to fight for his life in the ice house . This part of the movie never happened . Bruce Lee never got beat up and he never fought the gung fu San Francisco man 's brother . Bruce Lee also never got his back broke in a fight . Bruce suffered a pinched nerve in his back through improper weight training . Any true Bruce Lee fan knows this movie is not accurate . If your going to do a movie about Bruce Lee at least make it accurate . I gave 2 stars instead one out of respect for Bruce . However I do n't believe Bruce would have ever approved of this film .
 Whatever merits this movie could have as an entertainment vehicle , it was lost due to one simple reason
 Truth is stranger than fiction . The old axiom falls on deaf ears , as the producers , writers and director fabricate a total collection of LIES purporting to be the BRUCE LEE story . The ONLY fact in the movie which are even remotely accurate , is that a man named Bruce Lee existed . Sheeeesh ... where to begin ? In every fight scene in this movie `` Bruce '' flips flies and defies gravity at every turn , the type of `` wire-fu '' that the real Bruce Lee HATED ! Bruce did NOT get into a fight -LRB- on the set of The BIg Boss -RRB- with a revenge seeking brother of a defeated foe , as Bruce injured his back LIFTING WEIGHTS not fighting some long-haired extra from a bad chop-sockey movie , a term BTW which is used in the film in what is supposed to be the 60 's a decade before it was ever coined ... lets see what else ... The Tao of Jeet Kune Do was published AFTER Bruce died ... Lee was already running his own kung-fu school -LRB- in Seattle -RRB- when he met his wife-to-be ; he did not open this school at her suggestion , as the film indicates ... Lee did NOT suffer from hallucinations , Lee began training at age 13 not as a child as depicted , Bruce was a successful child star with some 10 + films to his credit before going to America in 1958 not 1961 as stated in the movie ... ARRRRGGGHHHHH ... just be warned EVERYTHING in this movie has NOTHING to do with Bruce Lee 's real life , art and philosophy . This `` film '' is a sacrilege ! To be avoided at all costs ... check out the A&E Biography and A WARRIORS JOURNEY , plus the bonus features on the ENTER THE DRAGON dvd for ACCURATE FACTS about the Martial Arts Genius , BRUCE LEE !
 Many of the events in this movie are totally fabricated . Rather discouraging to true martial arts fans . The fights are entertaining enough , but do n't compare to the action you see in HK films .
 Technically , at least this movie was made with a decent budget , contrary to most biopics made about Bruce 's life . But this is practically its only merit . This movie is an useless piece of sh . . t.This could be called `` DRAGON
 This movie was horrible . Bruce Lee did n't hurt his back in a fight , he hurt it while lifting weights . The fight scenes were like some of Jackie Chans fight scenes . This movie did n't show at all how the man really was and what really took place in his life.I could n't wait for this movie to come out , and when I saw it it made me sick . Watch the A&E documentary or Bruce Lee The Curse of The Dragon to find out how he really lived and what he did for the martial arts .
 I 'm a die-hard Bruce Lee fan . If you 're looking for a good film about Bruce Lee , this is not it . Sorry , but despite Jason Scott Lee and Lauren Holly giving very good performances , this film is about as historically accurate as a tabloid story on Madonna 's intact virginity.What is described as Cohen 's ` artistic license ' is in plain English another Hollywood money grubber exploiting Bruce by manufacturing lies to sell a film and line his pockets at the expense of Bruce 's life . Bruce would be outraged at this blatant rip-off ! You should be too.If you want to know about the real Bruce , see the films Enter The Dragon , Return of the Dragon , Fists of Fury and The Chinese Connection . Also read his books such as the Tao of Jeet Kune Do , the Tao of Gung Fu , and the series entitled Bruce Lee 's Fighting Method by Bruce and M. Uyehara . And whatever you do , do n't reward Cohen for ripping off Bruce Lee and his legacy .
 The DVD would not play on any of our DVD or BlueRay products . It was not clear when I purchased this that it would not play in Australia .
 Hopelessly stiff in some parts , and unfunny in others , `` Slaves of New York '' does n't have any center . James Ivory was perhaps a poor choice as a director ; there is a restrained quality to the movie and nothing seems spontaneous . Ivory seemed to be trying for his own Altmanesque collage ; the truth is , Altman should have been the one to direct this in the first place.The casting is n't much better
 This film with it 's enormous cast of talented actors portraying and poking fun at the Bohemian life of artists and their world in 1980 's New York City is a totally not-funny , misdirected dull and completely annoying piece of pretentious story telling . It is a total waste of 125 minutes of life.Perhaps in the hands of Robert Altman , this film might have moved cleverly , but James Ivory is totally out of his or any element trying to make this film breathe with any form of artistic life or sensibility.This film fails as a comedy , a drama AND as a stinging indictment on the artistic world and it 's view on relationships . The sight gags fall flat . The characters go no where as they drift along from person to person and place to place in the concrete jungle where life is cold and heartless for the starving artist.Even Eleanor , -LRB- Peters -RRB- , in her attempt to get a life and have a fulfilling relationship is bogged down and unsympathetic in it 's portrayal . This film has no soul whatsoever and trying to find anyone with which this artist/musician could identify was impossible . Bernadette Peters ' genius is wasted . Actors such as Chris Sarandon , Stanley Tucci , Mercedes Ruehl and Steve Buscemi are total throwaways in this avant-garde portrayal of social climbers and pretentious self-seekers in New York.We are left with one conclusion
 Not since Hamlet , King Lear , perhaps not the entire complete works of William Shakespeare has any production created by mortal man or higher power come close to matching the brilliance That is `` Furry Hamsters From Hell '' . Including such astounding acting talent of such caliber that the likes of Tom Hanks and Morgan Freeman could only dream of reaching the star level required for this Oscar Nomination Film . No , I must correct myself , merely nominating this fine cinema lowers it to a simple banal , pedestrian movie status for yea as the Gods of Olympus would agree , this fine film must pass over Nomination and just be delivered it 's Oscar without delay.Supplied on a copied DVD-R you know you 're getting something extra special when you purchase this . No need for gaudy , ostentatious packaging here . No , Just an HP printer and a DVD burner in the garage of the mother of one of the soon to be most famous directors in the history of all mankind is all that is needed when dealing with a masterpiece of such pure brilliance that must be destined to last a thousand years .
 I agree with Peter , good film for the `` kiddies '' . I watched this film when it came out and loved it . I was only 9 at the time . Almost 20 years pass without seeing it and suddenly I remember parts of the movie ... and do an extensive 2-3 week search for the title . As soon as I found the title , I found a copy for sale , ordered it , and recieved it today . And painfully sat thru the 79 minutes -LRB- seemed like 179 minutes -RRB- . It 's just boring for lack of a better word . My favorite `` stupid lines ''
 The best thing one can say about Heartbeeps is that you get a chance first hand to see what killed Andy Kaufman 's film career . I 'm not kidding . It 's like watching a three year old child crush it 's finger in a car door
 If you are a true Andy Kaufman fan , you must see this . However you will probably never want to do so again . I chuckled lightly once or twice . Much of the time I was mystified . Time slowed to a crawl . Spots on the wall became interesting . My viewing partners and I struck up side conversations without pausing the tape . The `` Crimebuster '' reminded me of RoboCop but you know what . . ? RoboCop was pretty funny . Heartbeeps is n't .
 kaufman is utterly wasted in this film , the few laughs are of course due to his funny vocal inflections but there is nothing else going on in this movie . thank god i rented this movie for only a dollar . rent it if you must but beware
 I saw this movie when it came out ... I was 9 years old ... and it was horrible . I liked Andy from Taxi ... FYI ... not everything meant for kids is high quality stuff . This is a bore . . What was Andy thinking !
 This movie is ` da worst!Kaufman as a robot?Who can tell , the guy 's got no talent ... I 'm more talented than Kaufman .
 Andy Kaufman and Bernadette Peters are robots in futuristic 1995 in this little-seen 1981 Christmas release . ValCom 89045 -LRB- Kaufman -RRB- and AquaCom 17485 -LRB- Peters -RRB- meet and fall in love and even build a baby out of spare parts ! Comic relief is attempted but not achieved by a Henny Youngman-type robot called Catskil -LRB- get it ? -RRB- . The only things this curiosity has going for it are a meager 79-minute running time and some inventive makeup designed by Stan Winston.Your kids may never speak to you again if you force them to sit and watch this , which may not necessarily be a bad thing .
 The film lacks a concrete story , has it 's little moments , but will put you to sleep faster than Sominex . Andy Kaufman and Ms Peters were far too talented for this script . A nice film for the kiddies , not totally bad , considering the pile of makeup they had to wear . If you like Kaufman , it will make you laugh a bit , but overall it 's a dog .
 This video preaches violence and has little substance . With all of the valid criticism of the Federal Reserve , our fiat currency system , the IRS , government spending and globalism , the last thing we need is a violent revolution.The danger is that videos like this will turn people away from understanding the real problems in our society .
 This movie advocates violence . Violence begets violence . Justice and peace is gained through knowledge and the practical application of same.Granted the documentary does bring up valid issues but the depiction of murdering people as a way of fixing these issues is sickening at best.The little bit of information that is in this Documentary is better learned through books such as The Authoritarians by Bob Altemeyer and Political Ponerology -LRB- A Science on the Nature of Evil Adjusted for Political Purposes -RRB- by Andrzej M. Lobaczewski and Laura Knight-Jadczyk , just to name a few . A good video to investigate would be Evidence of Revision.Educate yourself , think objectively and remember , Knowledge Protects , Ignorance Endangers .
 A superstar passes away , and his managers/publicists/writers are unsure of their futures in the biz . If they can take a no-talent `` Blue Collar '' guy and transform HIM into a star , then their place in history is assured . Or somethin' like that - it 's a novel idea . Too bad that Everett Sloan , Phil Harris , Keenan Wynn , Ina Balin , John Carradine , Peter Lorre , and Scatman Cruthers are saddled with downbeat dialogue and stilted direction . But there are a few hilarious scenes -LRB- his first rehearsal , his first club appearance , and an incredible Ed Sullivan self-parody -RRB- .
 Whether or not Co-writer/Director/Actor Jerry Lewis knew it or not , he made what was supposed to be a significant `` Black comedy '' , on a level with `` Network '' , and many others . Because of once again spreading himself too thin , i.e. , not re-shooting scenes , dragging out pointless bits , and over-exaggerating the mugging , he offers an uneven comedy , mixing brilliance with amateurish self-indulgence . A famous entertainer dies in a tragic plane crash and his staff is left without work . The opening sequence is wordy , but effective
 Most L & H fans know that the boys made a long series of MGM/FOX pictures which reflected the big studio `` assembly line '' film-making approach and the wartime atmosphere . Students of film comedy understand how the `` traditional '' Stan & Ollie would be somewhat suppressed in that regard . However , it 's very sad to watch a decent premise with great performers go COMPLETELY to waste , as it does in AAW - the presence of Edgar Kennedy should lift th proceedings ; instead it reinforces the melancholia . I found the drunken scene most distasteful . Still , L & H followers might want to place it somewhere on their video carousel for an occasional peep into what could have been .
 Some comedies come to life with an audience . `` Air Raid Wardens '' is a real `` audience '' picture , with Stan and Ollie bumbling their way through air-raid duty , first-aid practice , and spy-catching . As usual with Laurel & Hardy , you can see the jokes coming . Audiences loved this underrated film in ' 43 . It 's got some good scenes , but you 'll either admire or hate the `` sad '' episodes where the boys have to play it straight .
 The best aspect of this Laurel and Hardy `` double feature '' is the excellent print quality . In fact , the Warner DVD transfers are far superior to Hallmark 's pathetic L&H product . Unfortunately , `` Air Raid Wardens '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- and `` Nothing But Trouble '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- find Stan and Ollie submerged in the cold rigidness of MGM 's studio system - the same fate that greeted Buster Keaton , the Marx Brothers and Our Gang . The boys deliver a few laughs in these later efforts , but the fun and spontaneity of the Hal Roach days are long gone .
 Just about any Laurel & Hardy biography or film book had the same opinion . `` Blockheads '' was the teams last great movie . Then the team was temporally split up with Laurel going off to produce B westerns and Hardy getting the lead role in `` Zenobia '' . This was the dividing mark in their career . They re-teamed but the films their following films `` A Chump At Oxford '' , `` Flying Deuces '' and `` Saps At Sea '' were all pretty weak . Then the Laurel and Hardy left Hal Roach for a contract at 20th Century Fox to make a series of movies and Fox executives sabotaged the team -LRB- perhaps deliberately -RRB- with bad movies that gradually grew worse until they hit rock bottom with `` The Bullfighters '' . The boys also made a couple of movies for MGM studios but did no better as that studio had no idea how to make comedies . After a five year hiatus from movies the team returned to redeem themselves in the film `` Atoll K '' which was far superior to the Fox movies in plot but was hurt by Stan Laurels medical condition at the time of filming as well as the language barrier between cast members and crew . Another agreement was that `` Jitterbugs '' was the one good film to be made at the time but was nowhere as good at the teams weakest Roach movie , and another was that `` The Big Bang '' was the worst Laurel and Hardy movie ever made . Since the Fox and MGM movies were rarely shown on television and by the 90 's had been out of circulation for decades there was no way for anyone other than film historians to make this evaluation . For the rest of us the only available Laurel & Hardy movies was `` Flying Deuces '' which was public domain and therefore shown many times on television , and `` March of the Wooden Soldiers '' which returned every year around Thanksgiving and/or near Christmas . Also about every five years Hal Roach would temporarily release several of his Laurel & Hardy movies to syndication and had allowed Blackhawk Films to release them to the home theater market . When VHS became a factor in the 80 's Nostalgia Merchant , Video Treasures , and Cabin Fever videos released most of the Hal Roach sound movies while `` Atoll K '' which was public domain was released by just about every cheap home video company under it 's American release title `` Utopia '' . From what we saw `` March Of The Wooden Soldiers '' was a great film as the other Roach movies were of about equal quality , `` Flying Deuces '' was weak compared with those movies , and `` Utopia '' was weaker than `` Flying Deuces '' and disturbing . There seemed to be merit in the story that the Fox films were crap.But then in 1992 MGM/UA decided to release the Laurel & Hardy movies they owned the rights to onto the home video sales market . Previously they had made `` Bonnie Scotland '' available to video rental shops or anyone else willing to pay $ 90 for a VHS tape . CBS/FOX had released `` Great Guns '' and `` The Bull Fighters '' to the rental shop market as well . The high price of these videos kept them out of most video retail stores and very few rental shops bought them for their nostalgia sections as `` Flying Deuces '' and `` Utopia '' were available for $ 10 . With `` Devil 's Brother '' and `` Bonnie Scotland '' now mass produced and available for under $ 20 MGM/UA had a hit on their hands and quickly dug into their vaults for any other Laurel and Hardy movies they owned the rights to . They came up with `` Hollywood Party '' , `` Pick A Star '' , and the Robert Youngson compilation `` Laurel & Hardy 's Laughing 20 's '' . And then there was `` Air Raid Wardens '' and `` Nothing But Trouble '' which were released a year later . For the first time the mass public had the chance in decades to evaluate the Fox era movies for themselves . I myself a Laurel & Hardy fan bought them out of curiosity and was surprised to see that they were not the horrible train wrecks that they had been made out to be . Perhaps it was the Fox movies that were crap ? But then in 1995 Fox released `` The Big Noise '' to the home market . That movie was reputed to be their worse , so imagine my surprise when I found many parts of the movie funny . The truth is that the post Roach movies are not bad at all . Sure they do not live up to the quality of the teams past movies , but they do stand up to almost anything Abbot and Costello or any other comedians were releasing at the same time . They were the style of comedies that were being made in the 1940 's , a time when these movies were filled with gangsters and Nazi spies no matter what studio you worked for . It is what the audiences wanted at that time.Part of the reason why the later films get such a bad rap is because of the cult of Hal Roach . We are all lead to believe that Roach could do no wrong and if only Laurel and Hardy had stayed at that studio then they would have been making great comedies well into the 1950 's . Leaving Roach was suppose to be their worst decision ever . This is far from true . Roach Studios did have an advantage over the other Hollywood studios during the 1920 's and 30 's as the comedians were given the freedom to craft their own movies . But that freedom began to erode towards the end of the 30 's . Roach was phasing out shorts and was going into feature films . This meant more of an investment per picture and therefore Roach was increasingly taking a more hands on approach to each movie to protect his investments . `` March Of The Wooden Soldiers '' may have become an all time classic , but it was forced on Laurel & Hardy who would have rather been doing a different movie ate that time . More and more their movies were filled with romantic B plots with two other characters . `` Blockheads '' was just a fluke , a film that Roach had given Laurel full creative control over because it was only being made on the cheap to satisfy some contractual obligations that the studio had with Bank of America . The bank was giving Roach studios a loan , but since the papers were filled with rumors that Stan Laurel was ready to quit and break up the comedy team the bank refused to approve the loan unless they saw that another Laurel & hardy movie was in production and being filmed . Roach and Laurel had an agreement that the team start production on a movie immediately and once the bank approved the loan the movie would be abandoned and the team would go back to writing the pirate movie they were originally developing . Laurel ended up completing half of `` Blockheads '' and Roach decided to allow him to complete it and release it as a feature . Taking a look at the prior Laurel & Hardy movie `` Swiss Miss '' you can plainly see that the Roach movies were starting to go downhill with unnecessary musical numbers and romantic subplots . When Laurel returned to the studio in 1939 it was under the agreement that they would do streamliners which were 40 minute movies that were short enough to release as B features but long enough not to be shorts . Both movies were 20 minute plots padded out to 40 minutes , and Roach would later ask the boys to film 20 more minutes of footage for each movie so they could be lengthened to features . This explains their poor pacing compared to the previous movies . It is all possible that if Laurel had agreed to a team contract with Roach that they still would have made forced into making their own version of `` Buck Privates '' as they would later do at Fox . And lets not forget that Laurel always had the opportunity to resign with Roach to do any movies . The fact that he did not and continued doing movies for Fox and MGM indicated that he would no longer have the artistic freedom at that studio that Roach had given them in the past.But most of the blame for the poor reputation the Fox era films got was from John McCabe . He was the teams personal biographer and had gotten the impression from comments made by Stan Laurel that the Fox moves were terrible and just got worse with each film . However , it is more likely that Stan was talking about working conditions and studio relations rather than film quality . When Everson released his filmography book `` The Complete Films of Laurel & Hardy '' he wrote as little as possible on the post Roach movies . The synopsis of each was reduced to as few sentences as possible and the commentary of each was no more than a paragraph which usually commented on how tragic it was that the quality was dropping off with each movie -LRB- Everson 's personal opinion -RRB- . This would continue in other books including Randy Skretvedt 's `` Laurel & Hardy
 I thought hard about what was wrong with this film and came to the conslusion that it just is n't very funny . It has its moments and early scenes show promise with Stan and Ollie turning an air raid wardens ' meeting into a fiasco and then making a mess of a dummy-run , but all too soon you 're longing for the days of Hal Roach . King of slow-burn Edgar Kennedy is under-used and the plot seems to drift aimlessly throughout the later parts of the film until it reaches a rather limp conclusion.If you 're a fan of Laurel and Hardy who ca n't find any of or have seen all their better films then this is worth a look . Otherwise do n't bother .
 The backstory of this film has been told many times
 I 'll keep this brief because I could only stand to watch the first 45 minutes . Then I decided to do something more entertaining so I watered the lawn . If the rest of the film was like the first 45 minutes , I feel very sorry for my wife enduring this thing . I understand that it was actually pretty good , but I just could not finish this one .
 I am so happy that I read the book first . That way , I was able to truly enjoy the way the author of the book , Nicholas Sparks , wanted this truly amazing love story to be portrayed . This movie did not do the book any justice . I did not feel the chemistry of the main characters the same way I felt it in the book . I also believe that the director strayed too far from the actual basis of the story . I could not wait for the movie to be over .
 At the end of this movie , I felt ripped-off and betrayed . I had invested 2 hours of my time and emotion on an excellent movie , only to have it spoiled by an awful ending that came out of nowhere . To me the ending of a movie can make or break it . If you agree , do n't bother with this movie . If you disagree , see it . The rest of the movie is wonderful - good acting , believable and interesting characters , good story , good pacing . The director should have quit while he was ahead .
 This movie is NOT a must-see . It will leave you with a `` nothing '' feeling and you will find yourself saying , '' I ca n't believe I sat here for over two hours watching this ! '' . After I watched it I kept saying , `` What was the point ?! `` For one thing
 This book was one of the most memorable books I have ever read . I cried and was moved beyond words . When I heard there would be a movie , I swore I would n't see it because I just knew it would n't do the movie justice . Well , was I ever right ! I could n't believe what they did with this movie . Give me a break ! If they made the movie with the same story it would have been awesome . Where did this storyline come from ? Why ca n't they leave well enough alone . Kevin Costner put me to sleep -- I know he was a down-home boy but give him some life ! The story just did not flow and if you did n't know any background you really would n't know what was going on . Very disappointing !
 There 's a couple things that bothered me about this movie . For one , the argument between the two main characters when the man discovers the woman 's secret is so dumb . With all the happiness they seemed to have found , for an honest fumble like the woman 's to make the man walk away did n't seem believable . It 's not like she was being viscious ; she was afraid to lose him , and this explanation was so believable that the man should have accepted it and even marvelled at the fate that brought them together rather than get as angry as he did . But what I hated most was the way this movie ended . It left me feeling empty . In some movies , a sad ending works ; in this one it did n't . Sometimes death means something , and sometimes it 's just senseless . I live in a world where senseless tragedy abounds ; I watch movies to escape that reality . I watch movies to visit a world where events no matter how tragic make sense . I do n't buy any counterarguments that 's that what made this movie so great , the reality edge it had in it . If that 's what you 're looking for , watch this movie ; but , if like me , you like happy endings , or sad endings that at least seem worth it in the grander scheme of things , stay away like the plague , because you 'll feel cheated out of what might have otherwise been a decent movie .
 I wanted to scream at this movie because if you have read the book , you will se that the majority of this story was changed when the movie was made . 1 . There was no mention of his first wife family AND THEY DID NOT GET INTO A FIGHT . 2 . HE TAUGHT THIS NEW LADY IN HIS HIS LIFE AND HER SON TO SCUBA-DIVE , AND THERE WAS NO MENTION . 3 . HE DID NOT DIE BY SAVING SOMEONE OUT IN THE SEA-HE WENT TO DELIVER THE LAST MESSAGE , BUT THE PART OF THE OTHER SHIP THAT WAS SINKING , WAS NOT IN THE STORY . 4 . THE FAMILY OF HIS DEAD WIFE DID NOT EVEN FIGHT OR ARGUE OVER HER PAINTINGS , THERE IS NO MENTION OF HER FAMILY !!! I could go on , but when will they ever make a movie and stick to the origional script . Nothig against Kevin C. , and the other actors , they are getting paid to do their job , but the monie made me so mad I wanted to stick my foot through the movie screen . TO DO THE RIGHT THING IS TO READ THE BOOK BEFORE YOU SEE THE MOVIE PLEASE !!!!!!
 I am shocked at the number of good amazon.com reviews this movie is getting . Kevin Costner just about ruins the show with his high school drama club acting . He is painful to watch -- SUCH a lousy actor . Count how many times Robin Wright Penn covers her face and giggles . THIS is acting ? Paul Newman on the other hand does a decent job . . but this movie is SO poorly done it is a crime . This could have been a beautiful movie -- with different actors , different producer , different director . HUGE disappointment and it is just sad to see how many people are settling for less . Would somebody please bring on the real talent !
 Message in a bottle is a story of love and fate . This movie took one of Nicholas Sparks 's wonderful book and turned it all around . If you have seen the movie before reading the book and liked it . You should read the book then you 'll see what I mean by this is a terrible movie !
 Under `` Format '' it states it is Full Screen . I bought this from Amazon on June 8th , 2007 , and it is Wide Screen , letterboxed . That is why I gave this one star ... the bands at the top at bottom of the screen are so wide I can barely see the picture.As for the movie itself , it is a touching , haunting love story . The acting is superb , the scenery is beautiful , and the sound track is wonderful . This is a tearjerker , though , so have a box of tissues handy when you watch it .
 I read the book first and would recommend it over the movie . Do n't waste your time watching this movie . It was a great cast who could not portray the emotion and depth required of the characters .
 Kevin Costner is the worst actor my eyes have ever witnessed in my life . What a crock he is . All his movies are the exact same . He always plays this tortured man who is hard to get to and has a past , but the love a woman teaches him to open up and he becomes a better man . This movie is no exception . It is just like all his other movies , and I think his claim to fame is that people find him attractive , although they must be blind or stupid to think that . Acting abilities ? I did n't know grunting and murmuring counted as acting . He coulnd ' t act his way out of a bottle . On top of that , this movie has one of the worst endings , for a `` love story '' and I just think it would be wise to not pay any attention to this , or any other movie by him , they are all the same , just with different titles .
 A very disappointing bore . Sitting through two hours of this torturous drivel set my teeth on edge and made me lose the last vestiges of faith I had left in Kevin Costner . The only bright spot in an otherwise drab and predictable story was Paul Newman as Dodge . Leave this one on the shelves , folks .
 A sappy movie that Paul Newman should have steered clear of . And Kevin Kosner looked better on a boat in `` Waterworld '' . Only a teary-eyed woman would enjoy this movie . It 's definitely not a man 's movie .
 Not only was every step of this love story predictable , the unnecessarily tragic ending ruined what would otherwise have been an entertaining movie . Indeed , life is sometimes tragic ; all the more reason to give us a happy ending . If you 're looking for a `` feel good '' movie , please do n't press play on this one .
 `` Then I dried her . '' -LRB- Was she a salt cod ? -RRB- `` She flew away '' -LRB- wings flapping ? -RRB- . For the record
 Oh puh-lease ... I thought this movie would be a great romantic movie . And I was sorely disappointed . I thought Kevin Costner 's acting was a bit stiff , but hey , I still believed his character came to truly -LRB- and finally ! -RRB- love Robin Wright Penn 's character . I watched this movie because I wanted a romance story and I loved the actors involved in the project . But tragic ?! Catastrophic . What kind of `` message '' is Message in a Bottle supposed to be leaving us with ? If you get all your problems figured out and then get your life going in the right direction ... well that 's it it 's over , life will play a cruel joke on you?And I totally did n't believe that a born boatsman would jump off a boat in the middle of the storm and not be tethered to something . I hated that scene and not just because I did n't like the outcome.Don ' t watch this , it will depress you .
 Kevin Costner and Robin Wright Penn star in this stomach-turning film based on Nicholas Sparks 's sappy novel . Penn plays a Chicago Tribune researcher who finds the title `` character '' on a beach . After her boss publishes the mushy contents , other messages appear . Penn and her associates track down the cheesy Romeo , and she travels to his home on the North Carolina 's Outer Banks . Of course , she does not reveal the reason for her visit , and falls in love with him . You can imagine the dramatic possibilities that follow . In fact , you 've seen them before.Almost nothing in the film rings true . Every twist is predictable and unbelievable , devised only to tug at the heartstrings . Could Costner truly be this obsessed with his dead wife and still love Penn - a woman with whom he has nothing in common ? Possibly , but the filmmakers make no effort to show what draws these two very different people to one another . Instead , their attraction is assumed . Without it there 's no film . The idea that anyone , let alone Penn 's educated newspaper-woman , would even consider speaking with Costner 's brooding , troubled , and occasionally violent boat-builder strains credibility . Instead of a man with a romantic nature , we get a man caught between obsessive-compulsive disorder and a coma.Only the supporting players survive with their dignity intact . Robbie Coltrane does a nice turn as Penn 's boss , and Paul Newman triumphs over the material as Costner 's crusty father .
 Wow . I have a real dilemma here . I 'm sitting here trying to figure out a way to say as delicately as possible that this movie is a real piece of crap . I could start in on some sarcasm , because I really enjoy being sarcastic at the right moment ... something like , go ahead , watch Message in a Bottle if you are on death row and have nothing better to do . Before I get too nasty , maybe I should explain.First off , no , I did n't read the book . Maybe that would 've helped . I think practically everyone I 've ever known who read the book before seeing the movie , still said , `` The book was better . '' So , knowing that , I say the book HAS to be better because the movie was so bad.Message in a Bottle begins in a somewhat interesting fashion . Theresa , played by Robin Wright Penn , is jogging along the beach and finds a message in a bottle . It appears to be a love letter of sorts to a woman named Catherine . Theresa is so intrigued with this letter that she shows the lady at the inn , her co-workers , that dog of the neighbors that bites everyone ... sorry , this sarcasm just takes over my body sometimes.So , Theresa does research for a Chicago newspaper and a columnist for the paper decides to print the letter . It 's content is intriguing to everyone , so , since she found the letter , she starts researching its origin . This is one of few things I found sort of interesting . The methods employed in tracking down the author of the message in a bottle kept me interested . But unfortunately , that part of the movie lasts about 5 minutes tops . Then , I was instantly bored again.So , she tracks down the origin of the message , and goes on a mission to exploit , I mean FIND , this Ernest Hemmingway of bottled messages . Kevin Costner , who plays Garet Blake , churns out his usual monotone performance . Do n't get me wrong . There are some Kevin Costner movies I really like . Honestly , I do . But , those have been the movies where the storyline fashioned itself around his calm , everyman demeanor . This movie moves too slowly and has too few other characters to support his usual `` no acting is good acting '' method . Kevin , buddy , just for fun , put some emotion in your character the next time.I 'm no psychologist , so I really do n't know the professional theory on whether it 's men or women who hold grudges longer . I think everyone will agree no one can hold a grudge longer than a teenage girl , but I 'm talking about grown men and women , and their relationships with each other . However , talking about forgiveness , there is a really nice moment of forgiveness between two men in this film . Like I 've said before , you love those moments in movies when your heart stops , just slightly . This is one such moment , even if every other moment stinks , this one is good.For those of you reaching , hoping for something to love , you can love Paul Newman . He is the only reason to watch the movie , if you really feel you have to . He plays , Dodge , Garet 's grumpy , surly father . You may be pleasantly reminded of the old codger in your life . So , it 's kind of fun to watch movie characters who remind you of someone you already know . His role , though small , is practically the only redeeming part of this film . There 's not much more I can say regarding plot , what little there is anyway , without spoiling the movie . I think this movie was supposed to be a chick flick , but , being a chick , I could hardly stand it . There is n't one shred of testosterone in this movie , so for those of you who enjoy a healthy dose of that , you 've been duped . The whole movie could have been avoided if , instead of retreiving the message , the character of Theresa watches Martha Stewart and turns the bottle into a fabulous Christmas gift . Or maybe she could skip the creative stuff and just put some liquor in there and drink herself into a stupor instead . The plot moves along at a snail 's pace and Robin Wright Penn and Kevin Costner deliver subpar performances . If I could put a message in a bottle about this movie
 The disc you sent to me , could not be played in the U.KThe screen showed a message saying this product may not be played in your zone !!! I still want a disc that will play this moviein the U.K.Can you help ? . Lawrence Barr .
 DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE ! The book was absolutley breath-taking , but the movie is NOTHING like it ! i was truly disappointed with the movie and am going to sell my copy of it .
 DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE . IT IS TERRIBLE .
 The two stars had about as much chemistry as flat Coke and water.If you want to see a love story that positively smolders , do n't watch this one . I found myself wishing it would get over . The only saving grace was Paul Newman . Read the book . Let 's hope Nicholas Sparks ' book THE NOTEBOOK gets more credibility than this one . . The bottom line here is
 I like romantic movies . I want the ending to leave me feeling happy , not depressed . Life is n't the fairy tale , thats why I watch movies , otherwise I would n't waste my time watching them . I want the fairy tale , the things that could and would never happen in real life . I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS MOVIE , until the end , I even stayed up on a work night until 1:30 am . If they created this ending to make the movie `` more realistic '' they failed miserably . I thought I found a new romantic chick flick to add to my collection , I was sorely disappointed .
 This is an evil , evil movie . I sat through over two hours of dull , psuedo romantic crud only to encounter this vile , wretched , tacked on ending . What a load!Okay , I admit , the two lead characters are attractive and likeable . Its watchable , for the most part . But the vile , putrescent ending ruins everything . This movie exists only for fans of true sappiness . I still feel dirty . Think I 'll take another shower .
 This is one of those movies that EVERYONE says you should see , so I finally watched it , but I ca n't say that I was impressed.The plot was predictable and Penn 's acting was just so-so ... Both Costner & Newman gave strong performances , though , and I liked the character played by Robbie Coltrane . The movie just does n't have a strong enough story for me to want to see it again or recommend it .
 Just finished this movie and must say I 'm DISAPPOINTED to say the least ! I thought this was a feel good movie , it so completely is not , and its not even a good tear jerker ! At the end I felt no emotion except anger at such an ending . I never write reviews but I just had to for this.The only thing that I 'll remember fondly is Newman .
 What starts as an intesting idea becomes fairly predictable ... . When will he find out ? ... How mad will he be ??? ... Will he forgive ? ... . However , the later scene with Costner in the boat upon the stormy sea is of the quality one would expect from All My Children . The ending ruined what was a harmless , enjoyable film
 It was n't a total loss . There were definitely some things to enjoy in this film . I always enjoy beautiful scenery and the supporting roles were all finely done , especially Savage , Newman and Coltrane . But while Robin Wright was good , and Costner was fair , I saw no believable chemistry between them.For me , the most enjoyable part of the movie was watching the personal growth of Robin Wright 's character , although it did require some suspension of disbelief that Costner 's character was a major component of that growth.But it was the ending that left me furious , and horribly disappointed . I do n't require the ending to be a happy one , but this tragedy felt entirely artificial . I can only hope that the book made it more believable than the film did . How on Earth could someone have the presence of mind to throw a line to drowning people , haul them in , and then immediately jump into the same churning ocean WITHOUT TAKING THAT LINE WITH HIM ! Stupid is far to generous a term for such idiocy . I would have thought he must be suicidal except that he wrote that last message that made it clear he finally had something to live for . Oh the -LRB- contrived -RRB- irony ... A not quite three star film , with a few four star moments , and a zero star ending .
 This movie did n't hold my interest . Finding the message in the bottle was exciting , fun , romantic . But when Theresa went to find the mystery man and conveniently started a relationship with him without telling him the truth of why she was there -LRB- checking out the mysterious message in a bottle writer -RRB- , I knew exactly what was going to happen in the movie , and I was right . There were lots of other predictable situations as well , creating melodrama and way too many tears without grabbing my sentiments . She was supposed to be a serious journalist but spent her time at the Outer Banks as if she were on vacation . Thumbs down .
 They changed SO much from the book to the movie version ! Paul Newman 's character as the father had his name changed , as well as Theresa 's son ; Garrett already had a boat , he did not have to build one ; his wife was not a painter ; Theresa lived in Boston and worked for a fictional newspaper ; etc. . The movie just lacked so much . There was zero chemistry between the main characters . Kevin Costner was the only wonderful part in the movie as he played the character of Garrett so perfectly that it felt like they stole him right from the pages of the book and breathed life into him to star in the movie . He is the reason to watch this movie - there are n't any other reasons . Read the book - you 'll get a more satisfying experience and a more satisfying cry .
 Let 's see . A romantic drama about a woman who searches for the man who writes beautiful missives to his dead wife.How powerful are these words ? Princess Bride 's journalist character travels down south to visit the man who wrote this beautiful letter in a bottle to his wife . She 's intrigued by him . By his writing . How can a man love so much ! She MUST know this man!Until she sees that the man who wrote this stuff is a balding , overweight guy . Well , maybe that letter was n't THAT great . Maybe he copied it out of a book anyways . Besides that , it 's silly trying to find out about a guy who wrote something very private . I think I 'll go home ... WAIT A MINUTE . Kevin Coster is the man that wrote that letter ... not the average looking , everyday fellow that nobody would be attracted to ! NOW THAT I THINK ABOUT IT , that letter really WAS intriguing ! I MUST find out more about this guy!Gimme a break . Costner 's a hottie to Wright , especially since her mysteriously does n't say much . She 'll learn later that he does n't say much because he has n't much to say . With memorable pick up lines such as `` Do you like meat '' , Costner must 've been advised to keep his yap shut as much as possible ... and it was brilliant advice . In fact , the more he talks in this movie , the more he puts his foot in his mouth . Wright touches dead wife 's shoe -LRB- Costner leaves a room in his house untouched as a tribute to his dead wife -RRB- , and that makes Costner FREAK . Costner actually spends the whole movie being quiet , giving mixed signals , pining for his dead wife , and acting like an extreme introvert . BUT THIS DOES N'T TURN OFF WRIGHT in the LEAST ! Nope . She invites him to Chicago , has a sex scene with him -LRB- I guess she 's loose , but it does n't add to the romance of the movie , and seems like it does n't really fit in the movie -RRB- . Romantic dramas work with solid dialogue . There was no banter between Costner and Wright in this movie . Instead , we watch them spending time with each other , with music playing in the background in place of words , showing us that the two are having wonderful conversations , without us actually hearing what they have to say to each other . Maybe it should be assumed that they have a lot to say to each other , but why would I assume that ? In the parts of the movie where they have conversation , it 's awkward and the dialogue is , well , dull.The romance is unbelievable . What we have here is Wright 's character acting like a desparate woman who wants a good lookin ' man in her life so bad that she 'll ignore obvious signs that should make her run away . Fine , if you do n't sugarcoat it into looking like a classic romance between two people that naturally go together like ham n eggs . They do n't . And again , NO CLEVER DIALOGUE IN THE WHOLE MOVIE . I watched it in the theatre , and thought the sex scene was a half-bleep attempt at forcing a romance in our heads . Sex does n't assume romance . It assumes sex when there 's nothing else going for this couple.I 've beaten that to death . Paul Newman overacted so bad it was embarrassing . I blame the director for this one . Newman knows how to act.The death scene looked like an insurance policy . As if the movie was n't tragic and sad enough , hey let 's have a death scene to jerk some tears . I know . It 's what the book called for . Still , make us care about the characters more before you throw in a death scene . I did n't care . I was insulted . A man 's family goes out for a pleasure sail in stormy waters . Makes sense . I 'd take my wife and small child on a pleasure sail in the middle of a storm . Yes , a sailor gets storm warnings before he leaves dock or he gets it from the radio.So everybody capsizes , and Coster saves the family instead of the husband , who waits on Costner 's boat for Costner to save his family . I guess the husband , seeing his family in danger , was more concerned with preventing pneumonia . Gim me a break.If you check your brain at the door , you might not find this movie to be horrible . I still do n't see how you manage to find it entertaining , though . And I like Costner and Wright!This movie stinks eggs .
 I read the book twice . The movie has been changed so much you wo n't even recognize it . They even changed Theresa 's son 's name , for what reason I can not imagine . You will be terribly disappointed if you are expecting a romantic widower in Kevin Costner 's portrayal of Garrett . They turned him into this bitter crotchety jerk . A silly subplot about Garrett and a feud with Catherine 's family has been added , again , I can not imagine why , unless the producers were looking to fill space . I did not care for Robin Wright Penn 's portrayal of Theresa . There was n't any chemistry . At the end there is a needless death . You will be staring at the screen thinking , Why in the world did they do THAT ? Do n't waste your money on this one ! You will be sorely disappointed .
 I am a huge fan of Nicholas Sparks ' novels . His books center around tragedy . With that being said they are definitely tearjerkers . I loved the movie adaptations of The Notebook and A Walk to Remember , but this one was terrible.When there is a movie version of a book , I tend to read it first and this was beyond the worst novel to silver screen adaptation . I know I should n't expect it to be just like his book , but too much of it was changed -LRB- including my favorite part-the ending -RRB- . It was so disappointing . Even though it may not be the shorter route to take -LRB- since it is quite long -RRB- , my advice is to read the book .
 For a love story to work , you have to believe that the characters are in love . I never quite buy it in this movie . Robin Wright Penn 's usual brilliance and believability ca n't overcome the stupid plot . And it does n't help that Kevin Costner comes across as , not merely pining away for his lost love , but mentally challenged . Paul Newman is the best thing in this film . In a movie crammed full of scenes intended to bring viewers to tears , the only one that even came close , for me , was Paul Newman 's `` You 're my son '' scene.Skip this failed attempt and watch Sleepless in Seattle or Forrest Gump instead .
 Over forty years of devoted movie watching did not prepare me for the disappointment of this waste of a talented caste . This movie is a puzzle . It is admittedly full of visual beauty . A beautiful cast , in beautiful settings , but it is alas , devoid of life . Robin Penn Wright and Kevin Costner are actors I 've always enjoyed , but this movie strips beauty to mere vacuity . Not even the redoubtable Paul Newman or Robbie Coltrane can inject life or interest into this film . One can understand fascination or intrigue with the letter in the bottle that kicks off this piece , but there is no plausible explanation of what the achingly beautiful Robin Penn Wright sees in Kevin Costner 's character after she gets to know him . The puzzle is whether it is the script or the direction , or even perhaps the beauty-obsessed cinematography that have stripped the production of drama , of the conflict that draws us into interest in the portrayed characters . It is a sad story , but as devoid of emotional impact as the naked recital of the numbers of unfortunates killed in a catastrophe around the world . This movie should be held up as an example of how poor direction and writing and cinematography can take talented actors and a story line full of potential and make us just not care . My advice -- watch it with the sound turned off , enjoy the beautiful people and scenery while listening to good music of your choice .
 I live in Mexico , so I can not return . The DVD is scratched and do not understand why they sent me so .
 This is a completely slushy movie which ought to be better . It has all the ingredients , but falls short . It may be that it is just too gussied up -- everything about it is picture postcardy and needed more roughness to really work . It is all too beautiful . It swoops and swirls and the music swells and the sea is photogenic , and the viewer is distanced from the story accordingly . Nevertheless , and in spite of what I just said , the best thing about it by far is Robin Wright Penn , who is completely gorgeous , and in one or two scenes is quite funny and charming -LRB- she needs way more of this kind of work -RRB- . Kevin Costner has a pretty thankless task , and he gets no thanks -- he 's dull , dull , dull . His beach house is way sexier than he is -- many would kill for his house . The sex scenes between the two of them are not sexy
 I 've read the book and I must say that the novel is excellent . This movie is anything but . The entire movie I could n't help but notice the low quality/budget of the camera work and the ` cg ' scenes looked like they 'd been shot in the 80 's . There were times where background music was much needed to help pump some emotion into the scenes because there was quite the lack of it coming from the actors/actresses and then there were times where the music just blared out and caused more of a scene than the characters.As others have stated , I ca n't believe I sat down for two hours and kept thinking to myself that it would get better . I would 've rather just fallen asleep on the couch with my dog . Now that would 've been more entertaining .
 Well , as much as I loved the book - and we all know that movies are never as good as the books - I 'd have to say that this movie really dissapointed me . By the time I got done - it took me three hours because I kept stopping it and contrasting it to the book - I was very upset . It does n't stick true to the novel . Now , I 'm not saying that it should go word for word like the novel , but it does n't even end the same . Penn and Costner were good , and their acting of the poorly adapted screen play was acurate , but I think the person who adapted this novel should have been fired for taking the heart and soul of this movie and killing it . If you are desperate for a love story , and they do n't have `` A Walk To Remember '' by Sparks ... Pick it up . Just do n't expect it to stay true to the novel .
 ... but only if you are deaf . Seriously . This movie is visually gorgeous . That 's about it . The actual message found in the bottle should be enough to make you go right to mute . Then , if you are not deaf , maybe put on some Chopin Nocturns and enjoy 2 hours of beautiful cinematography .
 I WAS SO DISAPPOINTED IN THE WAY THIS BOOK WAS DRAMATIZED , THE TELLING OF THE STORY DID N'T DRAW ME INTO IT SO THAT I COULD FEEL THE EMOTION WHICH I FELT WHEN READING THE BOOK . MESSAGE IN A BOTTLE WAS KEVIN COSTNER AT HIS WORST . HE DID N'T SEEM CONNECTED TO THE CHARACTER HE PLAYED AT ALL , BUT TO SPARE HIM SOMEWHAT , I BELIEVE THE THE DIRECTON OF THE MOVIE WAS WANTING TOO , AND THEREFORE , WEAKENED HIS CHARACTER CONSIDERABLY.I HAD SO MUCH ANTICIPATED SEEING THE MOVIE AFTER READING THE BOOK , AND THEN TO SEE WHAT HAD BEEN FILMED , DEMONSTRATED HOW A STORY CAN BE LOST IN ITS TRANSITION IF NOT HANDLED ARTISTICALLY .
 I am so happy that I read the book first . That way , I was able to truly enjoy the way the author of the book , Nicholas Sparks , wanted this truly amazing love story to be portrayed . This movie did not do the book any justice . I did not feel the chemistry of the main characters the same way I felt it in the book . I also believe that the director strayed too far from the actual basis of the story . I could not wait for the movie to be over .
 This is absolutely the worst movie for Steve Martin and Charles Grodin . I bought it reading other reviews thinking Charles Grodin would be awesome , but to my surprise this is one of the worst movies ever made . You may smile at one point , but beyond that , not worth a penny . Watching a wall is more entertaining .
 This film is supposed to be comedy , but Martin 's character comes across as just plain creepy ! I was hoping that a ten-ton safe would fall on the Larry Hubbard character , or that Godzilla would suddenly appear and turn him into a pile of smoking cinders with a jetlike column of fire . That way , he would be put out of his misery and it would be easier to sympathize with him . As it were , the Hubbard character comes across like a sexless zombie in a double-knit suit . Watching this film was embarrassing , tiring and a waste of time .
 I consider myself a Steve Martin fan . I love the movies L.A. Story and Dirty Rotten Scoundrels . I have read Steve Martin 's books and would highly recommend them . However , with the exception of `` The Jerk '' , this movie collection is terrible . I enjoy watching The Jerk and think of it as a classic . As for the other two movies , I had to struggle to sit through them and I will not be watching them again .
 I will never understand Columbia Tristar 's decision to leave out one of the pivotal moments in the movie . In the first competition that Johnson 's character is in , during the routine , she FALLS ON THE ICE , thus resulting in the low scores she gets for her performance . This part is cut in all the releases that are available , so all you see is a beautiful performance with way-lower than normal scoring!This scene is even referred to later on in the movie when the trainer is talking to Brian , trying to get him to do a story on Lexie . She refers to the sound of the crowds applause knocking Lexie on her butt , which if you have n't seen it before , leaves you wondering what she 's talking about , because you do n't actually SEE the fall in any of the releases except when it first came out in theatres many years ago.The story would make a good family movie , but it does contain a pretty good amont of foul language in it , thus giving concern to parents when watching it with the little ones . If Columbia would make an UNCUT version of this movie , I 'd be delighted to try seeing it again , but until then , I just ca n't recommend it since it does n't make as much sense as it could .
 I remembered loving this movie as a girl , especially the skating . I selected this movie for a family member to purchase for Christmas for my 8-year-old . I knew it was rated PG but thought that would be OK . It seemed more appropriate than the PG-13 movies she 's attracted to . The language and profanity was too strong for my taste . There were several G -- D -- n and B-ss -- . They were frequeent as well . My 13-year-old daughter watched it first . Not sure I 'll allow her sister to view it now .
 I did n't get pass 5 minutes in this movie . Why the bad language ?! It was no cause for it . I was so excited to watch this movie and then here comes the bad language . What for ? The boy was using God 's name in vain like nothing . Huge disappointment .
 ` ice castles 1978 ' stopped the movie after several obscene word explosions and several obscene misuses of the word ` God ' . writeup sounded nice and lured us in , but nowhere did i see obscenity listed on the product rated PG .
 I opened the DVD on Christmas morning for my family to watch . The DVD case was wrapped in cellophane but when it was opened , there was NO DVD inside . I have contacted iPriceclub and hopefully the situation will be recified as soon as possible .
 Are you kidding me -- the boy in the plastic bubble falls in love with this girl who wanted nothing to do with him until she went skating and hit her head on a nice outdoor patio set that I swear came from Home Depot . Sure , I should be more concerned about who the stumkopf was who put lawn and garden itmes in the middle of a skating rink , I just wish that the skating chick who do perform a perfect Hamil Camel in front of ten thousand screaming fans could act her way our of a triple sow-cow . BEsideds , did n't she play a dumb blonde skater in a James Bond movie ? Wow what a stretch ! And could n't someone on that balcony have screamed `` Hey , dummy , watch out for the chiminea ! '' Anyway this movie made me wish I was blind ! Skip it and every movie with the tag line -- starring Robbie Benson ''
 Terms of Endearment on Ice ... This film is a box of Kleenex waiting to be consumed . Farfetched , poorly acted , but it all hurts oh so good ! A must have for families with young skaters . My daughters -LRB- 9 & 11 -RRB- LOVE this movie!Besides , its a chronicle of early Tom Skerritt !
 About a blinded young skatetress who goes off to the races anyway . Jealous boyfriend hockey type ca n't decide if he should help her or hurt her . So why not do both ? Love attempt is often nauseating as Daddy thinks sheshould give it up too ! A KLEENEX ALERT ! for all the wrong reasons .
 I read an article in which Lynn-Holly Johnson described this movie as a good family movie . She definitely should be proud of her accomplishments in the acting line as it was good that way , but I 'm afraid I have a different view of what movies are appropriate for family viewing . I found the film to contain way too much swearing and it really took away from the story line which was not too bad . I am the first person to enjoy unrealistic , predictable movies with a romantic story line , but even this one was too unrealistic for me . However , the story was inspiring in that she overcame her disability and was able to figure skate again .
 Going by the title , I decided to watch this flick thinking it would be good for a laugh . The only shot I saw that did make me laugh was the first shot of the gigantic shark 's fin as it passed the ship . It was n't well rendered which made it more laughable . I 'm amazed that someone thought this film was good enough to produce and feed to the public . The lead actor was terrible , way too hyped up and over-the-top , like maybe he 'd consumed a dozen Red Bull drinks all at once . The CG effects were 2nd or 3rd rate at best . After the first 15 or so minutes of viewing , I started skipping ahead until I arrived at the end sequence , for the final battle between the shark and croc . If you want to watch a really bad B or maybe C film , this is a good example .
 What can you expect from a film called `` Mega-Shark Vs. Crocosaurus '' -LRB- 2010 -RRB- ? How about some measure of entertainment ? After all , 2000 's `` Octopus '' was surprisingly good , and `` Crocodile '' was very entertaining . Do n't get your hopes up with this one.The title tells you everything you need to know about the plot.The CGI effects are laughable . Grade B films of the 70s-80s look realistic by comparison . The story is barely interesting.On the positive side , they assembled a good cast , led by the always-likable Jaleel White -LRB- aka Urkel -RRB- , Gary Stretch , Sarah Lieving and the guy who played The Doctor onStar Trek Voyager
 Disclaimer
 Imagine a world where Steve Urkel gained a lot of weight and became a Navy Lieutenant . Imagine a world where gigantic fish that dwarf ultralarge-category container ships are able to defy physics and flip like dolphins many hundreds of feet into the air . Imagine a world where buxom magazine models are helicopter piloting Secret Service agents who speak bad Portuguese and condemn the acts of prehistoric animals as threats to `` National Security . '' If you can get a grasp on all that , you 'll start to get a vague idea of the amount of disbelief one has to suspend in order to follow this rather bizarre sequel to Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus.Some of the movie 's highlights include the worst attempt at an Australian accent I 've ever heard , a wonderful scene where one of the heroes puts a giant gun to a tiny child 's head , and all the improbably cute girls playing serious military types . Look , I 'm no stranger to bad movies , I know the score . I did n't go into this movie expecting anything resembling reality . All this stuff is just fine with me.Unfortunately , there just is n't much to recommend this one on . Mega Shark vs Crocosaurus is seriously lacking in the fun department . Everything is played too straight for it 's own good . The plot is mush , the acting is terrible across the board , and the monsters are beyond absurd . To his credit , Jaleel White is clearly the actor who tried the hardest with his performance , but even then it 's kinda bad . Who thought they were making a real film here?The action tries to carry the movie , but even the explosions and giant creatures fail to generate much interest . This picture offers the quality of effects you 'd expect from The Asylum , mostly Freshman level `` Intro To CG 101 '' style rendering carelessly layered over real footage . Of course , the audience does n't expect realism from a film like this , but that 's no excuse not to try . The titular monsters seem to undergo bizarre size transformations , shrinking and growing depending on what the scene asks of them , and even things like passing birds and images of footprints are cartoony and obvious with their soft , hazy textures . Oddly enough the cinematography is pretty good , the scenes and actors are lit and filmed in an almost professional manner . They must have some pricey cameras down there at the Asylum studios.The laughs are what I 'm missing . Unlike Alien 3000 or Asylum 's `` mock-buster '' Mega Piranha , there just is n't anything overtly funny about MSVC . The only humor I found was in the inanity of some of the characters and writing . Ultimately , despite the size of the movie 's stars , the scope of the premise and the best efforts of Mr. Jaleel `` Do n't call me Steve '' White , Megashark vs Crocosaurus is pretty forgettable.Anyway , where was Lorenzo Freaking Lamas ?
 No level of low budget can be used as excused for such a blatantly mean enterprise . Everybopdy involved in this novelty should be sued , hehe , so atrociously bad it is , . Not `` so bad it 's good '' . No , just bad , kind of `` worst movie of all time `` bad.It 's terribly edited , terribly acted . Let 's not even talk about the `` un '' special effects '' . And there are people who say this is good , because you get what you expect . No . It 's simply a mean spirited movie .
 `` Mega Shark . vs. Crocosaurus '' is yet another aquatic nightmare starring people you vaguely remember from the semi-distant past . This one is a buffet of bad accents , bad acting , terrible special effects , and howlingly poor dialogue . I 'm certain you 're surprised . Among the chief problems is the lack of a thespian of Debbie Gibson 's or Lorenzo Lamas ' stature , settling instead for Jaleel White . If you 're wondering where you know that name from , he is of course the most remembered star of `` Family Matters '' where he played Steve Urkel . Now imagine Urkel is all grown up and is a naval officer knowledgeable about destroying giant underwater creatures . My favorite thing about this casting lunacy is White 's seeming inability to consistently call his underwater apparatus either `` hydrosonic spheres '' or `` hydroponic spheres . '' -LRB- At least that 's the way I heard it . -RRB- These same spheres also are central to some exceedingly well-crafted dialogue such as `` I suggest you bring your hydrosonic balls with you ... '' -LRB- Groan . -RRB- This is probably the worst of the giant ocean creatures series , although it has several moments of levity . I was particularly amused when they created an `` arc flash '' of electricity using the Turkey Point Nuclear Power Plant , but nothing prepared me for the horror of the Orange Bowl being brutally attacked or the crocosaurus laying eggs all over the place . -LRB- They are highly realistic ; to me they looked like Pee-Wee Herman 's rubber band ball . -RRB- The decision is made to lure both creatures to the Panama Canal and entrap them , though the plan is constantly akimbo and they end up in Hawaii luring them into a volcano and making it explode via the help of an epic battle and an ingested nuclear submarine . Throughout the picture annoying Agent Hutchinson -LRB- Sarah Lieving -RRB- is unlikable to the point you wish she 'd get eaten first . In the end though , she is the pilot of the helicopter taking the cast to their rendezvous with fate . Despite having the helicopter crash in the water , she -LRB- somehow , while offscreen -RRB- repairs the chopper to rescue our heroes.Most sane people who watch a movie like this expect it to be bad in a comic-relief kind of way . There is some of that , but it 's mostly just eye-rolling drudgery . It does have extras such as a `` making of '' feature and bloopers , and they were more entertaining than the film itself by a wide margin . -LRB- Note
 As a disclaimer , I purchased this DVD because it looked like it could be horrible -- possibly resulting in over an hour of fun for late-night viewing . You never know when you might find another `` Attack of the Killer Tomatoes - 25th Anniversary Edition '' or another terrible monster movie like `` Cloverfield '' that has you shaking your head in disgust right before you call your friends over to watch it again -LRB- you know ... the joy of pointing out flaws and absurdities -RRB- . Well , I can now say after watching `` Mega Shark vs Crocosaurus '' that I have a new `` worst movie ever watched '' winner . This one takes film-making to whole new lows . Unlike the above-mentioned Killer Tomatoes , this one seems to want to be taken seriously , and unlike Cloverfield , the special effects do nothing to soup-up the badness.The opening scenes where our monsters are introduced feature some guys supposedly mining in what looks like a hole in the dirt , and out pops Crocosaurus to smash them . Then you have a horribly acted scientist on a military ship that looks at a computer screen running Windows Media Player visualizations and declares that the giant shark `` is back ! '' Nobody believes him until Mega Shark jumps over their ship , swats it with his mega tail a couple times , creating digital explosions worthy of Crayola , and sinks the vessel . Our hero -LRB- like the Croc expert later in the movie -RRB- is the survivor of the destroyed ship , but somehow finds himself back on land after being stranded in the ocean -- we are to assume that these guys are VERY good swimmers.And thus begins the tale of two monsters , including a large crocodile that somehow loves to swim around in the ocean , who are really pissed at each other because when they are n't busy destroying stuff , the croc magically manages to lay thousands of eggs in the oceans of the world . Yes , within a day , they 've traveled from Africa to Miami , and Panama , and Hawaii nipping at each others ' tales while a crack team of idiot humans manages to follow them half-way around the world in a helicopter.Hmm , the dialogue ... it 's pretty horrible . `` They 've destroyed Panama ! '' The worst is the female special agent who runs around in a business suit threatening people in the beginning , ending every line she speaks with `` dammit '' for extra intensity . Later , she sheds her suit jacket on the beach so that she can march into a cave with a flashlight and pistol whilst looking for huge eggs . She abandons the jacket there so that she can spend the rest of the movie in her spaghetti-strap tank-top because they did n't want to waste such a fine figure by having her in a suit the whole time . Plus , we have to love a woman who lives through crashing her helicopter on the beach -LRB- which causes the above-mentioned scientist to cry like a child because he ca n't remember that this agent is n't his dead fiance -RRB- , then magically comes back in the same helicopter for the closing scene to declare something like , `` we did it , dammit '' . Special effects ? Wow . I do n't know what to say . The monsters seem to change their dimensions a lot , depending on where they are . The shark manages to swallow and entire submarine in one shot . And though the croc in some places is supposed to be just as large as the shark , still manages to hide in a small pond where a lady manages to step on its snout without noticing until it raises its huge head . The computer generated splashes and explosions are horrible , the tanks and airplanes look like their were made by Hot Wheels and we have a terrible scene where a nuclear power plant shoots out lighting bolts to scare away the croc who is storming Miami many miles away . Basically , the best special effects associated with this movie are on the DVD cover art.We all expect to take a leap of faith and put reality aside when watching stuff like this , but when your intelligence is insulted to this degree at a nonstop pace , all while the folks in the movie hold straight faces and there are no obvious attempts at humor , it 's hard to take . Sure , you can laugh when our two male leads are dropped off on a beach yelling , `` We 've got to end this ! '' then run around in slow motion holding guns -LRB- though there is nothing they could possibly do there , and tanks have n't taken out these creatures , so what can they do with a gun ? -RRB- , or you can laugh at the stock footage we see several times of fighter jets firing missiles that manage to pepper every building on land , but never hit a shark the side of a battleship , or you can laugh at the brilliant conclusion to lure the beasts to an underwater volcano so our scientist can pull out his detonator and make the volcano explode -LRB- do n't most marine biologists carry around volcano detonators ? -RRB- ... but in the end , you ca n't help but ask yourself the question , `` why did I watch this ???? ''
 My 8-yr . old son rented this DVD , with my -LRB- unwitting -RRB- wife 's permission . We watched it to the bitter end -LRB- I did n't want to crush my son 's feelings -RRB- . This was the single-most awful movie-watching experience I have ever had ; I had to bite my lip to keep from constantly laughing.The script , the special effects , the action , the acting , the dialogue -LRB- I could go on -RRB- were about as bottom-of-the-barrel as you can get.Watching this movie made me think back on other movies that I thought were crap ; this movie makes one realize how bad `` bad '' can really be.If more than 50,000 was spent making this movie I 'd be in shock.The characters went from Africa to Miami , then Orlando , then Aruba , Hawaii , etc. as if they were hop-scotching on sidewalk sections -LRB- do the directors understand the concept of geography -RRB- . If you 're thinking of buying this turd , you have my sympathies
 Live action and cartoon ... well , it worked for Roger Rabbit ! In this case , however , the cartoons are just too big and too silly to gain even a respectable level of amusement . Much as I enjoy giant creatures rampaging and swimming amuck , in this case not even a bare requirement of chuckles was provided -LRB- though plenty of lunacy was ! -RRB- . It 's amazing that the entire cast managed to play their scenes with straight faces . For that alone they deserve some credit . It 's not a feat I could muster without constantly cracking up . All that forced urgency , the heightened sense of impending DOOM , the scowling , the grim determined need for duty , honor , and country ! MMMM-yeah . Having never watched the first film , and after this I wo n't bother , all I can say about this sequel , on its own merits ... I watched it unflinchingly -LRB- much as you would any train wreck -RRB- . You ca n't make sense of movies like this ; they belong in a category without distinction
 `` Mega Shark versus Crocosaurus '' was a disappointment . I enjoy cheesy movies , bad movies , but not boring movies . This movie did not fulfill any of its potential . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Characters - Too many characters , not enough script . This movie had three major characters . Or was it four ? Crocodile Dundee , Navy Tech , Navy Captain , and Special Agent Woman . No significant screen time or development was given to any of the characters . Only Jaleel White showed any range in acting . This script needed more dialogue , more interaction , more anything . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Monsters - I buy the DVD to see monsters , and the Mega Shark is mostly fin ? The Crocosaurus is , well , a huge crocodile . And both are mostly blips on the radar screen . Yawn ... -LRB- 3 -RRB- Suspense - Absolutely none . The main characters were never in any danger . I never cared what destruction the fin and the crocodile 's feet waged upon the world . No twists , no surprises , nothing unusual . Again ... yawn.Two stars for having amusing moments , some slightly interesting characters .
 This is not about the movie . I did n't open till a week later , and found that the dvd was damaged -LRB- unplayable , dent in the disc -RRB-
 i still have not received this item and i emailed the company and they never got back to me
 The movie was okay the only person in this movie worth seeing was Tupac himself . Other then that its pretty boring and short . So far the only movie worth seeing for this genre is Menace To Society .
 This movie made so sense whatsoever ! What was the point ? It was just some punk who gets a gun and decides to shoot everyone he knows ! This was just another of these ridiculous `` hood '' movies -LRB- no disrespect to Boyz N The Hood which was actually good and had a message -RRB- which did little more than glamorize the very garbage destroying the black community from within ! Except for the appearance of En Vogue 's Cindy Herron , this ws a total waste !
 This movie was stupid . Plain stupid . No depth to anything . Just plain stupid .
 One of the worst movies i 've ever seen , no real plot and acting is as bad as it can get . Not even Samuel Jackson 's appearance saves this sorry excuse for a movie . Horrible . Awful .
 I was starting high school when Juice came out . This movie had the hottest looking brothers in the world in it ! Omar Epps was dazzling and I 've always loved his work . Tupac brought that special presence to a film as he did his songs . Khalil Kain -LRB- the most ignored actor on the planet -RRB- did great too , but once again never got his props . To break it down Juice is just about four friends who decide to knock off a store for no reason at all . The actions did n't match Omar 's character . He was the straight laced one and cared too much about his music , so it did n't make sense that he 'd go along with this . The writing was n't as good as '' Boyz In Da Hood '' or '' New Jack City '' . Juice IS entertaining but gets tired a little too fast . Good soundtrack though .
 I loved this movie as a child , but now that I watch it as an adult , it is clear that the animals are in real distress no matter how you cut the film . Whether any of them died or not , it is not difficult to see when an animal , especially Milo in this movie , is scared and in pain . Watching Milo get pecked by seagulls and then thrown off a cliff made my stomach turn . If you like to see animals in cruel situations , then this movie is for you .
 I think a lot of us enjoyed this movie when we were very young but revisiting it years later you realize how sick and disturbing this movie really is . Poor helpless animals being thrown around and put in situations where they were obviously injured or worse is NOT entertainment to a normal person . Research the movie a little more and learn about it 's origins and think hard about your decision to pass this on to a new generation .
 I ca n't understand how anyone would support or write a glowing review about a movie in which animals were certain injured and/or killed during filming . Atrocious . Go with Homeward Bound instead -- do not buy this film .
 Started watching this this morning with my toddler . Everyone on the farm ... cute cute ... pleasant Dudley Moore voice . Whimsical , adorable - but what have we here ? cats falling into rushing water ? A cat getting its face attacked by a crab ? A dog getting dunked by a bear ? I go online and watch the outtakes - scenes that were deleted from the US version but shown in Japan . That director threw a cat off a cliff into the rushing water of the ocean . Even if he released the rest of the footage -LRB- i.e. , the footage that did n't make it into the Japanese version , the takes they did n't use -RRB- , that would not exonerate him of animal cruelty , because it is in the film plain to see . I guess what 's equally disturbing is how so many US audience members exonerate him automatically on the basis that this is a children 's film released by Columbia , that it was Dudley Moore 's voice , or that the director was a zoologist . All those things can be true , co-existing with the truth that the director put cats and dogs in danger and caused them pain for this film . There is no logical reason why the quality of Dudley Moore 's character or Columbia film 's judgment or the director 's profession would mean that cruelty could not have happened . My logical argument for the fact that there was cruelty in this film is that the original version of the film shows a cat being tossed off a cliff into the ocean , scrambling back up the rocks , and falling back in the ocean as he loses his footing . This was done with no special effects and any animal who had this happen would be frightened for its life , as well as at great risk for injury or death . People may hold various opinions about whether animal cruelty is a problem or not , but it is very clear that instances of violence against animals exist in this film . It is actually amazing that people are still debating the presence of animal cruelty in this film as if it were a question at all .
 I bought this movie for my little one because I loved it as a child . However upon watching it again as an adult I can totally tell that it is cruel to animals.I then did some research and sure enough its very controversial.They do a number of cruel things to the creatures in here.I began to notice something was wrong when they sent the cat down river in a box , which includes it going over a falls -LRB- with a real cat in the box !! -RRB- . That cat is unhappy and frightened , you can tell by the tone of his meows , and its a real cat w/a real voice ... When will we stop enjoying being `` entertained '' by the idea of animals in pain ? The crueltyhanded out to animals in this film , all for our entertainment reminds me of the movie King Cong , another movie where we sit and enjoy being entertained for an hour or so by viewing an animal that is unhappy .
 Watch the movie and then please tell me that these animals were n't abused ... If you are an `` animal lover '' then do not promote buying this film .
 Not having the fantesy imagination of a child , I watched this movie feeling very disturbed by the prominent animal abuse thoughout it . I saw nothing `` cute '' about a kitten getting bit on the lip by a crab , or floating down a river in a box and over a waterfall , with a look of dispair . Not to mention the puppy being `` forced '' to fight a black bear . There was no `` trick photography '' to this movie . What you see is what you get . I had to shut it off half way through . I could n't deal with it . I would not consider this family entertainment !
 I loved this movie as a kid , when I watched it again as an adult I was seriously horrified . I do n't know why so many people wo n't accept the facts , they abused and PROBABLY killed quite a few of those cats . : / Do n't support this movie .
 `` Milo And Otis '' -------------------------------- This is a wretchedly bad kids ' movie ... Shallow , poorly scripted , cruel to the animal actors and insincere about the cruelty -LRB- the narrator ascribes emotions to the animals that are clearly not what they are feeling -LRB- `` happy '' while obviously distressed , etc. -RRB- Plus , it 's just dumb , simply moronic , insulting to the intelligence of the children it 's aimed at . Really
 I bought this movie at target for $ 5 for my son remembering how much I loved it as a kid . He has watched it a couple of times and adores it , and I thought it was a benign kid 's film . My husband and I were suspicious about how they got the animal to perform such tasks but assummed they had trained animals to do it all . Recently , my friend told me that the film was filmed in Japan and as many as 30 cats were killed or harmed in the making . It is all starting to make sense now ! I wish I could take it back because I feel awful having given my money to a movie that was cruel to animals .
 A deeply troubling film that shows animals , at the very least , in obvious physical distress , and , in all probability , in the midsts of horrific death . According to the American Human Society , it is rumored that as many as 27 cats were killed in the production of this picture in Japan . These are not computer generated special effects ; it just was n't possible to do that in 1986 when this movie was made . The scenes are also just too realistic to have been created any other way .
 It 's really hard to say anything bad about the movie because of the cute storyline , and the cute action caught on film of the animals , but CUTE does n't cut it when you realize the animals are being abused . There are n't any special effects here , the animals are mistreated , and it is shocking . I do n't recommend this movie to anyone , and the copy I own is going in the trashcan .
 I 'm not an activist . I rented this movie for my little 2 yr old . We thought it was cute in the beginning with all the little farm animals . UNTIL THE ANIMLAS WERE PLACED IN DANGEROUS SITUATIONS . The cat with a bear , the puppy with a bear , the kitten getting attacked by many seagulls , the kitten falling down the falls , and thrown off a cliff into the rocky coast , and a tired cold little dog in the freezing winter snow !!!! I really would not buy this movie for any child !! Animals were treated badly and killed !!!!!!!!! A little grafic !! YOU WILL ACTUALLY SEE THE CAT AND DOG GIVE BIRTH . I wonder if they were harmed in other movies as well !! Homeward Bound is MUCH MUCH BETTER !!!
 It 's incredible that so many mindless , ignorant viewers think this is a `` family movie ! '' Check out this snuff film . It 's amazing . How did those poor animals live through all those stunts ? They did n't . The makers of the film obviously got identical animals to replace the dead ones . Rent it , it 's worth an open-mouthed gawk . Then , review it here .
 This movie does not have the animal talking in it . It is a tape over of some guy reading the story . Ugh . Waste of money .
 I would love to give feedback on my recently ordered movie Milo & Otis but unfortunately since my order was placed on the 8th December 2007 I have still not received the DVD as of 10th Jan 2008 .
 I used to love this movie as a kid , and found nothing wrong with it . Now I realize that this movie is horible becuase they kill cats . The director is rumored to have eaten 2 of the cats .
 The first time I watched this movie I found it very difficult to understand . I could n't follow the plot at all ... then I realized that I had rented the Japanese version featuring the talented Shigeru Tsuyuguchi as the narrator.After some research , I discovered that an American version of this movie was available with narration by the late , great Dudley Moore.While Dudley Moore 's narration is charming and informative , I found the movie to be terribly misleading . Cats and dogs do not like each other - never have , never will . When the adorable dog -LRB- Otis -RRB- and the mischievous kitty -LRB- Milo -RRB- are separated after their day of carefree , reckless abandon , the two `` friends '' are sent on reluctant , yet incredible journey to find each other.A cat in search of a lost dog ? A dog in search of a lost cat ? Forgive me while I scoff in disbelief.It 's movies like `` The Adventures of Milo and Otis '' that give children ideas about how to rebel against society . Milo tells us that it 's okay to jump on a raft and get swept down a set of treacherous rapids . Otis tells us that it 's okay to confront ferocious grizzly bears , and that a cute little wag of the tail will make everything alright . The creators of this movie should be ashamed of themselves ... teaching children lessons like this.Getting lost in the wilderness is not a `` fun adventure '' , it 's often a terrifying and lonely experience.I expected a little more common sense from a children 's movie ...
 IM ONLY 12 AND I THOUGHT I WOULD LIKE IT ! MY 2 YEAR OLD COUSIN WAS WATCHING IT AND WAS DISGUSTED !!! IT MESSED UP THE STORYLINE BY ADDING MATES FOR MILO AND OTIS ! WHY DO THEY ALWAYS ADD ROMANCE TO CHILDREN 'S MOVIES ABOUT ANIMALS !!! I GOT THIS MOVIE FOR CHRISTMAS AND DEMAND MY MONEY BACK !!!! THEY EVEN SHOW WHEN A NEWBORN KITTEN IS BORN !!!! AT FIRST IT SEEMED CUTE BUT I TURNED IT OFF AS SOON AS I REALIZED THAT A KITTEN WAS BORN !!!
 When I first saw this movie , I was rather young , and was completely enthralled by it . Most people in my family loved it as well , and what 's not to like about a friendship between a cat and a dog?Years later , with an adult perspective , I now see the danger the animals were put in . The claim added to the movie was that the animals were taken care of , but there is never a codicil of ` no animals were harmed , period ' . Investigations of animal cruelty turned up cold without any definitive evidence because the Japanese were evasive in their comments . When I was little , I would have given it five stars , but now knowing the dark story and very much possible animal cruelty/deaths behind the film , my conscience will not let me give it any higher than a two .
 I am an adult and usually enjoy movies regarding animals . This one was dull and boring to me . I will probably give it to a child in hopes they may enjoy it .
 I bought this movie and am ashamed now . The animal torture is just ... there . They killed so many animals in the making of this movie it 's sick .
 All you have to do is watch clips online to see that many of the situations depicted in the movie were flat out cruelty . The scene where the cat was being attacked by gulls . Obvious abuse . Then the cat either jumps off the cliff in fear of his life -LRB- as the movie maker wants you to believe -RRB- . Or the more plausible scenario is that the cat is tossed off the cliff which again is not ok in any way , shape , or form . Oh but they seemed to have `` lived '' through the scene huh ??? Well in that case I suppose we should perform actual rapes when it is called for in filming of movies ??? ... I mean after all they will obviously `` LIVE '' through it right ? c'mon people use your brain . Abuse is abuse is ABUSE !
 Most of the reviews of this movie here are very positive ... however I have to agree with the nay sayers ... unless its a purely animated movie ... such as ` Ice Age ' ... one of my favorites ... I do n't care for live action films that personify animals like people ... not a good message for kids ... as I had a couple of bad experiences with pets as aThe Adventures of Milo & Otischild ... before I knew better ... I am not saying that animals where hurt or even killed in this movie ... but just watch that scene where Milo is in the box going down the rapids ... you can see the cat mewing in terrified distress ... I have a female orange tabby that looks very much like Milo ... if anyone treated her that way ! ... well , I would be very upset ... This film is not for kids at all ! ... however I do recommend it for adults to watch and see how animals can be mistreated ... watch the movie carefully ... and do n't give in to the cuteness ... better to just observe and love your own pets with your children
 Research it yourself . Many kittens died during the filming of this movie , others were injured . Long before the invention of CG , this movie features a kitten being thrown off of a cliff into the ocean and does not show it 's survival afterwards . If you think animals did n't get injured or killed during the filming of Milo and Otis you are completely delusional . Watch the film . Would you have survived it ? No .
 This movie involves tossing a cat off a cliff into the ocean -- where it presumably swims to shore -- putting a cat in a box and sending it down a river and over a waterfall , pitting a cat against a bear , which later falls from a branch quite a ways to the ground . It seems the many reviewers who liked this movie do n't empathize with the animal actors who -LRB- against their wills -RRB- are forced to do things that clearly terrify them . This is cruel spectacle , not wholesome entertainment .
 All you need to know is that they really throw a cat off a 50 foot cliff into the ocean . If you enjoy watching stuff like that then you might like this movie .
 This is one movie I remember from my childhood and I 'm sure that there 's other ASNers that remember this movie quite well . For those who have n't seen this movie it 's about a cat and dog , but it 's just all animals and no people featured in the movie , it 's only narrated throughout the movie . Watching it now , it seems like it has n't aged that well to me anyways and I do n't mean that it 's still a good kids or family movie whichever you want to label this movie as . Not only that but it 's a little short at least I think it is in some way . Overall I give The Adventures of Milo & Otis 2 stars out of 5 .
 I love cats and remember liking this movie as a little child , but now as an adult I found it kinda boring since it was a narrative . Probably best to show a young child and read along with the book which can be purchased separately .
 there were rumors that animals were abused while filming . and i actually believe them . it all looks to real when the cat or pug are attacked by something
 I rewatched part of this with my daughter recently . This was a favorite as a child but as an adult I ca n't ignore that these animals seem in very real distress during scenes -LRB- kitten falling over waterfall , pinched by crab , attacked by sea gulls and more -RRB- . The allegations of animal abuse are easy to see in the film and I ca n't be entertained when I feel bad for the animals.This is a wonderful fantasy story but can not be told by real animals in a humane way
 If this were an animated film this would be passable entertainment , but it is not . It is real , and what are you watching is wholesale animal abuse . See , in real life staged films usually require MULTIPLE takes to `` get the shot right '' ; perhaps the angles are n't good enough to use , whatever . All throughout , I kept wondering what horrors the crew was doing behind the camera to get the animals to do what they wanted . If you were utterly naive about the ways of the world and viewed this picture with innocent eyes you might find it cute , after all you have dainty music , deceptive editing , and the charming narration of Dudley Moore . That is the magic of post-production . I 'm no animal rights fascist , but this is beyond the pale . Misery is so clear and evident upon the faces of the dog and cat . This is a ghastly production .
 Blatant animal abuse . I did n't see it when I was six but holy crap it 's obvious now . I 'm glad the version I had as a kid was a recording , i.e. nobody got paid .
 I just watched this movie because we thought it would be a nice , light hearted movie to watch amid all the bad stuff going on in the world right now . I almost had to turn it off because I could n't stand how much the animals were put through just to make the film . I finished watching the whole thing to see how bad it would get and while no one knows if animals died or not making the film - they are definitely stressed beyond necessary . The film made me cringe - I was uncomfortable and felt worse for watching it . If you can throw a cat off a cliff into the water , let it get attacked by sea gulls , and let a pug almost die in the snow all to just catch the perfect scene then , yeah , the abuse probably went further . I get and accept that nature can be cruel - but you do n't have to add to the cruelty just to make a film .
 First of all , my toddler absolutely loves this movie . It 's cute , it 's sort of funny and engaging , and ... . it 's full of animal cruelty . -LRB- I bought it second hand , so my money went to the consignment shop and not the movie makers , thank goodness . -RRB- I started to really think about it after watching it over and over and now I ca n't get past it . Whether or not any animals were actually hurt or killed while filming , their discomfort and anxiety was utterly unnecessary and I 'm rather appalled at how often it is evident . Inflicting pain , be it physical or mental anguish , is ABUSE . Any pet owner will know it when they see it here . I 'm not going to list all the examples from the film . They are numerous . I think the worst , though , is subjecting the cat to the angry seagulls and throwing it off a cliff . It is such a random part of the story and it 's like they just threw it in for shocking action . And I HATE the part when they leave the dog on a rock with the tide coming in . That dog is utterly terrified . It 's all just sick and wrong.I 'm on the fence about whether or not to let my son continue to watch it . It 's not plainly visible abuse -- it 's not like someone is taking a baseball bat to a helpless animal . -LRB- They might as well have . -RRB- There is n't a bad message about mistreating animals ; there are no people in the movie . But these animals were mistreated during filming and that bothers my conscience . I do n't think my son will be `` damaged '' by this film , but the fact that the animals in it probably were makes it impossible for me to enjoy with him .
 I used to like this movie when i was very young and did n't know better . I have to agree with the horrible animal abuse , aside from the * spoilers ahead * cliff jump , if you look closely in the cabin scene where the cat is hiding from the bear you see the bear chomp down on the cats paw and then the scene quickly cuts . how much do you want to bet that the particular cat did n't make it out of that scene with a paw in good condition.Also , i think it 's horrible the message sent across with Milo and Otis ... it 's supposed to be a movie of ultimate friendship . . but then a girl comes along and milo forgets all about otis ?? that 's rediculous . . you shouldnt leave your friends for some girl you do n't know at all ... it 's like leaving your best friend for some hot girl you just met and know nothing at all . sure they come back together nearing the end of winter when otis is strugling to find food , but milo seems unconcerned as he gives otis the food and does n't offer to help him take the food to his starving family ... i dont know , maybe i 'm looking into the movie too deep . . but it 's full of abuse and bad messages sent out to me .
 To start with it should receive a -5 rating NOT a 1 . But I ca n't review it unless I mark it at least a 1 . I am not an activist but I am an animal lover and it became apparent very early in this movie that no one involved gave a darn about the animals . I am absolutely horrified that Dudley Moore did the voices for the Americanized version . The horror starts with the baby chick hatching out and being mauled by the kitten and moved on to the poor kitten `` jumping -LRB- ? -RRB- '' from a cliff , a dog being frozen , and mauled by a bear . The scene where the kitten moves through seagulls and is pecked is incredibly scary . As an animal lover and a bird feeder , I hand feed seagulls frequently , believe me a peck by a seagull is no laughing matter and certainly not cute ! I accidentally saw this flick while in a vacation rental and it looked like it would be a cute flick but BEWARE and stay away . My stomach and my heart are still aching . The fact that it 's 20 years old does n't make it any less tragic . Do n't buy it and feed the fires of this sort of `` entertainment '' .
 There are rumors about this movie saying 20 cats were killed and a cat 's paw was broken to make it limp in a scene . I do n't know if those rumors are true or not . What I DO know is that animals were tortured to make this movie .1 . In order for Otis to rescue Milo from a bear , the film makers put the little dog and a bear cub together and filmed whatever would happen . The cub seemed to want to play with the dog . It would take it 's large paws and swat at it , knocking the dog around like it was a stuffed animal . Keep in mind , even though it was a bear cub , it could break the dog 's back like it was a twig . The bear may not have been mean , but the whole scene was an accident waiting to happen . It is incredibly irresponsible to put a little dog in this situation . And the dog was NOT enjoying it . If you watch his body language , he was scared to death and fighting for his life .2 . A cat is put in a box and sent down a river . If you watch the movie , there are several moments when the box looks like it will come to shore and the cat would be able to jump out . But that 's when they cut the tape and push the cat back out so that it can plummet down a waterfall . In the footage they show , the cat survived . But ... that 's in the footage that made it in the movie . I would hate to see the outtakes .3 . They put the cat in a tree with a snake . Maybe the snake was n't poisonous . Maybe the snake would n't bite the cat . But the cat clearly did not know this and it was scared to death . I do not agree that any animal should be put in a state of fear for the sake of making a movie . If an animal is used for a movie , any `` acting '' it does should be something the animal enjoys doing .4 . They throw the cat down a deep hole .5 . They throw the cat off a cliff into water below near large rocks with big waves crashed on them . First of all , anybody that throws a cat off anything should be arrested and locked away . There is absolutely NO excuse for this . Second , the person that threw the cat into the water could easily have missed and the cat could have landed on the rocks . Third , even after the cat survives the fall , it panics and tries to climb back up the cliff , only to fall back into the water and have a giant wave crash onto it , slamming it into the rocks . This is ALL ON FILM ! It is NOT a rumor . They even narrated for it ! After the cat falls again the narrator goes `` Oops ! Try try again ! '' in a cute way as if this cruel display was in any way cute .6 . They put the cat in a tree and send the bear cub up after it . Very similar to the scene with the snake . The cat is scared to death.There 's also a scene where they stick the cat in a smokestack . The cat pokes his head out and he 's practically blinded by the smoke and ash . I can only imagine what went into his lungs.I really ca n't believe all the positive reviews for this movie . I can only hope that the defenders of this trash do not have pets .
 This would be a great movie for kids if it were n't for the fact that one or more cats were abused and almost certainly killed in the making of it . If you must watch it , check out the scene where they really throw an actual cat off of an actual cliff . It 's pretty horrifying , and it 's edited so that you have no idea if the cat really survived , or if they just grabbed a new one and kept filming . Also , check out the disclaimer in the end credits . It says `` animals were under close supervision with utmost concern for their safety '' . Notice it takes great pains not to say `` no animals were harmed '' , which has been boilerplate language for movie animal disclaimers for decades . What does this tell you ? Would n't they say `` no animals were harmed '' if none were ? Even if that cat survived , throwing it off a cliff into water , into what looks like breaking ocean surf if memory serves me , is unspeakably cruel . I 'm sorry to all the fans of this movie who do n't want to believe this . I wish I could see it another way , too . I agree with you that it 's very well made and enjoyable in so many ways . But the moviemakers ' disregard for their animals ' well-being ruined this for me . Please do n't support this sort of thing with your money.P.S . I am not a PETA member nor am I a vegetarian -LRB- not that there 's anything wrong with either of those -RRB- . I believe that using animals for human benefit is good and necessary as long as it is not done cruelly . And that said , I do n't really have any problems with this movie apart from the fact that they threw a cat off a cliff into the ocean , and probably killed it . How anyone can endorse this film for children after seeing that is beyond me.P.P.S . To Douglas Custer.In your review you write
 I bought this for my 4 year olds birthday because i thought it would be cute to see the animals on their adventure since my kids are animal lovers and we live on a farm . My four young kids thought this movie was just okay , i dont think it is a movie that they would want to watch again . My husband and i thought it was very annoying and all we could think about was how the poor animals were tortured over a 3 year period while making this movie . Made by Japanese and i dont think they have the same concern for an animals well being as Americans do .
 I was expecting a fun , romantic comedy -- and this is the complete opposite of that ... I gave it one star only because Harry Connick Jr is so cute ...
 With enough years of schooling under my belt , I can confidently say that I know what a good story is supposed to sound like . A combination of believable actors , an interesting plot line , and a satisfying ending , will appease those wanting to be entertained . Uniqueness is another important quality for stories but for people who know enough about movies , the romantic comedy genre is anything but unique . Boy and girl meet , they may or may not like each other at first , possibly a fight or two occurs , and then inevitably in the end , they live happily ever after already having forgotten about the past . I 'm not criticizing the genre because very often I do want to watch a romantic story with some intertwined humor , but New in Town starring Renee Zellweger and Harry Connick Jr. had neither of these elements . I was n't expecting to watch the winner of the 2009 Oscar for Best Picture , but there was n't a moment after the first fifteen minutes when I did n't want to just get up and leave the theater.Zellweger plays Lucy Hill , a Miami businesswoman who is sent to assist the underperforming food-processing branch of New Ulm , Minnesota . Her semi-memorable phrase of `` I will not get attached to this town or anyone in it '' paints a really accurate picture of her reaction to the culture shock of an old school town in the mid-North . Yes her obnoxious character contrasts well with the innocence of the older women of the town , but this gets annoying and repetitive very quickly . Their regional accents and their consistent use of phrases such as `` cutesy-poo '' and `` okey-dokey '' gets old pretty quickly . Many members , especially Zellweger 's tapioca-obsessed secretary , all fight to maintain some form of dignity throughout the film . I mean really , do all the characters need to be your typical small towner who can only relate to each other?Apparently not , because while Zellweger goes on and on about the horridness of the town , good looking Ted Mitchell , played by Connick , arrives as the local union representative who refuses to accept her trash talk . And what do you know , they fight , and fight , and fight . But of course , Connick has to be a lonely widow with a thirteen year old daughter ... how touching . How can Zellweger not fall in love with him now ? Although this may seem too cynical , I would n't have reacted this way if the route leading up to the romantic side of their relationship was not in the slightest bit clich&eacute; . Does that moment when they know each other is `` the one '' have to be when everything possible has gone wrong and they have nothing left but their `` love ? `` Of course , the film does have its witty moments , for example when Zellweger and Connick are on a crow-hunting adventure and she accidentally shoots him in the butt and the following day , the workers arrive wearing targets on their backs . Honestly , I ca n't even think of another example . But thank goodness in the end , she becomes a change woman and she tries to help Ted 's daughter with her makeup . Yet suddenly , she comes up with an idea to save her faltering company with none other than a tapioca recipe . No , it did n't make sense to me either.This PG rated movie , which should be an accessible , wholesome family fun film , is nothing of the sort . Its overused storyline and bland performances are not worth anyone 's time . And it 's not even that the ending was so predictable because as we all know romantic comedies are , but the method of execution was poor . I 'm not exactly sure what the purpose in making this movie was , but for those who will watch it -LRB- for reasons that are unknown to me -RRB- , I want to wish you good luck in not booing and throwing things at the screen , because you 're going to need it .
 WARNING ! Be careful buying this DVD . It would not play in my DVD player and I had to return it . Then the replacement would n't play either ! I think they are trying some kind of new copy protection that does n't work with a lot of players . What a pain in the butt .
 I did n't get to see the movie , it would not play on my dvd player so I had to send it back . Amazon was suppose to refund my money to my account but it has n't been refunded yet .
 I normally love romantic comedies , I take them for what they are , but not when they insult people who live in certain areas . In general , Minnesotans ' do n't talk like this . There might be a few in Sunburg , MN -LRB- less then 10 and I think I 'm being generous -RRB- . This movie made us look like a bunch of rejects from Norway , I was very insulted to say the least . Sadly it was n't even made in Minnesota , it was made in Canada where they say `` Aay ? '' alot . Since I moved out to western MN , I have picked up saying `` Heh ? '' -LRB- the Canadian Aay habit -RRB- , but I do n't say `` Ya know ? or `` You betcha ! '' I guess you could say this is a sore spot for me , I just find it so annoying , was n't Fargo enough ? This movie was n't even funny enough to get passed this inaccurate dialect .
 The girl at the video store said this film was n't very good , but I LOVE Renee , so I went ahead and bought it . She was right . I actually turned it off in the middle somewhere -- it was just too boring . Normally I do n't go back , but I gave this one a second shot and the second half was pretty good.From the 44 other reviewers who have written before me , I suspect the buyer is fairly well warned . I am writing to say something to the producers , if they should read this.Here it is in a nutshell
 Female yuppie from South Beach falls for life in small-town Minnesota . The storyline is anything but new and the outcome predictable , but that is what I expect from something labeled `` romantic comedy '' . Unfortunately , unlike Sandra Bullock or Diane Keaton , Renee Zellweger can not pull off the role of corporate executive ; there is absolutely no chemistry between her and Harry Connick ; and unless you consider stereotypes and cliches funny , there is not much to laugh about.It was n't a bad movie for the day after Christmas but overall unconvincing and too annoying to be entertaining .
 Renee Zellwegger 's character moves to a small town in Minnesota and finds friendship , romance , and a sense of community . Now , if only she would have found a clever script , chemistry with Harry Connick , and some intelligent life , we 'd be in business . Romantic comedies follow a formula , got it , but there should still be moments where we are surprised -- there 's not one moment that zigged instead of zagged . Movies about small towns paint the residents as quirky , got it -- this one paints them all as morons who could n't make the cut in Fargo . The state of Minnesota , in and of itself , is used as a punchline , as in Why Would Anyone Want to Go There ? Well , if people were as portrayed in this film , I 'd be moving . I suppose that 's where the movie sabotages itself -- I live in Minnesota and wondered why she wanted to live in the version portrayed in the movie . A woman is literally stumped by Renee 's character responding to the question of if she 'd found Jesus with , `` I did n't know he was missing . '' This is supposed to become her best friend -- why?Just , why?You like Renee Zellwegger , considerBridget Jones 's Diary . What a difference a funny or clever script makes.You like Harry Connick in a small town setting , how aboutHope Floats?You want a romantic comedy ? How aboutLove Actually -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- Big city folks in a small town?Funny Farm -LRB- I 'm not even a Chevy Chase fan and consider this a classic . -RRB- Small town life in Minnesota , complete with ice fishing : Grumpy Old Men/Grumpier Old MenStory set in Minnesota where people talk funny , but the script is brilliant : Fargo -LRB- Special Edition -RRB-
 The plot and dialogue of this movie were much more suitable for Sandra Bullock than for Renee Zellweger . Sandra can play the uptight-female-whose-gaffes-are-funny much better than Renee . Renee just looked pathetic . The plot was so predictable that the movie needed a strong comic actress . They got a big name and a beautiful woman , but it was the wrong one !
 One of those pointless romantic comedies , ` New in Town ' has absolutely nothing in it that sets it apart from the rest of the pack . The acting is mediocre , at time excruciatingly amateur , and that script is so cookie cutter that it borrows so much from other , better films to create a complete waste of time.And yet I 'm compelled to give this two stars for the mere fact that I did laugh kind of hard a few times.Lucy Hill is a Miami businesswoman who gets transferred to a small town in Minnesota in order to whip a plant into shape . She is not given a warm welcome , as the townsfolk know with her she brings layoffs , but what starts off rocky soon becomes smooth as Lucy warms up to Ted , the local Union Officer , not to mention Blanche , her secretary . Of course , it ca n't stay smooth for long , especially once her corporate office makes some abrupt changes in her plans . But , have no worries ; like every movie it steals its many scenes from , there is a happy -LRB- and very sappy -RRB- ending in store for us.My issue is that nothing here is fresh , exciting or noteworthy.Except Harry Connick Jr. I credit every funny scene in this film to Connick Jr. , an actor I used to kind of hate but who has lately made me take a double take -LRB- his work in 07 's ` Bug ' was extraordinary -RRB- . He is funny , charming and totally natural here , even when everyone around him is nothing more than an over-emphasized stereotype . He stands out , not just because everyone else is horrible , but because he is BETTER THAN THIS MOVIE.Zellweger used to be so lovely . Remember when she waded through ` Bridget Jones ' movies with spunk and sweetened naturalism ? Remember when she blew us all away with her beautifully charming breakthrough in ` Jerry Maguire ' ? Remember her sizzle through ` Chicago ' ? WHERE IS THAT GIRL !?!? I miss her . Her she is nothing , truly NOTHING . Her squished face barely registers an emotion through this entire film . In fact , the only scene she nails is the one where she plays drunk . Siobhan Fallon is really nothing but a carbon copy of a ` Fargo ' character , yet without the intelligence that the Coen brothers brought to their characters . J.K. Simmons is a great character actor , but his accent is so iffy that he really loses points here . I will say that the weight and the beard suit him -LRB- he should think about getting fat -RRB- but aside from that he was absolutely pointless.Why does every one of these films containing a diner waitress name her Flo?Skip this one . Really . Stay away . It 's sad , because I really liked Connick Jr. 's performance and want to say `` watch this for him '' but even he is not worth suffering through the rest of this film for . My wife even said about halfway through ; `` is this torture for you too ? '' and the answer was `` yes '' , but I have this thing where I need to finish what I start , even if the only reason is to tear it apart the next day in a review !
 Glad I did n't pay for this at the theater . This is a dull , predictable , cutesy movie . Not so funny . Not so interesting . Could have been alot better !!!!!
 How saddened I was to see that two of my favorite actors chose to do this film that was so disappointing . I watched it with three friends , all of whom are romantic comedy and drama movie types , and we finally shut it off after repeatedly telling one another , `` We 'll give it a chance '' and `` Maybe it 'll get better '' for over 45 minutes . The best word to describe this film , in my opinion
 I think this a cute movie , but it 's EXTREMELY predictable . So much so that I ended up going into the kitchen to cook some food about a quarter of the way thru , turning my head every few minutes or so towards the screen to see if I missed any surprises . Nope . While the predictability was mildly annoying , the attempt at a Minnesotan accent was pure comedy . I 've lived in Minnesota for many years , and I can honestly say that I have never , ever heard ANYONE talk like that . I suppose it 's meant to be a spoof , but it became very annoying after the first few lines . I think THAT is maybe the main reason I left the room . Anyways , it 's a cute movie at least . The story is simple yet sweet , not my personal style , but it was OK .
 There is a quiet fireside scene between stars Ren&eacute;e Zellweger and Harry Connick Jr. on a couch about midway through this 2009 rom-com . It lasts a couple of minutes , and that is one of the very few redeemable qualities that this otherwise flat and predictable film has to offer . It 's no wonder that this movie came and went very quickly in theaters because I 'm really amazed at how poorly constructed it is by Danish director Jonas Elmer and how overly reliant it is on cutesy humor and dated stereotypes . I thought Zellweger already went down the path of the smug career woman with her unctuous turn as a Doris Day wannabe in Peyton Reed 's retro-kitschyDown with Love , but it looks like she is going down the well once again with even less fortuitous results this time . She plays Lucy Hill , a cutthroat middle management executive on the fast track in a Miami-based food processing conglomerate . Sent to the arctic-level cold of New Ulm , Minnesota , Lucy has been assigned to dismantle and downsize operations in order to produce a new snack bar line.Tough as nails with the high heels to match , Lucy is unsurprisingly hated by most of the townsfolk with two exceptions . One is her devoted secretary , Blanche Gunderson , who has a secret tapioca recipe that figures into the by-the-numbers plot , and the other is Ted Mitchell , the local union representative who pushes Lucy off her self-anointed pedestal only to find himself falling in love with her . The film 's first half is marked by all the typical fish-out-of-water clich&eacute;s that co-screenwriters Kenneth Rance and C. Jay Cox could resuscitate , or at least copy from Charles Shyer ` sBaby Boom -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , while the second half is even worse with Lucy inevitably winning the trust of the townsfolk with her fierce determination redirected in saving the plant . The means by which she finds success for the factory is almost as predictable as the makeover montage showing how she transforms Ted 's adolescent daughter into a prom princess . Attempts at Capra-level corn seem not only uninspired but completely unoriginal , and the aw-shucks stereotypes of rural Minnesotans lifted from the Coen Brothers ` Fargoonly add to the contrivances pervasive throughout the plot.Photographed in a most unflattering manner , Zellweger has rarely been this unappealing onscreen , and it 's a wonder why she would have accepted a role as soul-curdling as Lucy . Connick comes across as either belligerent or listless as Ted , and the chemistry between the actors suffers for the dichotomy . As kind-hearted Blanche , Siobhan Fallon Hogan -LRB- the birthing coach inBaby Mama -RRB- is never given a chance to elevate the character above a regional stereotype , while J.K. Simmons -LRB- the wiseacre father inJuno -RRB- manages to score a few points as the plant 's curmudgeonly foreman . Interestingly , Winnipeg , Manitoba substitutes for rural Minnesota , and credit cinematographer Chris Seager for fully capturing the rigorous winter conditions . Given how dismal the movie 's box office returns were , the 2009 DVD provides a surprisingly robust set of extras with a making-of featurette as well as a couple of other shorts spotlighting some of the plot devices like scrapbooking and tapioca pudding . There are some deleted scenes and an optional commentary track with the cast and crew .
 This movie would have been a lot better without Harry Connick Jr. . I am not sure when he became an actor or why for that matter , but I really do n't think he matched up well with Zellweger or the others . There are a few scenes that are very funny -LRB- without Connick -RRB- . But the movie as a whole does n't stand up to the idea of the story and it could have been a lot better . What I admire most about the film is that they shot it in Winnipeg , Canada in bitterly cold weather . And for that reason alone the film deserves four stars . But I only gave it two for the actors ability to pull their character through each scene and story development -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- .
 It cost millions to make a movie . This one must have had some very experienced people making it , because the prodcution values were very good.HOWEVER you would think that there was a LEAST ONE person who worked for these people that would be able to tell them that their movie sucked . If there is no such person then I here by applly for the position . This movie almost sucks!Okay let 's do this the quick and painless way and list the things that are BAD :1 . There is No chemsitry between the leads . There is nothing happening with them in any of their scenes together . The stuck zipper scene should have been charming , playfull , and cute at least , but NOTHING ! Rene has to be the one to start the kissing action and then she does it while the poor slob is telling her about his first wife dying ! That is romantic ? 2 . Rene Z. is n't even filmed in such away that she looks attractive . The male lead is crubby looking and comes on as a `` pig . '' I understand that this maybe the script 's fault , but he never becomes likeable .3 . The script is predictable and the ending , well you know is coming way too early . The woman 's dessert is thrown up to us all the way through the movie . The ending speech is HORRIBLE ! I did n't know if the guy was serious at first , I guess his lack of beard should have warned me4 . The car scene at the first of the movie between the two women fell flat and was painful to sit through .5 . The BIGGEST sin a movie can make is being slow or dull . This movie does both.Why two stars?The minor characters like the foreman are neat and interesting , especially when we go to his basement in his ex-wife 's house where we me his ex wife and what he says when she comes down stairs is great.look if you want a movie that has a fish out of water and great chemistry between the leads go see THE PROPOSAL .
 This is a dreary movie shot on the cheap . The film is based on an unimaginative , predictable and stereotypical script , most actors , including Connick , do not act but rather ` parody ' their roles and at times this ` comedy ' is almost painful to watch . The film is condescending , treats adults -LRB- the targeted audience -RRB- as children.Zelwegger is OK , but the continuous pursing those pretty heart-shaped lips is simply not enough to distract from what is a lazy , opportunistic , badly scripted and badly directed film .
 My wife and I rented this film hoping for a predictable romantic comedy with a predictable happy ending . The whole point of a romantic comedy is to watch the chemistry develop between the actor and actress . Maybe a few tears , a laugh or two.I knew something was wrong with this film when I saw the font `` Papyrus '' being used for the opening credits . The script was horribly written , with awkward moments where I knew the writer thought I 'd be laughing but instead , I 'm looking at the clock . Renee 's character is poorly developed so we do n't really care if she finds love or not . Harry Connick Jr. is the only bright spot but his part is the easiest . And there is an interesting problem with the location
 I love Rene Z. but this film lacked spunk . I can say at least I saw it , but it left alot to the imagination , pretty dry movie in my book
 The movie was very slow , not funny at all ... The movie lacked romance ; no real story line . `` Sweet Home Alabama '' is everything that you think this movie would be centered around Minnesota , but there was no comparison . I thought it was going to at least be good , but I found it to be a great disappointment and a waste of money .
 The authors of the DVD lockout controls from the viewer . You will be FORCED to watch commercials you have no interest in.The menu system is poorly done and difficult to navigate.The movie is not bad , obviously NOT filmed in Minnesota.The -LRB- pointless -RRB- copy protection prevented this movie from playing on some of my Blu-ray players.Does NOT come with a digital copy . Does NOT come with a standard definition DVD .
 New in Town had all the potential to be a great romantic comedy but even good , talented actors could n't save this stinker . I have always adored Renee Zellweger and yes ... she gives another outstanding , funny performance but the pace of this film is very slow and the jokes fall flat from the supporting cast . Zellweger 's chemistry with Harry Connick Jr. is excellent but overall , I found in New in Town to be very drab . I was hoping for so much more , a major disappointment .
 Some of these reviews are absurd . This is the worst movie I have ever seen and I 'm a fan of silly romantic comedies . The timing is bad , the dialogue is terrible and the script is just awful . Renee Zellweger and Harry Connick must have been cringing when given some of these lines to say . DO NOT WASTE A SECOND OF YOUR LIFE ON THIS MOVIE !!! Do n't say I did n't warn you !
 Awful . Horrible . I 'm from New Ulm and that 's why I rented the movie . COMPLETELY UNREALISTIC AND INNACURATE . Not to mention a truly dopey , stupid movie . I like Rene Zellweger and HCJ , but ... what were they thinking ?
 I love this movie , so I was very dissapointed to have found flaws in the disk half-way through the movie . I will attempt to get satisfaction from the seller , but caution anyone purchasing from this vendor .
 This was beneath the talent of Harry Connick , Jr. and Renee Zellweger . Poor script , contrite story , non dimensional characters . There were only three scenes that I can say were genuinely funny . Other than that it was predictable and incomplete in plot and story line.You find yourself wondering `` where did that come from ? '' There is a lack of character development that is frustrating . Its like they wanted to rush to the conclusion and leave you to write the map as to how they got there.Disappointing .
 2.5 stars . The title of my review pays homage to several influences that came to mind while watching `` New in Town '' , all of which , I might add , were funnier than this . Multifaceted Oscar winner Renee Zellweger has finally encountered a role she ca n't pull off convincingly , that of a ruthlessly ambitious corporate management type tasked with turning around an underperforming factory . ` Fish out of Water ' stereotypes abound as our plucky gal travels from Miami to New Ulm , MN -LRB- Winnipeg stands in for Minnesota here , and is even colder , if that is possible -RRB- , to earn herself a promotion by making the factory profitable . As her entire wardrobe consists of designer suits and shoes more fitting of a fashion editor covering the Bryant Park shows than to a hard hat zone in Minnesota in the middle of winter , her new subordinates are doubtful that this will be achieved . As are we . Of course , the script demands that everyone , including the hunky union boss -LRB- Harry Connick , Jr. -RRB- take an instant dislike to the stuck-up big city suit intent on screwing them out of a job , until , of course , she reveals her pluckiness and charm and they win her over with tapioca and down-home Midwestern gumption . Renee Zellweger has proven that there is no other actress more willing to take physical pratfalls and otherwise look ridiculous as she , and she pratfalls her little heart out as she falls sideways in the snow ; falls facedown in the snow ; falls backwards off the porch into snow while drunk ; gets her car stuck in the snow ; and memorably tries to take a pee in the woods while wearing about 75 pounds of snowsuit . She works her little heart out to bring the funny , but the script lets her down and just never gels into a cohesive whole . Some of the supporting players are effortlessly hilarious , most notably Siobhan Fallon Hogan as Blanche Gunderson , who is certainly related to Frances McDormand 's Sheriff Marge Gunderson of `` Fargo '' , and J.K. Simmons -LRB- Spiderman ; The Closer -RRB- , nearly unrecognizable under a 10-pound beard and even heavier Minnesota accent . The leads unfortunately ca n't save this from being a freeze-dried piece of Rom-Com Screenwriting 101 complete with Midwestern sterotypes . Even if the good people of Minnesota have no other hobbies besides ice fishing , scrapbooking and eating tapioca -LRB- which I 'm sure they do -RRB- , this is insulting all the same . Matthau and Lemmon did this better , and had loads more chemistry , too . It 's kinda a shame that so many cast and crew members braved frostbite for this frozen dud . But the Academy might consider minting a new award and making Renee its shoo-in first recipient
 I 'm a big fan of Renee Zellweger and HCJ , so I was expecting a lot from this film . Alas it was not meant to be.The idea of a glamorous city executive -LRB- Zellweger -RRB- coming to a small town to downsize a company and butting heads with the local union rep -LRB- HCJ -RRB- is an excellent one . There was so much potential here for a really sharp romantic comedy , but it basically fell completely flat . Why ? IMO because it did n't want to tackle the real issues surrounding downsizing and corporate greed , so it went the way of condescending stereotypes and tired romcom cliches.Zellweger goes from being a brittle corporate drone to someone with a conscience in the blink of an eye , and there are only a few lame scenes with her & HCJ before they are in lurve . There 's no sparring or witty repartee to draw the reader in , or any attempt to build sexual tension . The dialogue is unbelievable and the film consists of very short scenes that do n't allow you to connect with the characters . The icy landscape is very fitting because Zellweger 's face is frozen throughout the entire movie , but maybe that was through embarassment at being in such a dud , and not a botox treatment gone wrong .
 This movie is boring . Zellweger must have had bad botox , because she could n't move her mouth the entire movie , it was very distracting . The old weird women were the only entertaining bits of the movie and if the movie had no Zellweger and all old crazy fargo chicks I might have liked it .
 In this fish-out-of-water romantic comedy , Renee Zellweger stars as a hotshot executive who 's sent to the Land of 10,000 Lakes to oversee layoffs at one of her company 's factories ; there , she falls for the local union rep and learns about the strange customs of small-town Americans . New in Town 's timely premise and winning leads are no match for the film 's weather-beaten , cliched script , which tries way too hard to be uplifting .
 So far , my 1 year old has n't been able to sit throught this one . The Sesame Street part is fine . She likes seeing Big Bird talk about songs with all of his friends , but the real weakness of the DVD is when the film of the animals comes on -LRB- which is why I bought this in the first place , because my daughter loves seeing animals -RRB- . The first segment is of a dog herding cattle , except the film is so old and grainy it reminded me of the old Lorne Greene animal documentaries he used to narrate . My daughter got bored and crawled away . So I skipped to the next song which was n't as bad , so she sat and watched it happily . Then the third song came up , and again the film looked 30 years old , and off she went . What 's the point in watching a DVD if you half to skip through half of it ? I was very disappointed with this Sesame Street effort .
 My 20 month old son loves Sesame Street and all the puppets , but this video shows too many live animal videos . It does n't keep his interest like the other videos .
 My son likes the movie ; we had owned it before but lost it so I ordered a new one . The vendor sent it in a timely fashion , but it arrived cracked and would n't play . I tried to return it but somehow AMAZON did n't have it listed as something I purchased until after the 30 day return policy had expired . Gessh ! When the system works , I love it , but when there 's a breakdown ; it 's frustrating .
 My toddler and I love the songs on this tape . But , I am troubled by some of the images . There are aardvarks in a small pen and chickens laying eggs on conveyer belt in some sort of factory farm . I realize that the tape is 15 years old , but other tapes of the same era have better images.So , we switched to Sing Yourself Silly and Kids Favorite Songs . My daughter likes them just as well , but with better images .
 This show could have been great , but the plot and the way the characters act is just ridiculous.The captain and the crew act like immature , compulsive children with no manners or common sense . They unnecessarily blow up part of a monastery , when they could have just surrounded them from several sides and shot them . There were only 4 Andorians!Then Captain Archer betrays the Vulcans , their main alleys , by deliberately giving the Andorians top-secret Vulcan info . If T'pol was really logical , she would have killed all the Andorians as well as her human crewmates on the spot.It 's like this show is a parody of human stereotypes from a Vulcan 's point of view , it just makes all humans look like idiots ... This show almost has me rooting for the bad guy . .
 What was the problem with enterprise ? There are many opinions , but upon closer examination of the show the problem is not the choice of actors or failing ratings . Scott bakula must have been happy when he was chosen for this role and probably thought rightfully that it was the role of a lifetime after all it made William Shatner a household name . Many people have complained that he was a wrong choice for this role , but he was perfectly suited for it . This actor , in fact all the actors that graced the small screen in enterprise were more than competent , particular Bukula.Scott bakula was an actor best known for a role he had in another TV show that was long running . In this show he played a wide variety of roles some even female , and some in different historical settings . This would have been too much for most actors , but Bakula managed to succeed and hit a bulls eye constantly . Just this show alone proves Bakula is an outstanding actor that can handle any role tossed at him.John Billingley is another fine actor , pay close attention to his facial expression and mannerisms , particularly in the temporal cold war arc and in later episodes . He manages to capture the psychological portrayal of his character despite the laughable lines that come out of his mouth . The problem with enterprise lies with the writing particularly the script . The actors do an above average performance with sub - material . Even outstanding actors cant save a sinking ship - and the enterprise was a sinking ship , literally a sinking star ship . Without solid writing a TV show or film will not survive and prosper . Despite its expensive budget , state of the art special effects and a name brand recognized by millions , and flawless sets enterprise should have succeeded and gone where star trek did n't go before . But enterprise only managed to cause embarrassment for everyone involved especially the actors who tried their best with the trash handed to them . They deserved better than this and we the viewers deserve better.The actors are probably going to be blamed for this shows failure maybe even vilified , but anyone with intelligence knows it was n't their fault the enterprise sank . Without good or even average writing a TV show cant survive , this show sadly suffered from all aspects of bad writing - derivative and ill-conceived plots to a far fetched premise and down right embarrassing scripts . The actors had nothing to do with this mess , bakula and billingley are more than competent actors I would even call them outstanding - just check their other work out . Enterprise was a bad idea that should have never seen the light of day or in this case the darkness of space .
 Do n't waste your money on Enterprise . It 's boring , unoriginal , poorly acted , poorly written , and just a disaster from start to finish . Sadly , this Trek is dreck .
 I really tried to like this show . Being a long time fan of all things trek I forced myself through two whole seasons , but I just could n't bear it any longer . Unlikeable bland characters that go from seriously overacting to wooden performances from one moment to the next ; Focusing way too much on the vulcan t ` pol -LRB- we get it she 's hot , but c'mon this is n't baywatch -RRB- ; The fillers between story arcs are absolutely tedious too watch and have no redeeming values whatsoever ; and talking about the story arc ... just ugghhhh ! I had my fill of `` temporal cold war `` I like Bakula in quantum leap , I thought he 'd be good here but `` oh boy '' did he suck . Jolene blalock did alright as the seductive vulcan -LRB- haha that was nice , 7 of 9 anyone -RRB- and the other characters whose name I do n't remember are like part of the set decoration -LRB- except for trip he gets alot of air time -RRB- , they do n't develop those characters enough.The premise is good , but the execution is horrid . The `` beginning of the federation '' drew me in , I was curious to find out about
 ... and that would , in many ways , be preferable to being subjected to this awful drivel.You know , I respect how difficult it is to write a television show . To keep plots fresh every week , to keep things tight in only 45 minutes , to watch the pacing , keep everything in character , to provide a variety of moods ... certainly I know I could n't write anything as good as even the worst episodes of Babylon 5 or the X-Files . But even I could have done better than this . I swear that it would be plausible that this entire series was farmed out as an experiment to a high school creative writing class , were it not for the fact that even this methodology would have to have produced at least one decent script , something which this show manifestly fails to deliver.Star Trek
 I got these DVD 's cause I like to think I model my life on Captain Kirk , and Scott Baculauriate was so cool in `` Quantum Leap '' I though he 'd make a good role model for a couple of my kids , and on DVD I could take it to all their mammas houses when I visit on alternate weekends.My problem is that that vulcan just shows too much skin . I mean , that one episode when they were supposedly covered in alien spores and start rubbing gel all over each other ? Well , I 'm not too up on interspecies love , I got put in the drunk-tank in Mobile for that once , so I think it 's setting a bad example for the kids.I give it two stars because the the special effects are better than the first Star Trek , which do n't make sence because this is supposed to take place BEFORE captain Kirk ...
 What an incredibly awful & boring piece of TV . This show lacks the charisma of Trek and its ideals . The cast is terrible , most especially the Vulcan woman with enlarged er ... ears . It has been repeated many times that Trek fans will buy anything as long as it has Trek written on . After this show , I believe it . I anxiously purchased the special editions of all the films , TOS , TNG , DS9 and Voyager . I will not be buying this trash ! No wonder it was cancelled !
 I downloaded this show and was unable to play it . I had to roll back Windows Media Player 11 to 10 . When that was done , I lost all of my downloaded music -LRB- digital rights -RRB- . Still could not play movie . Re-installed Media Player 11 and music was still unobtainable . Lost the $ 2 for the show and $ 25 or more dollars worth of music . Not very happy with this product !
 This show is beyond stupid . The first episode was the only entertaining one . The rest where all disgusting , from the awful scripts to the Captain preaching to hostile aliens about loving one another . Some crew members say `` I ca n't do this it is too hard . '' about certain things like deciphering an alien language . But do n't worry Captain Archer is always there to pat them on the back and say `` I believe in you , you can do it . '' That type of manure is in almost every episode . This show is leagues below `` Voyager '' . I 'm very pleased that this awful filth is being cancelled . Do n't waste your hard-earned money on this . Go out and buy Star Wars on DVD .
 This show was so bad it killed the franchise . I love Star Trek and this sad excuse ended the era . On the other series you liked the characters but not this bunch , with the exception of Jolene Blalock 's character . The lead actor had the charisma of a paper cup . I remember hearing that he was cast in the lead role and I knew instantly it would be bad . I even hate the terrible theme music . BlueRay wo n't improve this disaster . I would n't buy this over-priced disaster for $ 10.00 let alone $ 84.00 .
 especially compared to the fluffy `` adventure '' of the reality TV craze that has infected all the networks . I had high hopes for Enterprise ; I have n't seen a Star Trek that I really enjoyed since The Next Generation went off the air , and the idea of a lower-tech , and hopefully more gutsy and engaging , Star Trek was appealing.Unfortunately much of Enterprise is the same tired material that has been done and re-done in all the shows that came before it . Like the original , there is a Vulcan Science Officer . Like Voyager , Enterprise insists on having a ridiculously cat-suited female prancing around . This is made more ludicrous by the fact that she is T'Pol , a Vulcan ... is it really logical to wear something so skin-tight that mobility is at stake?The crew of this first Enterprise face the same situations that the crews of subsequent ships have faced for hundreds and hundreds of episodes ; I 'm not saying that these situations are n't sometimes interesting and even creative -LRB- an unexpected development with Tripp in `` Unexpected '' was delightful -RRB- but really , how many times can a captain almost-instantly pacify races who have been archenemies for hundreds of years before it gets tired ? How many defiant and/or motivational speeches and words of encouragement can he give before we realize he 's some sort of strange hybrid of Captains Picard , Kirk , AND Janeway?Much of the show 's watchability comes from what it does n't have
 I just finished rewatching Firefly , and Enterprise is a real frustration in comparison . I sort of like Enterprise . I love Star Trek . I 'd say about 23 % of the episodes in Season 1 are really interesting . 30 % are almost exact copies of episodes from the other Star Trek series . For the most part , the writing is really lazy . The writers treated Enterprise like Voyager , which was a boring nowhere concept that they KNEW did n't work . The ship should have been teetering on disaster , exploring the strange and beautiful . Instead , the Enterprise crew were like stupid rednecks with no common sense meeting boring aliens . And the Jolene Blalock T&A scenes are inexcusable and insulting . Shame on you Berman and writing staff . Enterprise does get really good in Season 3 and Season 4 . It 's too bad the writers did n't treat the franchise like it was in trouble from the beginning . For your money , buy Firefly and the complete Deep Space Nine series . When Enterprise Season 3 comes out , start there .
 Count me among those who `` just do n't get it . '' Enterprise bored me from the very first episode , and even with the handful of better episodes that emerged in the fourth season , the show never came close to other Trek series . It had no sense of awe , no sense of humor , no original stories , and a wasted premise . Plus , Scott Bakula is without a doubt the worst starship captain ever , a one-note character played by a bland , boring actor . If you want good Trek , look to Star Trek Voyager instead . If you want great sci-fi , wait for Battlestar Galactica -LRB- the new series -RRB- to come out on DVD . Enterprise is one long snooze , and I 'm glad it 's over .
 Okay , it may be a year since I ordered this but I bought it for a very good friend in NY for Christmas last year . Amazon did n't have it in stock so I bought it from Carmel Beach Books through Amazon . Now this is an entire season of episodes . I did n't realize that you only get thirty days to return it if it 's a faulty product . About six weeks later -LRB- after Christmas -RRB- she discovered that many episodes would not play . I bought one for myself and I had the same problem . Now it was too late to return . I e-mailed Carmel Beach Books about the problem and they told me to &#34; send it back . &#34; That 's all they wrote . No return labels , no promise of money back - nothing ! Amazon would n't help me because it was over thirty days . I decided to cut my loses and I bought another from a local store and sent it to her . I did n't bother to replace mine . It 's too bad because we both love the show and I had planned on buying more for the both of us . I wo n't now!I must add , for the very lucrative Star Trek franchise , they sure put these DVDs in really horrible packaging . It 's very difficult to remove the disks from the container without bending them . Pressing in the center does n't help . Do you think it was planned that way ?
 You know , I 'm a major Star Trek Nut !! I am ! I admit it.I 'm also a Scott Bakula fan . I 've love Quantum Leap , and I tolerated most of Scott 's movies . Even the bad ones were made enjoyable by his performance.But his Captain Archer killed this series . Well , that , and the idiots that ca n't figure out established cannon . I mean , the sheer appearance of the Klingon shoutted alarms all over the place . But I could have handled it ... except , he was n't the CLASSIC Star Trek Klingon . DS9 establisheed that there was a reason why the older klingons were different.Worf
 It 's official
 To me , Star Trek has always been about the future . What made The `` Next Generation '' wildly successfull was the fact that it takes place farther in the future than the original series . You get to see the progress that the Federation has made in regards to technology and its relationships to other races . So why did they decide to make a prequel ? Talk about boring and redundant . The producers had a chance to make something that could have pulled in another generation of viewers and completely blew it . Now the franchise is basically dead in the water.The actors try their best but the characters are static and uninteresting . The writers try to take some half-hearted chances in the final two seasons but by then it is too late . I grew up watching Star Trek and love the concept but its old and stale . I think that the franchise owners need to watch shows such as Buffy , Battlestar Galactica and Farscape . Maybe then , they will get a clue and take some risks with the storytelling and the direction of the franchise .
 The above quote from Original Series Chief Engineer Montgomery Scott sums up my feelings for the first two seasons of Enterprise perfectly.Weak . Bland . And yes - even boring!For the most part the shows first two seasons are just half-baked re hash of old plots of the other shows . Enterprise S1 & 2 is ` cut-and-paste ' Trek using the mentality of ` If it worked once , it 'll work again ' . Most of the suppossed ` new and fresh ' elements have been mostly cosmetic in nature with no real bearing on how the stories are told.The show runners -LRB- Rick Berman and Brannon Braga -RRB- have an obvious lack of knowledge of early Trek lore , which is an absolute must for a prequel series.Season three was a significant improvement with its season long arc based story , worthy of at least three stars . It was a bold and interesting experiment for Star Trek , but ultimalely not as good as it could have been.The only season of Enterprise thats really worth the time and money and deserving of at least four and possibly five stars , is its fourth and final season , run by a man who actually knows his Trek lore . Save your money for that .
 My item was sent very quickly ! But i ordered season 1 i was sent season 2 very un satisfied at this point 2 does no go without 1
 i love star trek but this was truly awful . worst episode ever . i do n't know if the acting or the story was worse but probably the acting . skip it and save your time .
 I have never written a review on any of the Star Trek Series but I feel with this clunker people need to be warned.I have throughly enjoyed and collected all of the Voyager series , and watched most of the Next Generation on TV . Sadened by the ending of both , I was looking forward to this new entrant to the Star Tek family.Where do I start ? Bad scripts , apalling casting and the theme music summed up a `` cowboy western '' meets `` miami vice '' shocker that lost me the moment it premiered . Scott Bukula wins the award for the worst Star Ship Captain ... EVER . I felt as if TV execs had created this as a bad joke on their audience.Take note those people who gave this a good review , this series was canned after its 4th -LRB- a difficult thing to do considering those of us who found the pace of DS9 unbearable -RRB- . This came as no suprise to those who were fans and those who were n't . Do n't waste your money .
 I 've always been a fan of Star Trek , from the original series , but I thought Enterprise was just awful . I think it started with the guy they chose for the captain . He is not a good actor and to the extent he has any talent its much better suited to comedy than action adventure . The rest of the cast was also mediocre . Most of the stories just made me grown they had so many holes in the plot or were so contrived and predictable .
 `` Enterprise '' ... the woefully misbegotten stepchild of Star Trek . This series had its moments and the cast was quite good , however the show was bad . . In fact , it was awful . The blame for this miscarriage lies solely with Rick Berman and Brannon Braga , who only cared about how much further they could milk the franchise and take advantage of the fans ' eagerness for Trek . Why the unusual theme song ? Because they wanted to milk the franchise for a radio hit like `` Dawson 's Creek '' and make even more money selling that . To these two bean-counters , Star Trek was just a commodity ... a cash machine to run into the ground . In fact , it was these same two gentlemen who destroyed the movie franchise as well as the TV series . How ? Terrible , terrible writing.Mr . Berman and company used largely the same stable of writers that they had been using since at least 5th season TNG . Story ideas became cannibalized and recycled , and eventually simple retreads fitted to a different cast . One of the great things about the original series was the inclusion of stellar SCIENCE FICTION writers such as Theodore Sturgeon , Harlan Ellison , and Robert Bloch . Instead , with no new blood the Star Trek series became more of a soap opera set in a science fiction setting instead of a show exploring new and imaginative ideas . The science fiction element became just a trapping ... a garnishment.One of the great disappointments of Enterprise , for me , was the look of the show . I was expected to believe that this show took place before the original series , yet the uniforms , the technology , the aliens , and even the ship itself looked light years ahead of anything that had come before . Branon Braga 's comment that `` You ca n't please everybody '' in regards to the anachronistic set design was a monumentally arrogant statement . If you do a prequel , it is incumbent upon you to take into account the future . That means everything , including the set design , should be related to and building toward what was seen in the original series . With this glaring error , it is difficult to suspend disbelief.Plus , there were story elements that were being shoehorned into continuity that simply did not belong . Extensive and complicated time travel stories ? Turtle-headed Klingons ? Ferengi ? These things did not exist within the Star Trek universe timeline until later . Again , to simply ignore this fact when you are making a prequel is a testament to the arrogance of Berman and Braga.The actors are very much up to the task , but the ideas had dried up long ago . There are still some gems to be had from this mess . However , I would suggest renting instead of buying ... especially considering the exorbitant price Paramount affixed to these DVD sets , yet another indication of the let 's - squeeze-as-much-cash-as-we-can-from-the-gullible-fans ideal that eventually came to drive the Star Trek franchise.Two stars is all , I 'm afraid . I ca n't blindly heap on a five-star rating simply because it 's Star Trek and I 'm supposed to be a fan.Mr . Berman , Mr. Braga , you 've made a cynic of me . Damn you for that .
 The Show had a great potential . The concept was bold - although not original - and it had a great time to be started at the turn of the 21st century - however - the show show lacked some basic elements.It lacked interesting characters . Even with a very talented performer like Scott Bakula - without a good script , it just does n't happen . I feel sorry for Scott and have heard that he and Conner Trinneer both campaigned for a new direction for their characters.The first season tried its best to flesh out the intrigue but failed in the story arcs . Rick Berman and Brannon Braga killed the series by making it a REAL Soap Opera . -LRB- The only thing missing was the Sappy music ! -RRB- The show did n't focus on characters or story at all . by the end of the second season - it was apaprent no one was watching and in fact - it was cancelled twice.Star Trek needs a rest from TV to gain new life and definately NEW blood onthe production side . I am said to see no new Trek , but Berman followed his legacy by killing the Movie franchise and creating `` Nemesis '' and `` Insurrection '' - thereby killing the movie Trek relm as well.The only reason I gave it a 2 at all was because of its technical achievements . It looks great and Herman Zimmerman did a great job.I wish it could have been better - but it was more writing and poor execution . 4-1-05
 I tried to give ENTERPRISE a chance . I was excited to see how the Federation and Starfleet first developed and what happened soon after the discovery of warp drive . But the show did n't deliver on those promises in the first season.I could -LRB- possibly -RRB- have forgiven all glaring inconsistencies about the ship 's naming and the technology , the bland crew , and the ` Patch Adams ' theme song if - IF - the NX-01 had n't started off by meeting alien races that were not discovered until centuries later . Picard encountered the Borg first ? Nope , Archer . Ferengi ? Archer . And on and on and on . That was not only flagrant , unnecessary retconning , it was totally against the -LRB- alleged -RRB- premise and promise of ENTERPRISE
 I really wanted to like this series . The ship looked great , as did the uniforms , and the chance to see how the Federation was formed was too good to be true.Literally.Instead of getting the back story of Star Trek -LRB- does n't anyone understand what a prequel is for ? -RRB- , we get all new aliens never before seen or mentioned , despite the massive effect they have on Earth.Still , I tried to give this series a lit of slack , even defending it to a friend who gave up on it much sooner than I did . I explained away their naive and often idiotic decisions when encountering hostile aliens by the fact that they were more of the astronaught mentality , not military . That could only go so long.What totally turned me off , however , was the episode in which Flox -LRB- sp ? -RRB- discovered a cure for a dying alien race and decided NOT to treat them . Yep , that 's the doctor I want on my ship . `` Sorry Captain , but by contracting this disease , you are obviously SUPPOSED to die . Besides , if I cure you , Commander Tucker might not get to be promoted to Captain . ''
 I 'm not sure if the decision to make a Star Trek prequel was influenced in any way by the * Star Wars * prequels , but whatever the reasoning , it did n't pay off . The recent cancellation of Star Trek
 A trekkie 's log ... Stardate
 Archer is awful . He recently played the role of a coach for a sports team , and he is reprisiing that role . He is just a coach , spouting trite comments and his acting is juvenile.Otherwise , I am a big fan of the other Star Trek series , but this is a real disappointment .
 Summary : Awesome cast , great atmosphere , but the quality of the stories varies from the bestthat science fiction has to offer to the most boring imaginable.Main reviewThe concept of a series taking place shortly after the First Contact Movie is a brilliant idea . But it seems a long way from the idea to realisation . Already at the end of the pilot -LRB- Broken Bow -RRB- I missed the greatness this concept potentially has . You get thrown into `` business as usually '' -LRB- rescuing , exploring etc. -RRB- way too soon . I would have loved a pilot movie plus some more shows describing the time from first contact to the launch of Enterprise . That would have been something truly new . But this pilot is just an extended version of a 08/15-show . The cast delivers frequently - Scott Bakula is on hell of as sovereign captain , Jolene Blalock is sexy as she is intelligent and plays T'Pol with a huge amount of depth . I could continue endlessly with Phlox , Hoshi , Trip , Malcolm ... It 's an outstanding team with no need to fear comparison with a Picard , Spock , Scotty ... The set designers and the costume designers all did a great job -LRB- thanks for avoiding more romper suits -RRB- . But it is difficult when there are too many boring scripts.Especially in the first two seasons contain too many shows following the pattern : `` Landing on an alien world , been taken prisoner , making an escape . '' Even the visit to Risa follows this.Also there is `` being boarded , been held hostage , chasing away the enemy '' . Then there are some episodes like `` Shuttle pod one '' . The whole show consists of a rather dry talk between Malcolm and Trip . I ca n't imagine something more boring.And a lot of the shows contain just a recycled script from `` Next Generation '' , `` Deep Space 9 '' and `` Voyager '' , such as `` Terra Nova '' , `` Sleeping Dogs '' , `` Dawn '' ... But on the other hand you ca n't skip those episode - they sometimes contain important information on the characters . Therefore the waiting for the good and outstanding episodes is somewhat painful . These are the shows `` The Andorian Incident '' -LRB- I love the duplicity of the Andorians and there development into the 4th season -RRB- , `` Shockwave '' , `` First Flight '' and the continuing plot about the Xindi -LRB- finally a few more star battles than in TOS , TNG and DS9 -RRB- . Then when the series was already near its death the 4th season hit with power . The plot about the Augments could have been an Oscar-winning movie , and so would have been the story about the Vulcan 's not been that perfect after all . The Andorians continue to deliver and the racial conflict with `` Terra Prime '' is the kind of stuff I waited 4 seasons for.ConclusionSeeing the 4th season there is defiantly potential for three more seasons.But with the experiences of the first two seasons I ca n't blame the network for discontinuing the show.I bought the slime line boxes and paid for each 13 British Pounds -LRB- 18 US-Dollar -RRB- . If I had paid the regular price for the first editions -LRB- 80 Dollar -RRB- I would have been very upset .
 The latest incarnation of Star Trek devised by producers/writers Rick Berman and Brannon Braga , this show promises a lot , as did Voyager , but never delivers . These writers are so dedicated to a cynical view of what the audience wants and are so formulaic and uninventive in their approaches that this show is just as dumbed-down as Voyager , always heading toward unsuccessful action-oriented and suspenseful scenes to avoid significant character development ; and when character exploration is done , it 's so awfully clich&eacute;d that it stinks of superficiality and remains unmoving.Back in 1997 , Berman was quoted in TV Guide as admiring the awful `` Hercules '' series , which essentially took the `` Baywatch '' premise and added bad action sequences and worse drama . He said he wanted Star Trek to attract that audience . So , in that year , Voyager brought in the curvacious Jeri Ryan -LRB- who 's actually a good actor -RRB- in tight-fitting clothing -- so tight she fainted at times . This became Star Trek 's new mission
 As with Voyager before , Enterprise repeated the same errors . At its core , the show had promise . With very little of early Federation days nailed down , it seemed like a good idea to go back and tell the story . But instead of sticking with some of the canon that did exist , Brannon Braga and Rick Berman rebooted the entire Star Trek franchise , which angered about 10 million viewers . Season one continued the ever increasing schism between the fans . And while I liked Bakula on Quantum Leap , he - like Kate Mulgrew before him - was woefully miscast . The supporting cast , with the exception of Jolene Blalock , showed their limitations as actors -LRB- when they got lines -RRB- . The stories were mostly retreds of previous Trek episodes and while both Berman and Braga were aware of the issues of continuity , they felt that if the adhered to it too much , then the show could not work . They continued to believe that Trek viewers - at least the newer , younger ones -LRB- and , admittedly , the group advertisers like -RRB- - were only concerned about the how weird the story was and if it had half naked females parading around . This misstep by them , by fulling ignoring the fans who had watched TOS , TNG and DS9 , was increasing ENT 's end week by week . Paramount can be blamed also , for not stepping in sooner . Berman and Braga 's now almost incestuous relationship with Trek caused then not to see the forest for the tree 's . Had they realized that fan base was deeply divided , and had they analyzed who was not watching Trek anymore instead of small band who were , maybe something could 've been done . Then again , maybe its doom was already sealed by the time Insurrection came out in 1998 . And then there is the fan base . They too can be blamed for this , as this schism did not begin with ENT . It really started with VOY . As a network show , VOY had different standards to live up too than it 's syndicated brothers , TNG and DS9 . Racier plots and emphasis on action and violence became the criterion , while a device called the Temporal Reset Button was used week after week . And while TRB is a useful tool , but to rely on it for every episode got you caught in a never ending loop of Easter Peep type stories ; all full of air with no substance . Plus , people who were in there teens or early 20 's when TNG premiered were not 15 years older , wiser and now considered less desirable by the advertisers . ENT was , I guess , designed for the guys and girls who were the same age as the ones who saw the first season of TNG . But these new groups of kids , now brought up on a diet of science fiction being everywhere , felt Trek was a dinosaur . So all that remained , in the end , was a few really dedicated fans who felt that , yes the show was not as good as it could be , but it still needed to stay on because it was Star Trek . I will concur to a point , but that 's mostly because I hate reality shows and procedural dramas that have overtaken the air waves . Give me a good science fiction story that challenges the mind , then I 'll watch . I once read that science fiction is a dangerous genre , for it can be seem as anti-Christian and anti-establishment . It brings up thought provoking ideas and presents a possible world were there is no hatred , no poverty , and no religion . It 's the possibilities that scare people . But even as Star Trek has framed a lot of peoples lives , such as wonderful idea of a utopian world and taught us some good values , it has entertained us for nearly 40 years . Both VOY and ENT might be considered entertaining shows , but they are NOT the next step in Star Trek 's evolutionary life that TNG and DS9 were .
 Came back to this series after a while.The series is just like Star Wars I. Yeah , people kinda wanted to see what happened before . But just like Star Wars I , this series has no soul . It 's not any one particular thing , so-so acting , so-so dialogue , so-so plot . Ca n't really blame any one person . Just the entire thing together.The doctor is the only `` character '' in this show . Even his character is muted . The other characters are basically one big `` blah '' . Everyone is in a dull boring uniform which could have been changed dramatically considering the time difference . Heck , since this was n't really a military vessel , you did n't really need standardized uniforms . And if it was , no `` marines '' departed with the commander when he left the ship?In a `` prototype '' ship everything is clean and neat . The quarters have full amenities which seem like they were designed by 2 full time designers . Anyone know what happened when the first astronaut had to take a dump ? The writer did n't really need to make the changes I recommended , but they needed to do something to give the ship a soul.Many writers said that the TV series did n't make it past season 4 because people were tired of Star Trek . I believe the series did n't make it because it sucked .
 A pretentious piece of trash , the dialogue seems to be taken with trying to convince us how these characters are sophisticated New York intellectuals as they make references to behaving like white trash -LRB- heaven forbid -RRB- yet their favorite expletive is the f-bomb . Then they go on a vagina tirade and it seems they play a game of how many times they can get the word into a 2 minute scene like naughty little school boys who just learned what the word means . Who uses the word vagina anyway other than medical people ? Taking the Lord 's name in vain seems like an after thought as though the director realized they had n't offended enough people so he crammed it in several times nearer the end . It seems to me if being `` white trash '' was so abhorrent to them perhaps cleaning up their mouths might be a good place to start improving.The title even strikes me as pretentious drivel . Timothy Hutton seems to be stuck in the typewriter , scruffy beard , bathrobe , professor look these days . I think we 're supposed to care about these characters but I did n't like any of them -LRB- even the precocious kid -RRB- . Oh , and let 's not forget the token relationship enlightened Gabriel has with his gay friend . If I were gay I 'd be offended at this attempt to appeal to me . People used to make fun of white people who told black people that they had a black friend . This movie is telling us Gabriel is so with it he has a real gay friend ! ... . The movie is so ridiculous it 's embarrassing.I doubt the movie will receive the reviews the fake playwright did in this pseudo-intellectual dud . My advice to the producer `` bury it at sea some cold dark night '' and then hope we all forget .
 I agree with the two other negative reviews here and am surprised there are n't more dissenting opinions . This movie made me feel embarrassed for the people in it . The topic would seem to have a lot of potential but the folks who are featured are repulsive and there is not enough in-depth exploration of the art to make it interesting . The story rambled , and the Americans -LRB- yes , that includes Paul Pena -RRB- behaved so awkwardly it was painful to watch . There was just a low-level vulgar tone throughout the whole movie . In many scenes , Paul totes a beer and looks like an indigent . He comes across as pathetic , socially tone deaf , and totally unworthy of his own talent . Mario was a boor - always coming up with something obnoxious , loud , and totally irrelevant to say . -LRB- Why the hell he was invited on the trip is a mystery . -RRB- The filmakers did a poor job of setting up the story and getting me to care about it or anyone in it . Do n't bother with this one .
 I hate to be the only one to say it . but this movie sucked . It 's very strange to me how the premise being about a bluesmen going to Tuva to connect with throat singers was abouts something else entirerly which was not inspirational . This movie is really about the stupidest americans going to another culture and being disrespectful.The main character paul pena is the biggest complaining ass . He manages to stay pretty drunk throughout his whole time in Tuva , and in one instance hands an unsuspecting Tuvan a joint . Not that i wouldnt have enjoyed doing that as well . But its hard to take since Paul also complains of needing medication and being depressed . But paul isnt the only ass of this documentary . He also has help from his Friends of Tuva and the filmers . if there is any value in watchings this piece of @ # * # its in what not to do when you visit other countries . Seriously , one of his friends even got into a fight and almost died there . From that character 's earlier appearences in the film , i would have to say that he would have deserved it . The only thing going for this movie is photage of acual Tuvan 's singing . Im so sorry they had to meet this guy . If you do decide to get this do n't forget to watch the interview with the directors . Thats definately the best part . Ive met some pretty ridiculous film students before , but this two are like charactures of them . if you are interested in seeing other movies where americans act retarded in other countries i would recommend seeing The Journey Of Man .
 I must preface this review by stating I am no fan of the Palin family . My politics runs counter to their spoken ones.But my instincts tell me that some of their belief system may just be for show . So with this said -- I watched Life 's A Trippwhen it came on Lifetime with as open a mind as I could under the circumstances . I always want and try to be fair . Also I wasthe designated `` watcher '' for my group of friends . They wanted a FAIR assessment.Nightmare.The premise of this series is laughable . Single , struggling mom -LRB- who owns a couple of homes , has a ghostwritten book to her credit , numerous magazinespreads , and was a paid spokesperson for Candies -RRB- with a toddler moves to L.A. into a mansion to work for a non-profit . Then Bristol brings her underaged sister out to care for her child and whines constantly about how hard everything is for her.Why is n't Willow in school ? If it so hard for Bristol -- who is caring for her child when she and Willow are not there ? Or how hard canit be when she is out at clubs , shopping , sitting around in Cafes with old DWTS colleagues ? Bristol has no life like any single mother I know of.And why does she decry media attention when she 's the star of a reality show ?!!!!!! For a family who always made fun of `` Hollywood '' the Palins seem to want to be in the thick of it.The production continuity was horrific . Bristol 's weight and facial features changed without it ever being discussed.Of course it was all discussed in the media . To be fair though -- they filmed this all over a year or so -- and she did many thingsto her body in that year.And last but not least -- I would not let Bristol Palin care for a potted plant of mine . She has absolutely horrific parenting skills.Threatening her child with wolves before bedtime . Threatening punishments she has no intention of following through on . Laughingwhen her child uses foul language . Encouraging her child to call her boyfriend , Daddy . That Lifetime actually bought and filmedthis ode to bad parenting and the necessity for more birth control information in this country makes me never want to tune into them again.But what is most appalling is Bristol using her child at all to get a reality series in the first place ! Is n't this the woman who stated years ago that Tripp ` sbiological father just wanted to use the kid to get on television . Bristol Palin -- Pot -- please run down and meet your kettle.I was elected to watch this series so that my friends did not have to . It was probably the most painful , ludicrous show I 've ever hadthe displeasure to watch . I swear the writing was done by Sarah Palin as it seemed self serving and stilted . I wo n't mention Mrs. Palinshowing up on the show to boost the ratings . Did n't work.Really , Bristol should take her money , get an education and have a private life because she is untalented as far as this kind of thing goes . But there were two brightspots in this show -- Number one , Willow , because she 's got attitude and is funny -LRB- go to college Willow-forget about the hair school crap -RRB- and number two , the fact that there probably wo n't be a second season of this horrific hogwash .
 Ist film is a sub Live-Feed/Hostel rip off on a budget of $ 10.002 nd film is a rip off of a segment of Dawn of the Dead but on a budget of 5.00 $ . Third film is about a necrophiliac who is having an affair with a mannequin.Terribly handled.Budget $ 5.00 This is not a good compendium despite what all the people tell you on here .
 Boy . There are very few times when I leave a theatre dissatisfied , but Reindeer Games was definitely one of them . With three castmembers I typically enjoy -LRB- Affleck , Theron and Sinise -RRB- , I do n't know how this film could have disappointed more . The convoluted plotline only gets worse as the film goes home ... and only God knows what Bruckheimer was thinking when he shot that ending . Best watch this film in the company of friends a la Mystery Science Theatre 3000 .
 That 's what we were asking while watching this mess of a movie . It seems that this movie wastes more time in stupid dialog than in the action piece . Now I know most action movies have stupid dialog , but they make up for it in excitement , Reindeer games had no excitement at all . Save yourself a couple of hours and skip this movie .
 I enjoyed the ending . I just wanted to write this because I believe the explosion of the car going over the cliff is the worst example of special fx modelling I have seen since the early days of this . Check out the flames - It will make you laugh . Plot is a little too much for us to believe . The Charitable ending was neat . It just needed a better movie behind it .
 Ben Affleck is trying to destroy humanity . After he made a movie this lousy it must be official . If the commercials did n't tell you enough of the story of `` Reindeer Games '' , then the first 10 minutes of the movie will give you more information to know the plot -LRB- plot ? What plot ? -RRB- of the whole insidious film . Basically , its just another for `` hot young stars '' Ben and Charlize Theron . Why ca n't hot young stars make good movies ? Anyway , a case of mistaken identity -LRB- not really the word for it , but who cares -RRB- lands Ben in the arms of Charlize . Charlize is some kind of red neck prison wife in training , by writing some guy named Nick love letters in prison . Nick , Ben 's best friend , is actually killed in prison and Ben takes over the role of his friend when it comes to meeting the girl . I know . This is stuff that sounds like it came from a chimp , but one who is only moderately intelligent . The best part is , that 's not even where the movie gets really God-awful . Then , a brother of Charlize -LRB- as you might have noted , I do n't name them by the characters because you should not get attached at all -RRB- barrages in and expects Nick -LRB- remember him -RRB- to get him into some casino to pull some scam to break into it . Sound confusing ? Not really , because it is the same story to all of these action movies . While I like a few of these movies , the only way these movies are made good are by the plot twists -LRB- all predictable here -RRB- , chemistry -LRB- ha , please ! -RRB- , special effects -LRB- I fell asleep so I do n't know -RRB- and/or likeability of the characters -LRB- please again -RRB- . I think I have already put way too much time talking about a movie that really should n't have been made for any reason . I have a theory that studios might make bad films like this for tax right offs or something to that effect . They ca n't possible believe that people will really view this as some kind of great artistic masterpiece . Hell , it is not even a good dumb action film . It 's basically clich&eacute; after clich&eacute; , from predictable surprises to the worst one liners ever put onto motion picture . Ben Affleck has this running joke rant for `` Some hot chocolate . And how about that pecan pie '' that makes an intellectual individual question the meaning of life when people like this exist on the planet . Maybe this film is suppose to have some humor in it , but it really fails to be funny or charming at all . With `` Mr. Ripley '' ... maybe there was something I did n't see that made is a hit with people , but in this case , I know I 'm right . Must be something about Ben Affleck and Matt Damon I just do n't get -LRB- I will give them credit for any appearance they have done in Kevin Smith movies though -RRB- . Unless you 're an absolute glutton for punishment or have an IQ of less than 6o , avoid this film and feel better about the world .
 The problem with this movie is that its creators decided that , rather than play it straight , they were going to make it hip , like the loathsome Pulp Fiction , or the puerile Fargo . The result is that every single thing in it -- the plot , the characters , the scene , everything -- either rings false or is completely out of touch with reality as we know it . Indeed , it is an insulting movie in that it treats its viewers as if they were morons , or ignorant children.Let 's start with the prison scene . I do n't believe anyone among us is under the impression that prison food is particularly wonderful , but a cockroach in each and every serving of jello ? I do n't think so . And , after the riot begins , the doors to the cafeteria open , and voila ! We see probably fifty officers , dressed in riot gear with shields and helmets and sticks , ready to come in , thirty seconds after all of this starts . C'mon ! Have they been waiting out there ? For a riot to start?We come to learn that the Ben Affleck character has been in there for five years . A full grown man , five years in a maximum security prison . You would think that this might have an effect on him . Some effect . Any . But what does he tell his friend he wants to do when he gets out ? He wants a cup of hot chocolate . Yes , a wittle cup of hot chocwate . Ohhh , the poor little cute Ben ! Maybe he wants his teddy bear too!So he gets out , and he sees the girl that his friend , now dead , was supposed to meet . What does he do ? What would you do ? Well , the obvious thing , the normal thing , like introducing yourself and giving her the bad news , does n't occur to him . So he pretends to be the guy.Of course , the girl falls for it , despite the fact that Affleck is just this side of illiterate , and they immediately fall in love with each other . We are meant to know this , you know , because Hollywood 's idea of showing people in love is that as soon as they get any kind of privacy whatsoever -- like in an elevator , or the back seat of a car , or in this case a hotel room -- they attack each other and rip each other 's clothes off and roll around the floor like a couple of demented wrestling midgets.But oooooooh , the girl has a brother , who thinking Ben is the dead guy , wants to use him in a scheme to rob a casino . See , the dead guy purportedly had a knowledge of the layout of the place . Well , we know Ben is not the dead guy , and Ben tells them he 's not the dead guy about twenty times , but when they threaten to kill him he changes his mind and tells them that he is the dead guy after all . Somehow , all the bad guys believe him , even though every single sentient human being in the theatre can see through this clumsy lie a mile away . In the end it turns out their clever plan -- which is to go into the place guns blazing -- does n't require any knowledge of the layout at all , but I guess we 're not supposed to notice this.This movie allegedly takes place in Michigan . Hollywood 's idea of Michigan -- as well as Minnesota and North Dakota judging from other recent films -- is that it is a desolate , snowy wasteland , about three degrees south of the Arctic circle , and populated by beer-drinking , gun-toting , truck-driving ignorant yokels , who carry NRA cards and find enjoyment in ice-fishing . It makes you wonder whether these Hollywood meatheads have even ever been to Michigan . I know this is hard to believe , but Michigan has universities , and cities , and streets , and cars , and phones and even liberals ! God , get a clue!The acting was n't so bad , given the ludicrous script that these people were given to work with , but special note must be paid to Ben Affleck , whose acting was beyond awful . He is threatened with death about five times , he has guns held , nay , jammed into various parts of his body , he is shot at , beaten , trapped in a frozen lake under the ice , and finally , in an incredible scene , he learns that not only does n't his girlfriend love him , she is cheating on him with the gang leader , and they are plotting to murder him ! What is his reaction to all of this ? Each and every time ? He stares dolefully into space , with a hurt deer look in his eyes . Aww , poor , poor Ben ! Those mean nasty people!His emotional range is non-existent , and his intellectual range apparently has n't reached the level beyond teenager . I am not kidding . There should be a law against this guy playing any role in which the character is over 14 . He may be the worst actor in Hollywood . No , I take that back . There are dozens who are just as bad , but believe me , he is crawling around the bottom of the barrel with the worst of them.And the denouement ? Well , it almost seems redundant to discuss . It should be no surprise that every single clich&eacute; of the last ten years is here
 ... who actually reads this script and decides to make this movie . Someone out there has a job , getting paid lots of money , for giving this script and these actor 's the green light.Reindeer Games is a joke . The `` bad guys '' have the chance to kill Ben Affleck at least four times , yet they still let him hang around . Ben Affleck has the opportunity of a lifetime to escape , yet he breaks into his own hotel room and plays cards before his captor 's realize he 's gone.A review would help by giving you plot lines . Just scroll up and read the published review . Then , scroll back down to this message and read the subtle reasons the movie is so bad.Ben Affleck and Charlize Theron ca n't act , either of them . Anna Nicole Smith has shown better potential than these two idiots . The performances just add to the misery as you pull individual hair out of your scalp and underarms one by one with each passing minute.As for this surprise ending , what a joke ! I 'll save you an hour and a half . Ben gets the money and gives it to the locals in the neighboring community via their mailboxes . This , much like the rest of the film , does n't work either because any mail carrier in the country would pocket a bundle of $ 10,000 as he 's delivering credit card bills and bank statements.Save $ 20 and save your sanity . Do n't buy this movie .
 Sorry Ben and you hotty Ms. Theron - but this movie sucks ... bad.Don ' t buy it , do n't rent it , do n't lose a couple hours of your life that you will NEVER get back , ever ever ever.I have seen some bad movie 's in my time -LRB- Howard the Duck , Prospero 's Book -RRB- , but this is just about the worst . I ca n't blame the actors , I think it was the script and/or directing . I have seem them both in other things and really liked them , so I ca n't see how they could have all of a sudden become as bad of actors as Kathy Ireland -LRB- pretty , but should keep her mouth shut -RRB- , I just do n't see it.Just my humble opinion
 Reindeer Games is an action movie , of this there can be no doubt.It makes no bones about its intent , showing the audience gored and flaming men in Santa suits in the first thirty seconds of film . Obviously , with landmarks like these , its going to be a rocky trip , and , judging by the gaping hole in the jolly belly of one unfortunate Kringle , it 's a journey with a not-so-happy ending.Ben Affleck is the Rudolph in our little story , guiding the plot . The metaphor is hard to miss , as his character , a car thief just getting out on parole , is called `` Rudy . '' Rudy 's cell-mate , Nick -LRB- alaus , perhaps ? -RRB- , has had a five month `` relationship '' via the post office with a lovely girl named Ashley -LRB- played with flat-faced pluck by Charlize Theron -RRB- . Once he gets out of the slammer , Nick will finally get to meet the girl in the pictures , and Ashley will finally get to see what Nick looks like.But , alas , Nick is stabbed with a shiv before he leaves , and its up to the lonely and -LRB- I 'm guessing here -RRB- sexually frustrated Rudy to approach her under the guise of his late cellmate . Ashley and Rudy hit it off and consummate their relationship . Of course , things go downhill from there.Since the late Nick once worked in a casino , he is wanted by several thugs to lead a heist on his former place of employment . Heading off our gang of rowdy ragamuffins is Gary Sinise as the extremely unattractive head bad guy , Gabriel . Sinise plays his part with sneering extravagance ; his performance is one-note , and although it 's a decent note , it drags the speed of the movie down . With a body twice as big as his head -LRB- obviously he bulked up for the role -RRB- Sinise never really achieves a believably threatening level of villainry . Because his menace is only partially convincing , the movie only partially works . What is lacking is the following : Our protagonist , Rudy , mentions a number of times that he is not Nick . He 'll say he 's not Nick , his life will be threatened , and then he 'll say he is Nick . This sequence happens about four to five to seventeen times in the movie . Gabriel is either an idiot , or he 's an idiot . Although screenwriter Kruger has given us an element of suspense by adding confusion as to how much Rudy does and does n't know about Nick and his past , he also succeeds in aggravating the plot with the continuous frictional contrivance that is Rudy 's inability to make up his mind about his identity . Because Rudy changes courses so often , Gabriel 's own threats against his life are called into question , and since Rudy ca n't die -LRB- at least not until the end , if at all -RRB- , Gabriel must pretend to believe Rudy 's pleas that he IS Nick , and the audience must shift about in their seats some more.There is no skimming here of the good ole ' elements of all traditional action movies
 One thing is to suspend belief , another is to suspend one 's intelligence , which is what this movie requires . This movie is so bad , it is actually funny , at times . Replete with a bad script and bad acting , it revolves around a convoluted plot that has so many twists and turns , as to simply not be believable . The casting is bad , as well . Ben Affleck as a hardened convict ? Come on ... give me a break ! He is simply not a good enough actor to play against type , charming though he be.Rudy Duncan -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- , a professional car thief who has just spent six years in the can , is looking forward to being released and returning to his family for Xmas . His cell mate of six years , Nick , is likewise looking forward to his own simultaneous release , so that he can join his beautiful girl friend and pen pal , Ashley -LRB- Charlize Theron -RRB- , about whom he has talked to Rudy incessantly for years and to whom he has read all her letters . Unfortunately , two days before Nick 's and Rudy 's release , Nick is stabbed , ostensibly to death.When Rudy leaves prison , he sees the beautiful Ashley waiting for Nick . Having heard all about her for years and feeling like he knows her , Rudy assumes Nick 's identity , and hooks up with her . Unbeknownst to Rudy , Ashley has an evil brother -LRB- Gary Sinise -RRB- . When Rudy meets him , somewhat unceromoniously , he forces Rudy to become part of a casino robbery , because he believe Rudy to be Nick and is counting on Nick 's prior knowledge of the casino to help them plot the robbery . When Rudy confesses to not being Nick , Sinise does not believe him , and Rudy is forced to use his wits to stay alive.The twists and turns continue . If you think the brother is evil , the viewer finds out that he has nothing on his sister , Ashley . Unfortunately , it gets so unbelievable , as to be ludicrous , and the movie spirals out of control . Like I said , it 's so bad , it 's funny . Rent it , Do n't buy it .
 this movies was such a dissapointment to me that it mad me sick . It is so confusing and pointless that I couldnt help but to laf at how stuped and pointless it was .
 This movie , the acting and the plotline were terrible . Ben Affleck ca n't act - he is the same in every movie . I want to spare anyone else who was thinking of viewing this movie the complete awfulness of it . What a waste of time and money .
 I skip any film featuring Ben Affleck because , after watching some of them , I think he 's a really bad actor . I forgot my own rules and watched this one here . What a garbage .
 First i am going to start out by saying that John Frankinheimer is a great director and great at creating plot twists a la The Manchurian Candidate and Last years Ronin . Now with the movie Ben Affleck stars in the title role as a con who is soon to get out of prison in a couple of days and on the outside is lovely Charlize theron waiting for him after Rudy 's -LRB- Affleck -RRB- cell mate wrote letters to her from prison when he was killed Rudy goes as his dead cell mate . But on the out side he gets invloved is Ashley 's -LRB- Theron -RRB- brothers casino heist plan . Gabriel played by Gary Sinise who is cooking this plan for this floundering michigan casino . So Rudy gets invloved.Coming from Screenwriter Ethren Kruger and John Frakinheimer you would expect something more thrilling . But this movie was sh shallow mainly because of the weak script and thin plotting and wasting good talent . The more you watch of this movie you begin to scoff in disbelief and the twists are so predictibable . Another problem is with the casting of Ben Affleck who is generally a good actor but as an action he has to mature because he has a goofy charm to him that is not ment for action roles . To sum it all up Reindeer Games is a BIG LUMP OF COAL
 This movie should be in the comedy section , because I found myself laughing at it more than being thrilled at it . The characters are just plain stupid , mostly Gary Sinese -LRB- whenever I see him with long hair I always think of him without legs ... not a very threatening villian I must say -RRB- . The plot twists are obvious , and stupid . Bad acting , bad script , BAD MOVIE !!!
 One thing is to suspend belief , another is to suspend one 's intelligence , which is what this movie requires . This movie is so bad , it is actually funny , at times . Replete with a bad script and bad acting , it revolves around a convoluted plot that has so many twists and turns , as to simply not be believable . The casting is bad , as well . Ben Affleck as a hardened convict ? Come on ... give me a break ! He is simply not a good enough actor to play against type , charming though he be.Rudy Duncan -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- , a professional car thief who has just spent six years in the can , is looking forward to being released and returning to his family for Xmas . His cell mate of six years , Nick , is likewise looking forward to his own simultaneous release , so that he can join his beautiful girl friend and pen pal , Ashley -LRB- Charlize Theron -RRB- , about whom he has talked to Rudy incessantly for years and to whom he has read all her letters . Unfortunately , two days before Nick 's and Rudy 's release , Nick is stabbed , ostensibly to death.When Rudy leaves prison , he sees the beautiful Ashley waiting for Nick . Having heard all about her for years and feeling like he knows her , Rudy assumes Nick 's identity , and hooks up with her . Unbeknownst to Rudy , Ashley has an evil brother -LRB- Gary Sinise -RRB- . When Rudy meets him , somewhat unceromoniously , he forces Rudy to become part of a casino robbery , because he believe Rudy to be Nick and is counting on Nick 's prior knowledge of the casino to help them plot the robbery . When Rudy confesses to not being Nick , Sinise does not believe him , and Rudy is forced to use his wits to stay alive.The twists and turns continue . If you think the brother is evil , the viewer finds out that he has nothing on his sister , Ashley . Unfortunately , it gets so unbelievable , as to be ludicrous , and the movie spirals out of control . Like I said , it 's so bad , it 's funny . Rent it , Do n't buy it .
 For every film I enjoy with Ben Affleck -LRB- Chasing Amy , Dogma -RRB- , he seems to come out with two that stink ! -LRB- Armagedon , Reindeer Games , Pearl Harbor , etc -RRB- . He 's over-rated , and can only play about one character ... my guess is he 's not acting , that 's just who he is , and every now and then a script fits his personality very well . This script is so bad that it does n't matter who is in it ... the movie just stinks .
 This movie seems to have an identity crisis . One minute it 's a blood-and-guts , shoot-em-up violent movie and the next minute it tries to be funny and tongue-in-cheek . Ben Affleck is hard to believe as a newly-released convict who assumes his dead cellmate 's identity and the lady penpal who is waiting for his release . He wants only to go home , drink hot chocolate , and watch football games with his father , but alas , he becomes involved with some bad guys who think he really is the man he is impersonating . There is lots of shooting , beatings , and violence , but through it all , Ben maintains his sense of humor . The only thing that saves this movie -LRB- the actors are hindered by a bad script -RRB- are the twists and turns of the plot at the end which keep it from being a 1-star attraction .
 Reindeer Games just did n't fly well with me . There are about a zillion reasons , but I 'll condense.First , the acting . The acting is what makes or breaks a movie . And the performances in this movie shattered it . OK , so Ben Affleck makes one good movie , and I 'm using good loosely here . Does that mean he should be offered starring roles ? No . Does it mean we can forgive him for making such garbage ? No ! Likewise , Gary Sinise was n't all that great as the villain . He just was n't believable . And that kind of ties into what I 'll talk about next.The plot and script . Typically , a movie these days is going to have a few plot holes in it . But , to have hole after hole after hole just is n't going to cut it . And some of the things that happened just were not believable . Tires do not squeal on snow . Semis do n't growl like Lions . When you fall into a hole , the first place you 're going to try to climb back out of is the hole that you fell into ! These types of things overshadowed any attempt the movie made at making a smart , creative plot.Reindeer Games was an action/romance/suspense / prison flick that had all the elements , but just did n't bring home the bacon . 2 Stars
 This movie was just terrible . The acting is the worst that I have seen out of all of the actors . It 's not because they are bad actors , it is because they were given such terrible dialogue to work with . Ben Affleck 's character did n't know whether to be tough or scared . It was just so up and down , that it seemed like he was playing two characters . A wimp and a tough guy . It did n't make sense . The only reason that I gave the movie 2 instead of one stars is because it had a little surprise at the end that I did n't expect . Other than that , it was a complete waste of time . I would n't even advise renting it , let alone buying it .
 This film has great cinematography . We see images of the last few days before Christmas spent in a prison , a couple of cheap motels , and a small casino . There are a lot of good snow-covered winter landscapes and an interesting bit involving ice fishing.But , simply put , this film is a joke ! And it 's supposed to be dead serious . It makes no sense . The plot is as shaky as the San Andreas fault.The actors appear to follow directions and follow a script . But directions and script lead them along a loopy road indeed . It occurred to me that one way to get the most out of this film is to just turn off the sound and make up your own story.Plus , it mocks the Christmas spirit . Imagine , Santa uses very bad words and fires automatic weapons at innocent people ! A running joke is one character 's repeated reference to Santa 's `` dwarves . '' Another character repeatedly corrects him and says it 's Santa 's `` elves . '' At least , we learn something .
 You have to sit through at least an hour of this movie before it starts to get your attention . The casino robbery scene is quite exciting and the DVD provides good 5.1 surround activities . And the surprise ending saves this movie from being below average action movie . The story is about a convict -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- who just released from prison and was mistaken as ex security guard from a small casino and forced to rob the casino . Sounds good , well let me tell me it is very boring until the last 30 minutes or so . If you are looking for a good action DVD , this is not it .
 This is one of the worst films of its time . I can not believe Ben Affleck , Gary Sinise , and Charlize Theron have this stinker on their resumes ... . it must be an embarrassment for all three of them . The plot is completely implausible from the word go , Affleck 's character has about a billion things he could do to escape that we 're supposed to believe just never cross his mind , the plot twists are NOT clever -LRB- just stupid -RRB- , there are gun mistakes in the film -LRB- guy firing with Uzi , the scene cuts away from him for a second , then cuts back to him and now he has a Mac-10 , crap like that -RRB- , and if you actually make it all the way to the end of the film -LRB- I wish to God I had n't -RRB- , the ending is so stupid you 're like `` I can not believe I suffered through this entire piece of crap for THAT . '' Skip it ... . trust me .
 This film , while not really awful , is quite bad . The plot is forced , the dialogue is just bad , and it contains a performance by Gary Sinise that one is tempted to call `` hammy . '' The only actors to retain their dignity are the ones with little screen time , namely Donal Logue -LRB- Pug -RRB- and James Frain -LRB- Nick -RRB- . At least Affleck 's accent is consistent.I thought this would be a good Friday-night-with-chinese-food flick , but it 's not even fun . The fault lies in the script , because all problems can be directly attributed to the writing , including the twist at the end.The actors give it their best , and Frankenheimer does what he can to keep the pace up , but there 's really nothing that can be done to salvage this patently unnecessary waste of time.Just skip it .
 A guy in prison decides he wants to rob the casino he once worked in . Since this is likely to be dangerous he dupes his cellmate into comitting the crime . But poor Ben -LRB- who , in some scenes can hardly keep from laughing -RRB- does n't know anything about the casino . Oops.Now I understand this is not a documentary but this is so utterly unbelieveable that it spoils everything . The problem is , there is n't any reason for the bad guys to keep Ben around -- except that he 's the star.Big comedy potential , especially with the Santa suits .
 I bought this DVD and I have to tell you that this has been one of the worst movies I have watched this year!The storyline is not so bad but it 's things like the cheesy lines and may I say HORRIBLE acting that make this such a dumb movie!I gave it 2 stars and not 1 because of the plot twists and Charlize ... other than that ... my advice is rent ... and on a rainy day !
 One thing is to suspend belief , another is to suspend one 's intelligence , which is what this movie requires . This movie is so bad , it is actually funny , at times . Replete with a bad script and bad acting , it revolves around a convoluted plot that has so many twists and turns , as to simply not be believable . The casting is bad , as well . Ben Affleck as a hardened convict ? Come on ... give me a break ! He is simply not a good enough actor to play against type , charming though he be.Rudy Duncan -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- , a professional car thief who has just spent six years in the can , is looking forward to being released and returning to his family for Xmas . His cell mate of six years , Nick , is likewise looking forward to his own simultaneous release , so that he can join his beautiful girl friend and pen pal , Ashley -LRB- Charlize Theron -RRB- , about whom he has talked to Rudy incessantly for years and to whom he has read all her letters . Unfortunately , two days before Nick 's and Rudy 's release , Nick is stabbed , ostensibly to death.When Rudy leaves prison , he sees the beautiful Ashley waiting for Nick . Having heard all about her for years and feeling like he knows her , Rudy assumes Nick 's identity , and hooks up with her . Unbeknownst to Rudy , Ashley has an evil brother -LRB- Gary Sinise -RRB- . When Rudy meets him , somewhat unceromoniously , he forces Rudy to become part of a casino robbery , because he believe Rudy to be Nick and is counting on Nick 's prior knowledge of the casino to help them plot the robbery . When Rudy confesses to not being Nick , Sinise does not believe him , and Rudy is forced to use his wits to stay alive.However , the twists and turns continue . If you think the brother is evil , the viewer finds out that he has nothing on his sister , Ashley . Unfortunately , it gets so unbelievable , as to be ludicrous , and the movie spirals out of control . Like I said , it 's so bad , it 's funny . Rent it , Do n't buy it .
 John Frankenheimer just passed away recently . It 's a shame that his last movie is a not so worthy one at all in Reindeer Games . It 's about crooks who use a recently former convict -LRB- Ben Afflick -RRB- who they think was a former employee at a casino they want to rob . They have a plan to rob the place dressed like a bunch of Santa Clauses on Christmas eve which is the only reason it 's even called Reindeer Games.Well anyway the films a mess . It 's the only film I can think of where the hostage in Afflick gets lose but only to find out a big twist in the plot and to rush back to tie himself back up . The late John Frankenheimer has made much much better movies , check out Black Sunday where a madman plans to blow up the Super Bowl with a Blimp . Another good one is his most recent film before this , Ronin with Robert DeNiro so check those out over this . Besides those he 's had a very fine director career and is the biggest lost to Director 's chair since Stanley Kubrick . R.I.P. John Frankenheimer !
 I was extremely disappointed with ` Reindeer Games ' . With its good cast , I was hoping that the film would be much better . The plot was weak and implausible , but what really made me hate this movie was the excess of violence , killing , and sex scenes . I 'm an avid fan of action/adventure/suspense movies , but this film is n't worthy of that categorization . This film used murder , violence , and nudity solely for shock value , NOT because the plot required it . I sincerely hope that the actors and director make better choices in their futures . The time I spent watching this film ... that 's an hour and a half that I 'll never get back .
 Why let logic get in the way of a movie 's ending ? Why do we need script writers at all ? Let 's just put some good looking people on the screen , add some scary character actors and then blow stuff up . This movie starts outs ok but it is always desperate to find ways to keep this group of backstabbers together . The logic gets thinner and thinner as the movie goes along . It does n't have a lot of logic to begin with but the ending is so laughably insane that you 'll find it hard to believe . Any other special guest villians hinding in the wings ? The movie is so intent on `` tricking '' you that it loses all believability . Just fast forward to Charlize 's topless scene and then cut your losses .
 I would write this film off as `` just me '' if my husband had n't also hated it . I get these action adventure films primarily for him . We both , however , loved director John Frankenheimer 's early classic thriller , `` The Manchurian Candidate , '' and have seen that film four or five times , equally enthralled each time . The script on this Frankenheimer film is bad and one starts off in the hole when saddled with that sad fact . Actors can raise bad material only so far . These actors do n't raise it at all , however . Gary Sinise is almost a caricature of a bad guy , he is so far over the top . Plus we are really beginning to wonder if Ben Affleck can act . This is our fourth movie with him in it and the only one we liked him in was `` Good Will Hunting , '' in which he had a relatively minor role . He is very attractive but seems to have an extremely limited acting range . Charlize Theron is a gorgeous model but not much of an actress . This is the third movie we 've seen her in and at all times we are conscious of the fact that she is `` really '' a model trying to act . The plot , such as it is , involves Affleck 's character getting out of prison to get together with his late cell mate 's penpal girlfriend , posing as the cell mate . He does n't count on the girl 's having an older criminal brother , who is out to use him in his latest criminal scheme . Neither of us could believe Affleck as an ex-convict or criminal whatsoever . He came across more like a Boy Scout . See this one at your own risk !
 I love ben affleck , and this happens to be his worst film ever ! Reindeer games finaly twists and turns until everyone gets killed , and you just ca n't figure out who the bad guy is ... it changes all the time , till their all dead . HORRIBLE ... to be honest though , and give the movie some credit , it was good until the ending , and was a very good idea .
 Is it just me or is it as if everybody in `` Reindeer Games '' appears with a look on their face that screams `` I 'm just here for the paycheck ! '' . This thriller by John Frakenheimer has an incoherent plot -LRB- like most action thrillers of late -RRB- and no energy whatsoever . The usually great Affleck , Theron , and Sinise all look so bored and depressed while onscreen . The stupid plot twists which make absolutely no sense could have been easily forgiven had the actors put a little energy and enthusiasm into their roles . Affleck was just plain cheesy . Theron was annoying as was Sinise . I 'm not even going to start on the supporting characters played by James Frain and Dennis Farina . I strongly suggest that if you 're in the mood for an action thriller that 's actually fun that you need to keep on moving . `` Reindeer Games '' is definitely not fun ...
 I was drawn in by the title and encouraged by the positive reviews . I gave it a chance with reasonably high expectations . Ibsen is a virtuoso among playwrights and A Doll 's House is his masterpiece . However , this film does not do justice to his genius . It is poorly written , acted , and directed . If you are not familiar with Ibsen 's works , this is a horrible introduction . The film enacts two differently caste versions of A Doll 's House , within the story of August Strindberg being trapped in the play that he despises.Both of the female leads seem as if they would be better suited to daytime television . Strindberg is portrayed as one-dimensionally evil and the representation of him in this film is often historically inaccurate -LRB- although his hair was really that crazy looking a hundred years before Wayne Static decided to copy his do -RRB- . The plot is simply too narrow to support a film . Perhaps it might have worked as a short film , if it had better casting.The moral and life changing messages other reviewers have raved about are better conveyed in unadulterated versions of A Dolls House . Read the play , A Doll 's House , it 's free on Kindle . If you are looking for film versions , I would suggestHenrik Ibsen Collection -LRB- Hedda Gabler / Ghosts / Little Eyolf / The Wild Duck / The Master Builder -RRB- , as it is my favorite collection of Ibsen plays . However there are numerous other versions and they are all out of this movie 's league . `` Never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and truth . '' - HENRIK IBSEN , An Enemy of the People
 Sorry no review cause I never got around to watching it . It might be a good film so dont take my star rating seriously .
 What a waste of money . Even my 11 year old hockey player hated it . The story line is really bad and the acting is worse . I thought it would be a fun , cleaned-up version of Slap Shot , since we wo n't let him watch that yet , but at least on par with Slap Shot . It should be called `` Slap Me Silly if I Buy This . ''
 They should of stuck with the Original 1 , This 1 was worse than the 2nd , Waste of time evev the Hanson Brothers could not make thios movie funny , Stinks !!
 Literally wish Icould have these 2 hours of my life back . It was awful . Just awful . The first one was amazing , second was pretty good the third is just the worst thing to ever be on my TV - save your money .
 lf you thought Slap Shot 2 was a slap in the face of this celluloid legend , then Slap Shot 3 will make you feel shame for more than 2 minutes.The Charlestown Chiefs now sponsor a kiddie league and our three favorite hockey goons are now the coaches of these pubescent Hanson Brother wannabees . The Hanson Bros. try their best to teach kids about hockey and about life . Their abilities are tested when one two of the kids on the team are caught putting on the foils ... on their things and have an impromptu sword fight in tale of curiosity.Well , the bad boy of the team , sort of like a little 0gie 0gglethorpe catches them and ridicules them . He is soon traded and blabs about what he saw to the rest of the league as kids would do , thus making the Lil ' Chiefs the laughing stock of the league.Well despite the humiliation , the Hansons try to comfort the kids that it 's ok to '' explore '' and that what they did was not wrong . But you know with kids , in one orafice and out the other.Normally this would divide the team , instead it brings them closer together . The Lil ' Chiefs start winning games and go through the playoffs until guess who they have to play in the finals ? You got it . Lil ' 0gie . They proceed to hit the Chiefs with elbows and insults . Finally in sudden death overtime , our two little musketeers set up the winning goal , thus good triumphing over evil.This film is nothing to shake a stick at ... or a '' sword '' for that matter .
 this does not work please help , reads on the computer not in the dvd player help !!! kids very unhappy please help
 Heidi is a wonderful story . Although I love Shirley Temple movies , I was disappointed that this movie did not follow the story line of the book but added unnecessary plot line . I would not let my younger grandchildren watch this adaptation of Heidi . The cover may be color but the movie is B & W
 `` Heidi '' is a charming film , and one of Shirley Temple 's best star vehicles . It was originally released in 1937 , near the end of Temple 's long reign as the Number One box office attraction in America . In addition to a captivating performance by Miss Temple in the title role , it features excellent supporting turns from Jean Hersholt as the Grandfather , and the wonderful character actress Mary Nash as Temple 's vitriolic adult nemesis -LRB- she also did a masterful job of menacing poor Shirley in the 1939 version of `` The Little Princess '' -RRB- . Give the movie **** 1/2 for its endearing sentimentality and lush production.But rate the DVD an utter BOMB , and a dud at that . Fox Home Video offers two versions of the film on this disc , neither one of which is an acceptable transfer of this fondly-remembered and eagerly-anticipated release . One is the wretched `` colorized '' version that was released during that dreadful time in film history when modern businessmen dared to tamper with the classic artistry of bona fide filmmakers from the Golden Era -LRB- an experiment which critics and consumers alike rejected ... how many black and white classics are being colorized today ? -RRB- . The other version offered on the DVD is a substandard transfer of a very poor black and white print that is an insult to consumers . It does n't do the original film justice , and more importantly , it 's NOT the best print currently available . I predict that in a couple of years , Fox will offer a `` newly restored '' edition , and make the public buy this title once again to get an improved copy that should be available NOW . -LRB- Can you say , `` Disney 's ` Little Mermaid ' '' ? -RRB- I recommend you wait , and hold on to your money . Do not encourage studios by purchasing whatever inferior product they toss into the marketplace . This DVD is an insult to both Miss Temple whose box office popularity saved 20th Century-Fox from ruin during the depths of the Depression , and to the public who wishes to enjoy her unique talents on DVD .
 As someone who loves the story Johanna Spyri created , this version of Heidi is the worst production of the story I have ever watched . Number one , it does not follow the wonderful written tale that Spyri penned . Two , the painted scenery is a real mockery of the beautiful Alps in Switzerland and three the acting is very affected , even by Miss Temple . If you want a true authentic version of this story , order the Disney DVD starring Jason Robards as the Grandfather , Patricia Neal as Peter 's Grandmother , Jane Seymour as Fraulein Rottenmeyer and of course Noley Thornton who gives an outstanding performance as Heidi .
 I 've always loved this movie and was thrilled to get it on DVD but the picture quality is horrendous . This is the worst DVD I 've ever seen from a major studio . The colorized version was done back in the 80 's before the process was refined and it looks awful . The black and white version is even worse . It looks like someone dragged the film down the street and then transfered it to DVD . Shame on Fox for leaving this version the only one available.Postscript-I picked up the remastered release in the pink package and it 's a fine transfer of the movie-about time Fox ! Hopefully the rest of the good Temple vehicles will be released in as good a shape as this one . Recommended .
 I rented this 88 min . long DVD . Very disappointed that it did not tell the same story I remember seeing as a child . It seems that Paramount has cut the original so that much of the character building scenes are no longer present . That is what really made the story of Heidi have an impact . If I had never seen it before I would be sorely disappointed in the story . As it is now , I am only disappointed in what has been done to the movie . If anyone knows of a full length version that is available , I am there ! Could it be the one referred to by your other reviewer -LRB- Jake Marsico -RRB- that Fox has done ?
 I was pretty disappointed when I saw this movie . I have read the book , seen quite a few Heidi movies , but this one is not close to the book . The first part is ok , but the second part is totally made up.Chasings , prison , Fr . Rottenmeier is very evil and -LRB- spoiler -RRB- tries to sell Heidi , etc.If you look for a Heidi movie that portaits the book , do n't get this one . If you want a movie about Shirley Temple , this one is fine then . Being from Germany , this one dissapointed me . My favorite Heidi movie is the 1956 w / Elsbeth Sigmund . It has a few changes from the book , but in generell is close to it and also gives you a feel of the time and place where Heidi would have lived .
 As one who finds Johanna Spyri 's `` Heidi '' to be one of the best children 's books , I find this transition to melodrama dreadful , and totally untrue to the book 's text . The independent Heidi , whose warmth and faith are such that she is fearless and completely kind , is reduced to a picture book moppet . Worse yet , characters such as Dete and Fraulein Rottenmeir , who , in the book , are respectively rather self-centred and puzzled at the lower class child , are depicted as totally wicked - ready to sell Heidi to the gypsies ! Clara , who in the original is disabled more because of her elders ' fear and over-protectiveness than because of her unnamed illness , now is the target of a wicked governess who has a financial interest in keeping her ill and weak.This dreadful film is suited only to those who are die hard fans of Shirley Temple .
 The best part of this film was the scene in which she gets knocked down by a goat ! LOL it was funny , that 's worth a star
 I did n't see anything totally special or touching about this movie . The Alps do n't even look that pretty . If you want to see the best Heidi I suggest watching the 1993 version of it .
 I 've waited so long for one of my all time favorite films to come out on DVD and was really disapointed . The colorized version is laughable and the Black and white version is grainy and in bad need of restoration . If it were n't for Shirley Temple there would be no Fox Studios , so come on guys before you release her other films , do it right !
 I had several problems with this movie when it was first released : By then , Fonda 's fitness guru image rendered her ludicrous for a frumpy role such as this one . I did n't buy it , and , apparently -LRB- judging by the b.o. -RRB- , no one else did , either . As she quickly learned , you ca n't have it both ways.At the time this movie was released , Barbara Bush had made literacy her pet First Lady cause , so the timing made the whole production feel like a trendy bumper sticker.Who can watch DeNiro refer to someone as `` Iris '' and not be distracted into thinking of `` Taxi Driver '' ? I ca n't remember much else ; I was probably asleep .
 I feel like I 'm in the story the Emperor 's New Clothes . Am I missing something here ? I saw this movie when it first came out and I thought it was the worst movie I 've ever seen . I love great movies and I even love horrible movies such as the film The Room . Robert Deniro is one of my all-time favorite actors but I have never been so bored in a movie theater as I was watching this film . The irony is that I love films about people 's struggles and I 'm usually the one who likes movies that the critics do n't like . That being said , I just do n't understand how anybody other than the man and the woman who this story was based on could have enjoyed this film .
 I was flipping through the channels at home and I came upon this movie . What interested me was that Robert DeNiro played a man that was unable to read and write . I am a special education teacher that teaches learning disabled students . I thought that the movie could teach them how important reading and writing was in every day life . I think that for this purpose the movie has served me well . The story , etc. was okay . 8th graders were interested enough to watch it through .
 Dull and dreay describes this film about an middle aged woman who ca n`t get over her Husbend ` s death finds companiship with a lonely bakery worker who hides a secret he ca n`t read , And as she teaches him how to read they both fall in love . De Niro tries to shake off his bad boy gangster image with poor results as for Jane Fonda she has done much better in the past . Weak story ca n`t be helped much by the weak performaces of the two leads . Which rather surprises me I thought Fonda & De Niro would have sizzeled on screen but as it turns out they did n`t have the spark .
 This is also not about the quality of the show but about the quality of the DVDThe special features -LRB- or most ? -RRB- on disc 6 -LRB- last disc -RRB- do not work . I play my dvd 's on my computer . When I take the last step selecting a certain special feature nothing happens and I have to stop and restart the disc to regain control again . I have tried most but not all the possible choices because I got fed up having to click through the FBI warnings and copyright messages everytime . The other disc 's seem to be working fine .
 I downloaded the player and this episode as part of a promotion that gave a free episode . Not only did I get charged , but when I cancelled the download to contact about the charge - I was told I had to finish downloading before they could refund . Once it finished downloading , it did n't play anyway . I gave up .
 very scary , how do people take this seriously , oh and she can not act ! and has the dumbest one liners in the world . call it what you want , add some gothic touches to it , but when you melt it down into what it really is , all I see is a night time soap opera . The guiding light!you could call it , as the world burns
 I was told this was the best season of buffy ever and i have to say i let the hype carry me a way . I was not inpressed with this season at all .
 Season 2 is awesome fun , Buffy rules , etc. , etc. but omigawd , the creator commentary is bad.I do not need Marti Noxon telling me OVER AND OVER that the show is filmed on sets ! David Greenwalt 's is even worse . He basically synopsizes `` Reptile Boy '' for you while you 're watching it . `` This is the scene where Cordelia asks Buffy to go to the frat party with her . '' `` This is the scene where people are treating Buffy like a kid and the episode is about how she does n't like that . '' It 's amazing what little insight some artists have about their work . I 'd say about 10 % of the commentary is relevant and worth listening to , and the rest is mind-numbing jabber and self-congratulation -LRB- `` The actors are so good ! '' , `` Cordelia is funny ! '' , `` Joss wrote that line ! '' , Very little is shared about where the ideas come from and how they 're shaped in the creative process , why certain directorial choices are made and not not others , etc. etc. . Some commentary from the actors would also be nice too , but seems rare on DVDs generally.The featurettes on the last disc are better , perhaps because the actors are more comfortable than the writers talking about their craft . James Marsters is particularly good , and it was a treat to see Julie Benz because she 's so wonderful and has relatively little exposure otherwise . The visual artists are likewise impressive . The mini-interviews with Joss before Becoming 's I and II are bad . `` Sarah 's really good with the sword ! '' Sarah 's good with * everything * and we 've all known it for years . I have no eye for discerning the nuances of picture quality ... it all looks fine to me , but if it was bad I would n't be the one to tell you .
 A couple of the disks I think were copies off somebody 's computer or something . You could only really tell in the more shadowed scenes , but they looked much akin to those deleted scenes on the special features where they did n't bother touching them up . Kinda disapointed and I may decide to buy a different copy somewhere in the close future . I was also expecting the slim case version.However they do n't skip or stall out my DVD player so if you can deal with the couple of lower quality scenes here and there it 's a fair to good product .
 This is a wonderful season of Buffy . And the DVD boxed set is an amaxing representaion of that . Superb packaging , great special effects , and cool menus . However , the DVD picture quality on most of the episodes is down right nasty . Some of them , like `` Inca Mummy Girl '' are so grainy and dark you have to laugh . Random `` night '' scenes are so dark that most of the features in Buffy 's face dissapear . I own some of these same episodes from the VHS release - and the picture quality is TONS better . I have no idea what happened in the transfer . Somebody please fix this for future releases . What 's the fun of Angelus when the scenes are so dark and grainy you ca n't even see the sheen from his leather pants !?
 While any long-time fan of the show remembers season 2 with great fondness -LRB- yes , season three was more consistent , but season 2 has the highest concentration of `` amazing ! '' episodes , sufficient to make most of us forget the equally low points the season also contained -RRB- , I was highly disappointed by the DVD release . The extras are pretty blah -LRB- and the scripts unreadable -- could n't they have at least made the text sharper ? and not white ? -RRB- , but worse still , the picture quality is DREADFUL . It looks like a third-generation videotape that 's starting to deteriorate -- grainy , bits of snow , just awful . The few videos of this season that were released in the US look better than the DVDs do ; so do my poorly-converted copies of the UK release vids -LRB- which covered all the eps , not just the handful we got here -RRB- . Which rather defeats the purpose of buying a DVD copy , does it not?Overall , I 'd have to give this set 4 stars for content -LRB- because , really , who could NOT like this season ? You 've got Real!Spike , Interesting!Willow , and FacialExpressions!Angel , not to mention some of the eps themselves -- Lie to Me , The Dark Age , Innocence , Passion , and Becoming in particular -RRB- , but 1 star for quality .
 I 'll admit I 've only watched the first disc so far but was very dissapointed with the picture quality compared with the first season . It 's very dark and grainy like an old VHS tape .
 I love the show . I hate the video quality of this DVD . It looks like it was mastered with a VHS tape or maybe worse . Terrible video quality . Highly disappointing . At least I got it cheap .
 I like Buffy a lot , but this American DVD - Set has an incredibly bad picture - quality . the picture ist grainy , way to dark , the colors are awful and there are a lot of compression artifacts . Someone said this is the quality it was filmed in , but this is NOT TRUE . I bought the first season here in Germany and the quality is WAY BETTER , especially in dark scenes . I bought the second season in America because i wanted to have a complete set and these sets are much more expensive in Europe , but now i know that it was a very bad decision . The second season is one of the best , but you simply can not enjoy it with this set . Better go to amazon.de and get the European version .
 I 'm a huge Buffy fan and was very excited to get the series on box set DVD . At the very least , I was expecting what everyone expects when they buy something on DVD ... a great picture ! Much to my surprise , I was terribly disappointed by the visual quality on this set.The picture is grainy , flat , and has no depth . The colors even seem off compared to the TV broadcast . It looks like about as good as a S-VHS copy when I used to tape the shows . It 's a little better than VHS , but falls far short of the broadcast quality.To make matters even worse , I 'm noticing a lot of blurring effects whenever there 's any fast motion on the screen . You might see a similar effect on poorly captured video clips on your computer , but I 've never seen this before on any DVD I 've ever watched and it 's terribly annoying.After checking the newsgroups , the poor quality issue was a very common topic among other fans , too . It was pointed out that Seasons 1 and 2 were shot on 16mm rather than 35mm like the rest of the seasons , but to have a DVD look pitiful next to even the broadcast version is inexcusable . A little time in the lab with some color correction and proper video compression could have made all the difference in the world , but it looks like the execs were n't concerned with picture quality . It looks like they transferred this from an old VHS tape . Fox and Whedon really dropped the ball on this one . A total disappointment .
 I like the show , so I bought this set.Quite frankly , these are the worst quality DVDs I 've ever seen . The brightness level is WAY too low , so the discs are so dark you can not see whats going on . Also , it would have been nice if they did n't have a second of blackness where the comercials were , have n't they heard of editing ? On at least one part , the actor 's lips were out of sync with the sound.I was NOT impressed .
 I doubt I am the biggest Buffy fan out there , but I am enough of one to shell out a lot of money for a Boxset and in return expect decent picture quality and packaging that wo n't damage when I drop it on the floor . I have had a heck of a time with two of my Buffy Box sets , mostly the packaging , but I was disgusted to discover the horrible picture quality in episodes like `` Some Assembly required '' . I personally think that Fox should have their head 's examined , thinking they could release Buffy fans this kind of DVD . I was so upset the quality of this DVD that I wrote Fox a big letter complaining about it . If you feel like Buffy fans deserve some respect or your just annoyed by the film transfer , then send a letter Fox 's way . I have to imagine that the entire budget for this DVD was spent on the the overly elaborate 3d menu 's .
 In the first season I thought it was cute how Buffy acted when she wanted to do normal teenage things . Alright , roll in the second season and now Buffy is acting like a whiny brat . With the exception of Innocense there is n't any expisode that goes by when I want to slap her silly . The season gets worse when it was decided that Angel will have a bigger role . Not only is David Boreanaz -LRB- in the first 3 seasons -RRB- a bad actor but he and Sarah Michelle Gellar have absoulutly no chemistry . It 's boring watching a couple who can not light up the screen . The whole Angel story arc was disturbing and ridiculous . The curse did n't make any sense and if Angel was so bent on redemption then why was he cradle robbing a whiny little girl ? One of the season 's worst episodes Surprise had Buffy foolishly jumping into bed with Angel becasue she still was so naive to mistake first love with true love . The only good thing about this season was the introduction to T.V. 's most complex charcter Spike . Spike and Dru has to be one of the most fascinating vampiric couples .
 As some people already said , looks like this second season DVD might have some production problems . I opened the box and played the disc 1 , it 's of course a brand new but often the picture were macroblocked at the specific position , some are even went nearly a black out . And the audio was chopped badly so that I could n't even follow the story . This happened all over the disc but especially in the episode 2 . There is no visible scratch on the disc but I see very huge smear -LRB- I do n't know if this is the right word for it -RRB- . I have just seen only one disc but I already decided to claim for the exchange . I hope it will be better because I love this show so much !!
 I , like other Buffy fans , bought this DVD expecting to watch again the great shows we know and love . This can be done , however the picture quality is so bad , old VHS copies off television are far superior . The video quality of the first season was great why is n't the second season ? FOX probably figured we 'd all buy it for the content forgetting the quality . `` Make money off the hardcore fan . '' For the amount of money this set costs it should be so much better . The discs should be recalled and redone.I want to know how to register a complaint with FOX . So will you if you purchase this set .
 The seller did not advertise that this item could only be viewed in Europe . Consequently , my husband had to figure out how to get some software so we could view it on the computer . This is not convienent for our family . I would never order from this seller again because I could not trust what they advertise . The product itself is fine-once we were actually able to view it . It is also a long and involved process to try and get a new one-and I do n't want to let this one go before they send me a new one . Once again , it is the issue of trust . They want me to send them this one before they send out a replacement . I believe this is their error and I do n't believe they would actually send me a replacement . Do n't ever buy anything from them !!
 My girlfriend and I are both huge fans of the series and we were looking forward to catching season two , as we had missed most of these episodes the first time around on TV.The episodes themselves have been great so far ... season two looks like one of the best for storylines . But what is with the horrible digital transfer ?? The night scenes are so grainy they look like a low quality VHS tape . The brightness levels are all over the place . Without a doubt , this is the worst quality DVD transfer I 've ever seen.While I credit Fox for trying to keep the price down on the DVD set so younger fans can afford it -LRB- The X-Files sets are still ludicrously expensive -RRB- , I honestly have to say if the quality is going to be this bad , I 'd rather lay out more money for a better picture . Buffy 's fans deserve better than this .
 Hey , this is a great show , and I rushed out to get Season Two as soon as it was available , but I was dismayed to see that the picture quality on these DVDs is REALLY bad . What 's going on ? In some scenes , the graininess and murkiness is so prevalent that it is actually hard to see what 's going on . What good is it if the menus are sharp and dynamic when the shows themselves look like you 're watching them on an old TV set that 's trying to pull in a decent signal via a bent coat hanger on top of it ? Hey , I 'm a big `` Buffy '' fan and I hate to complain like this about a product many fans are looking forward to purchasing , but somebody needs to get its act together here . This is n't brain surgery -- just give us a decent picture !
 The picture quality is horrible , those fans who say otherwise are in denial.The majority of the episodes are really grainy , to the point where you lose facial definition and other such details in the shadows . Parts of the first 2 episodes `` When She Was Bad '' and `` Some Assembly Aquired '' have an interlace problem , this was present on the Region 4 Australian release and obviously not fixed . Check out the locker search scene in `` Some Assembly Aquired '' and you 'll see what I mean.The set also seems to be suffering from major authoring problems . I 've seen countless complaints about discs skipping or not even playing . I 'm on my second set and I am still experienceing the same problems that were present on my first set . The 3rd episode on the 3rd disc likes to skip around during the first 2-3 minutes before the shows opening . The authoring problems were present in the Region 4 and 2 releases and again , not fixed.Lastly , there is an instance of at least one cut scene on the set . Fox decided to cut the `` love '' scene between Angel and Buffy on the episode `` Surprise '' . They just fade to white then got to the shot of Angel running onto the street . However , in the interview with the series creator , they show the scene . It makes me wonder what other scenes were cut or altered for this release . The love scene was tame enough to be shown on the WB network during it 's orginal broadcast , but not tame enough for the DVD release?I gave this set a 1 star rating , because the DVD 's are horrible . Fox could have easily improved the picture quality by only putting 3 episodes per disc instead of 4 . The authoring problems need to be addressed , there is a standard that DVD manufacturers and players are supposed to follow in order to insure compatiblity between the players and the discs .
 As a long-time Buffy fan , I was extremely disappointed in the poor quality of the transfer to DVD . The types of video defects seem to vary by scene -- bit noise is evident in the darker scenes , which makes the picture look simultaneously solarized and grainy . Brighter scenes sometimes appear washed-out . Come on , Joss et al , is this the best you could do for your fans ???
 The picture quality is awful . Marti Noxon 's commentary onlyemphasizes that she does n't actually watch the show . The menuis annoying after the fifth time you have to sit through it.The show is great , but so little effort and quality controlwent into the season 2 DVD of Buffy that is pretty obvious thatnobody at Mutant Enemy or Fox Home Entertainment actuallybothered to watch it .
 The average review , allegedly of this product , is five stars , but since the reviews came out before the product , these morons have obviously rated the SHOW , not the DVD they 're supposed to be reviewing . Yes , `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' is one of the greatest shows of all time , but this package is a disgrace . Of the dozens of DVDs and videos I have , the DVD package of `` Buffy '' 's 2nd season has by FAR the worst picture quality . Since one of the biggest advantages to DVD technology is improved visual quality , you 'd think Mutant Enemy and 20th Century Fox would at least take the time to clean up the image and give us a decent product . But the picture is so bad -LRB- especially on Disc 1 -RRB- that it is sometimes difficult to follow the action ...
 I am very disapointed in this product . I was told i was ordering the slim set and got 3 very used and old 3 case set of the second season . I do not like that i was given an inferior product .
 All of the other sets fall into the 4 to 5 stars category . An excellent show , very high in entertainment value . However the extreme poor quality of several of these discs force a reduction in overall rating . These imperfections caused too many distractions from the overall enjoyment of the episodes affected and as a purchaser I do feel taken advantage of here . It is a shame , as otherwise this could have been the best season/set of all .
 Seasons 1-3 of Buffy are undeniably the best - the comedy , the romance , the drama ! Unfortunately , the DVDs are some of the worst TV to DVD I 've ever seen . The quality of the video is terrible - often grainy , and in standard 4:3 aspect . The whole series should be remastered and released at least in widescreen.Of course you do n't need a super awesome tv to appreciate the show , the DVDs are definitely watchable , but disappointing .
 Sorry to say I was not that impressed by this video . The video is supposed to be about Great Lake Shipwreaks , but only discussed two wrecks that somehow involved the same cook on both . About 35 minutes were on one wreck , and the remaining 10 minutes was on the other wreck . Seems to me the title of this should have been more specific and indicated something like the cook of two Great Lakes Shipwrecks . Was the video interesting ? Well to some degree . I was expecting an abbreviated history of the shipwrecks from the Griffin to the Fitzgerald , or something like that . I 'm glad Amazon provides the option to watch the video online , because I would not spend the money on buying this video for my home collection .
 `` Lepke '' is perhaps one of the worst big budget gangster films of all time . . Not because the acting is so bad -LRB- it is n't -RRB- but because it is 95 % fiction from start to finish . . Louis Buchalter , along with Jacob Schapiro -LRB- Lepke & Gurrah as they were known -RRB- were two new york jewish thugs and labor racketeers of the 1930s most often remembered for thier association with `` murder inc. `` a cabal of murderers often used by the syndicate and exposed by Burton Turkas and Thomas Dewey ... Neither man was particularly likeable , both were nasty and brutal , and Lepke is , to date , the only major criminal boss to actually be executed by the state for his crimes . . `` Lepke '' the film more or less white-washes the truth , painting Buchalter and Shapiro as sympathetic,short-changing thier association with `` murder inc. '' and thier main gunsel , Abe `` kid twist `` Reles , opting for invented episodes rather than true ones , and overall taking a comic-book approach to the whole plot . . The single redeeming aspect of `` Lepke `` is the end scene where Buchalter , played by smaltz actor Tony Curtis is executed in the electric chair . . This alone is the one powerful and authentic scene , and as played by Curtis almost overcomes all that came before ... almost , but not quite ... As pure `` guilty pleasure `` entertainment `` Lepke '' is n't bad , but as true crime it stinks ...
 Agreed ! This movie is awful . Tony Curtis is awful -LRB- even though he 's become famous as an actor and has even been nominated for an academy award -LRB- for another movie -RRB- , he really is n't much more than a high school play grade actor -RRB- along with 99 % of the other performers in this dog . The made up story/facts ... also awful . If you do watch it , you wo n't be able to believe how cornball the gun battles are , especially the one in the amusement park . As a work of art , this is 180 degrees from `` The Godfather '' , which as we all know was excellent -LRB- and it also made up stories and facts ... but did so exceptionally well -RRB- . I would predict that virtually anyone that watches this will feel they 've wasted their time and come away quite disappointed.I 'm the type that believes film critics are way too negative most of the time , but this movie deserves a thumbs-down for certain .
 Sending this back for a a replacement and paying the postage when I 've been stuffed around once does n't seem worth it , and all other Region 1 DVDs I 've bought have worked fine in my DVD player . Not happy .
 I downloaded this to learn the double veil . There was only 1 move involving two veils -LRB- the tent/envelope -RRB- Also that one move is very remedial and easy to figure out on your own . For starters this video was in Italian with English voice overs -LRB- which was not distracting and fine -RRB- The first ~ 30-40 min was introduction and warm-up . Then she goes over basic belly dancing moves . She repeats and does practices -LRB- very repetitive -RRB- and gives little detail to what she is doing . Then finally she shows us the veil after a full hour has passed !!! She shows VERY basic single veil moves along with the double veil tent move . Very annoying music , uninspiring choreography , super basic and would turn even beginners off . Im afraid to say this is a waste of money . For those who want to learn basic single veil dance , I highly suggest Veil with Aziza Belly Dance AND Bellydance with Veil -LRB- with Sarah Skinner -RRB- As for learning double veil , im still stumped , Double and Single Veil Technique with Joynan is currently out of stock and Petite Jamilla
 DOING THIS REVIEW IS MORE INTERESTING AND A BETTER WASTE OF TIME , I 'VE SEEN SOME CRAP FILMS BUT MANAGED TO WATCH THEM TO THE END , THIS ONE I DID N'T GIVE A CHANCE IT WAS AWFUL 20 MINS WAS ALL I SAW , WATCH AT YOUR OWN PERIL IF YOU WAN NA LOSE THE WILL TO LIVE OR DIE OF BOREDOM , OR BEAT YOURSELF UP ABOUT WASTING MONEY , OR ALL 3
 I finally got a chance to watch the DVD `` 2:22 '' and was very disappointed , first in the extreme violence I was so disgusted when the jerk hit the dog . I hate violence and even more when it is violence against a animal . Then I was shocked that Val Kilmer was on the screen for only a small part of the DVD . I am a Big Fan of Val Kilmer and bought this DVD without knowing to much about it because it seemed Val was starring in it . They should have listed Val as a cameo . I will not recommend this movie to anyone .
 I thought the plot could have alot more meat to it - this movie caught my attention because of the title - 2:22 - and i bought soley on that premise - however after viewinging it , i did not find it that interesting at all .
 This is an obvious attempt by another filmmaker to copy the success of the Roger Corman/American International/Edgar Allan Poe tales starring Vincent Price . They even went so far as to cast Price in the lead role . The anthology of three tales based on the works of Nathaniel Hawthorne is worth viewing , but you have to be a determined collector of gothic horror flicks to take an interest in this one . The movie suffers in comparison with the Poe product . Instead of Corman 's creepy camp worthy of multiple viewing , we have straight-faced tales of the supernatural . The first story , `` Dr. Heidigger 's Experiment '' fares the best . Price and Sebastian Cabot discover the secret of rejuvenation and resurrect Cabot 's love of 38 years ago . Instead of a dusty skeleton in a grungy gown , we now have a dishy blonde in a plunging negligee . Combined with the color photography and period detail , the mood here begins to resemble the heaving bosoms of Hammer . `` Rappacini 's Daughter '' plods along , slow paced and poisonous , with its tragic romance . `` The House of Seven Gables '' tries to capture the mood of the classic novel , but it only achieves modest results before it collapses on itself . The supernatural overtone of the stories is subdued . Vincent Price grimaces and tries to look tragically sorrowful . The no frills Midnite Movies edition of the DVD includes the original trailer , but no bonus extras . Proceed at your own risk . ; - -RRB-
 Twice Told Tales was released in 1963 during an era in which the Anthology was quite popular and would remain that way until about the early 70s when they were being produced few and far between . Twice Told Tales stars horror legend Vincent Price and all 3 stories are written by Robert E. Kent based off the works of Nathaniel Hawthorne and all 3 segments are directed by Sidney Salkow who also worked with Price on The Last Man on Earth.The biggest complaint when it comes to Anthology 's is a lot of the times people feel the stories needed to be longer , but in the case of Twice Told Tales I felt the opposite , with 3 stories in 120-minutes they seemed to drag on a bit longer than they needed to be . Despite my rating I did enjoy Twice Told Tales , but I do feel as if the running time on each story could have been cut down a bit and while it would n't make this a classic of the genre it would make it more enjoyable.The first story was Heidegger 's Experiment and in my opinion was the best of the three . This story is about a potion that can restore youth and not only preserve a body in perfect condition , but can also bring them back to life . This one is mostly filled with talk , but it 's quite interesting and the potion leads to secrets , betrayal and murder . I quite enjoyed this story a lot , but in all honestly it could have been cut down by a few minutes to help the pacing . But when all is said and done this was highly enjoyable.The 2nd story was Rappaccini 's Daughter ; Price plays Rappaccini and he infects his daughter with a poison , so she can never leave the garden and anything she touches dies . A young Brett Halsey also stars . Like the first story , this one tends to drag in some areas and while editing would have helped the pacing unlike the first story it would n't help that much . Rappaccini 's Daughter is a good story , but also kind of boring at times . This one has Romeo and Juliet type ending and again is good , but slightly boring and a little on the slow side at times.The last story is The House of Seven Gables and was probably the most interesting of the three , but does n't quite work ; it 's slightly slow paced and at times just not that interesting where as other times it is very interesting . This one though is growing on me after another viewing or so , I would possibly rate this higher.Overall Twice Told Tales is a fun Anthology , but has some pacing problems I would recommend this to those who like Anthology 's and or Vincent Price . It 's a decent watch , but does n't hold up as well on repeated viewings in my opinion . The biggest problem really is the pacing . Like I said most complaints with Anthology 's is the stories need more time where as in this one , they might have been better off with a lesser running time ; Still worth checking out at least once .
 I am not able to review this item because I downloaded it and when I went to watch it I received the message that the content could not be found .
 Dont bother paying for this as it simply is nothing like the first one . Bad acting , a couple decent fights , bad plot , not even a attractive blond romantic interest or beleiveable villan .
 A viewer from N.Y. - For all the fine family people in the world , this is one of the greatest movie , that will hold your interest and will make you want to see it over and over again . Please , can some one release this movie quickly . Tknx
 Well , I know a lot of people like this film , but I have to tell it like it is ! ... it 's not a very good remake at all ! Schroder may be adorable , but he is way out of his league going up against Jackie Cooper and although the rest of the cast are top notch , this film feels like a bad TV movie ! The first problem is Schroder is too young for the role to be taken for more than sympathy and it 's no more than a manipulative trick . I 'm not saying Schroder did n't do a fine job , but it 's easy to feel sorry for such a little tike crying over his fallen hero who is also his father ! If you like the story , watch the original , it 's infinitely better than this Hollywood mediocre melodrama .
 A fun drinking game with this movie is to take a shot everytime that little ragamuffin says the word `` Champ '' ! Seriously , every sentence uttered by Silver Spoons ends in the word `` Champ '' . It gets really tiresome . `` What 's - a-matta , Champ ? '' , `` He 's the Champ ! '' , `` Love you , Champ '' ! The movie is called `` Champ '' . It 's about a `` Champ '' . He 's the `` Champ '' ! Jeesh , we get it ! Stop hitting us over the head with the obvious every five seconds !
 I used to enjoy Jon Voight . Deliverance was perfect , and he was rockin ' it in Heat . Midnight Cowboy was lovely . I even dug the Champ . Now I learn that he 's a complete fool who hates Obama and thinks the country is headed to hell -LRB- or at least socialism -RRB- . No wonder Angelina wo n't speak to him anymore . Does n't it just suck when actors you admired do that ? Damn . Jon , you 're an idiot mate .
 Movie is excellent after I bought the DVD it would just play up to scene 14 and skip to the end . . they replaced it and it was the same thing . . I finally had to go rent the movie and watch it ... strong performance by both actors ... movie is a ***** -LRB- five star -RRB- but not on DVD
 this dvd was purchased end of december and only played the film half way through . It also has consistant freezing in the film . I would like my money back for this purchase . This was my first experience with amazon and would like some feedback and refund for this dvd.thanks , Ron B.
 Well , I do love the movie `` The Champ '' . Actually , we `` tried '' to watch it last night and it was completely fine until about the 8th scene , where it stopped and there was nothing on it afterward . We tried to put it into another DVD player on another tv and unfortunately , the same thing . I guess the DVD is defective . It was mailed in good time and everything in that regard was fine , it 's just that it did n't work after the 8th scene . We tried everything after that scene , yet nothing would show . Well , I hope I could get another copy . thanks .
 Do n't waste you money on this so called ufo documentary ... no detail ... terrible video quality ... basically a total rip off ... the only redeeming quality is that it can be used as a coaster to save wear and tear on your furniture .
 Hey , I have n't bought this thing , I was listening to the radio show coast to coast am and heard this guy on there so I decided to check out the dvd a caller brought up . I read the negative review and decided to check youtube ... . What the guy says is absolutley right , retarted music and still pictures is all you see in the horrible 7 minute clip I watched on youtube . You can see the pictures he shows on this dvd for free on his website . The fact that this guy is charging 35.00 is criminal !! Do n't buy this , it 's a waste of money , there 's nothing in the video where this guy who used to work at national geographic got anyone to independenlty varify his pictures were real or anything , it 's just his pictures and then a written comment about how the lights are defiying newtons laws of motion or something , but there 's no actual scientist who confirms that ! This guy used to work on air force one and nat geo and he ca n't take his work to anyone he knows to legitamize his stuff ????? Please ! Do n't buy this !!!!
 This video is the biggest of all rip offs . It 's about four minutes of very annoying music set to photos showing nothing at all . The camera zooms continually in and out on the nothing photos till you want to scream . This piece of trash should be removed by Amazon immediately .
 Bill Rebane 's campy creature feature THE CAPTURE OF BIGFOOT comes late in the cycle of Bigfoot films that proliferated in the 70 's . Like SNOWBEAST from 1977 , Rebane 's film takes place in a snowy mountain town where a giant monster is roaming the forest killing anyone who crosses it . A rich business man hires the local hunters to trap the beast so that he can put it on display , but their attempts only lead to more bloodshed ! Despite its penniless production , the film manages to pull together a decent cast , many of whom had worked with Rebane previously on THE ALPHA INCIDENT . While the acting holds up well enough , the same ca n't be said for the pace . CAPTURE trudges along endlessly as the hunters search the barren woods for the creature , who only appears for a few brief scenes . The costume is a bit silly , but the ridiculous sounds it makes and the way it shambles through the forest reduce any potential threat that it may represent . This entry is no worse than many of the other shlocky films of its kind , and is only elevated by the performances of Richard Kennedy , Stafford Morgan , and Buck Flowers in the leads.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 I bought the first Class of nuke em high , by itself . It was one of the funniest movies Troma has made . It 's so blatantly from the 80 's it makes it great , some decent Troma gore thrown in , and hilarious characters . It is a movie that for the most part you can follow and is well put together . That said , I bought the trilogy as a way to get the other 2 together , thinking they would be at least as good . Wrong . I watched the second one and instantly you can tell the difference , if you own the first one and are contemplating getting this because you liked the first , do n't bother . They are 2 entirely different types of movies , seriously . The second movie has a bunch of quirky music , stupid slapstick-style humor -LRB- people getting hit and a sound effect going `` bonk '' etc. -RRB- Barely any gore worth mentioning or being funny for that matter . The plot is impossible to follow as things keep switching pace and the story is really pathetic to begin with . The acting is terrible and I do n't mean that in a good way , I was falling asleep watching it . The third movie however ... is just the same . I watched 20 minutes into it and then after seeing it was almost the same movie -LRB- same basic plot except a little further ahead in time -RRB- I fastforwarded through the rest of the movie looking for anything decent -LRB- something may be there that I missed -RRB- but overall I could find nothing worthy of noting . So , buy the first one -LRB- it 's so 80 's that , that fact alone makes the movie -RRB- , the rest I could n't be paid to watch again .
 Class of Nuke 'Em High part 1 is OK -LRB- it IS a classic in gore movies -RRB- . Part 2 and part 3 shouldnt even EXIST!It ai n't like the serie Evil Dead . . the first one is the only one you need to buy . . the 2 others ai n't worth the money spent to create those crappy movies.On the + side
 This video was great back in the 80 's and its still not bad now but i urge anyone who has seen the 1st one not to buy the others because they are utter rubbish and who ever made them should be killed .
 So , I decided to UnBox this movie.I had seen it advertised on Amazon before , but chose not to rent it until just recently.I 'm surprised that I 'm the first to review it.The only reason to spend money on this movie is if you enjoy punishing yourself .
 The sound quality of this video is horrible . One minute you ca n't hear it at all , then the next it blasts you out of your chair . Awful !!!!
 My eyes are bleeding !! AAAARGGGHHHHHHHH !!! Oh god make it stop ! Make it stoooooop !! Barney needs to be drug out into the street and shot , along with the people who made it !
 I am sure this is a good show for my toddlers to watch but it made me want to remove my eyeballs with a dull spoon and eat them . How was this ever popular ? There are plenty of other good programs that you children and adults can both enjoy.If you want your kids to learn to say please and thank you
 As an avid fan of the original Upstairs Downstairs series , I was interested to see how this new miniseries would continue the story . As most of the main characters of the original series are either dead or are now too old to continue in their roles , this would have been quite a challenge . The only member of the original cast was Jean Marsh who played Rose Buck . Eileen Atkins , a co-creator of the original series with Marsh , has a major part in the series as the Dowager Countess . There is no other continuation of the original story other than the musical score and some schmaltzy mementos such as Hudson 's key tag that cause Rose to smile wistfully in fond remembrance . The characters are rather one dimensional and not particularly convincing . The script lacked finesse and subtlety . The set design was lavish but this did not make up for the banality of the script which seemed to be based on Barbara Cartland style pot boilers . Some of the story lines could have been very interesting such as the flirtation by the English upper classes with fascism but these were never fully developed . It is watchable but only just . The reference to Upstairs Downstairs is rather misleading as it bears little relation to the original series .
 Hi I had great hopes for this production after watching the beautiful production of Downton Abbey on PBS earlier this seson , and watching again and remembering the first great Upstairs Downstairs . Iwas intrigued to see if this production could measure up to the other productionWhat a dissapiointment It was awful !!! Even the great Jan Marsh could n't save this turkey It stinks The best charaters were the Halham 's Mom and her distinguished Indian secetary , the cook , and the maid IvyThe plot was terrible The bit with Agnes 's younger sister Persie 's involvment with the chauffer and the Politiccal Cause was a blatent rip-off of a similiar story-line in Downton AbbyThe characters of Agnes Persie Hallam , the Butler and eve Jean Marshe 's Rose were weak I would save mu money and go to your local library and rent the video Rose
 this is what happens when an attempt is made to tamper with perfection . . agendas do not make for good entertainment ... One star for effort *
 It is to bad they can not leave a great thing alone . The story line is weak and the charters are flat . Rose still being a maid at +75 is a sad case . BBC should be ashamed . The 1970 's Upstairs Downstairs is great TV buy the DVD and let it rest in peace .
 Muddled plot , and a waste of some fine acting talent . Those who remember the original series will certainly be disappointed .
 Only worth watching if there is n't any thing on TV . Its best actors are the butler , the cook , Jean Marsh and Eileen Atkins . One can hardly tell the difference between the characters . No blonds , redheads , and all with very similar hairdos and faces . A waste of time and money .
 The Revived Upstairs , Downstairs : Entertainment as Ruling Class Propagandaby Sean GabbOn Boxing Night and the two next evenings , the BBC broadcast three episodes of a revived Upstairs , Downstairs . For those not aware of it , this was originally a costume drama made by London Weekend Television and shown between 1971 and 1975 . Set in a grand London house , it showed the linked but separate lives of both the family `` upstairs '' and of the servants `` downstairs '' through the Edwardian age , the Great War , and then through the 1920s . Though made on the cheap , it has been generally regarded , on account of its writing and acting , as either the best or one of the best things of its kind ever made . It has been rebroadcast many times . It inspired at least one other series , Thomas and Sarah . Because it ends in 1930 , and its world continued another nine years , room was left for a continuation , and many have always hoped that one would be made.The problem , though , with sequels to a classic is that they will be judged with unreasonable harshness . I admit that most sequels are worthless in themselves , and only come to notice because of what they follow . But many have real merits that are overlooked in recollections of the original . I mention Thomas and Sarah again . This was no worse than many other light costume dramas . I think it sank so utterly and without lament because it was too closely identified with a classic that it could never match . It is with this in mind that I have waited a week before reviewing the revived Upstairs , Downstairs . Different actors playing different characters , the different tone of the late 1930s , different production values from those of the original - these and much else must be taken into account . The revival must be judged both in terms of what it continues and in its own terms.I have done my best to be just . I have waited seven days . I have kept all the above in mind . I have made every possible allowance . But I am still forced to say that the revived Upstairs , Downstairs is very nearly as bad as it could possibly be . It is dull . It is badly written and over-acted . It is technically incompetent . Its whole purpose appears to have been to serve as legitimation propaganda for the present order of things.In making this last charge , I think it will help to distinguish propaganda from bias . All historical fiction - all art , indeed - is biased one way or another . Materials must be selected . They must be arranged . Selection and arrangement will reflect a particular vision of the past , which is connected with the values of the writer . The bias of the original Upstairs , Downstairs is broadly whiggish . The past is admitted to have been a jolly enough time upstairs , and life downstairs often had its advantages . The overall message , though , is that the disintegration of the old order that accelerated after 1914 is not to be regretted . But , if I do not share this optimistic view of our modern history , I can not denounce it as propaganda . It is a bias , but the resulting vision is honest enough to allow more than one perspective . Certainly , it has no visible bearing on how the characters are developed.The most central character in the series is Hudson , the butler . He ties together the two different worlds of the household . He is an extreme conservative - indeed , a convinced and eloquent reactionary - always ready to call on God Almighty in defence of the established order . But he is never shown as unpleasant or as more ludicrous than everyone occasionally is . He can always be relied on to do the right thing . Or there is Lady Marjorie . So far as she understands its promise , she hates the twentieth century , and makes her opinion plain in episode after episode . She too is never shown as other than decent ; and she is given a very noble death on The Titanic . In contrast , her daughter , Elizabeth , becomes a socialist and a suffragette , and she and her friends talk much about equality . This does not save her from becoming a sad and ultimately a pathetic character . We are invited to share the whiggish view of life in and around 165 Eaton Place . At no point are we presented with a choice between accepting that vision in full and switching channel.It is different with the revived Upstairs . Downstairs . This is nothing but propaganda . It lays down the view that the 1930s were an evil time , and that they were redeemed only by the `` Good War '' that followed them - the war that is the foundation myth for the politically correct managerial state of the present . No departure from this view is possible . No considerations of honesty or common sense are allowed to stand in its way . Characters are developed and judged according to how they might , after 1939 , have welcomed or deplored the emergence of the new order . Moral notions that emerged only recently , and that are maintained as the consensus largely by threats of punishment , are projected backwards . And this is a significant achievement . Contemporary drama - Eastenders for example , or The Bill and most other police serials - have long since been co-opted to the work of revolutionary change through cultural hegemony . Costume drama , though , has generally been left alone . It is not allowed to be openly conservative in spirit . But , so far as a different state of affairs from that of the present must be shown , it is often implicitly conservative . Taking control of a classic like Upstairs , Downstairs is far more important than - say - giving us another black woman police chief , or another exploration of paedophile cannibalism among the self-employed . By showing that what the ruling class would have us believe was accepted by men of good will in earlier ages , another escape has been closed off from the hegemonic discourse . To quote George Orwell , `` He who controls the present , controls the past . He who controls the past , controls the future . `` Look at the characters in this revival . We now have a Sikh servant in the house . Of course , if not very often , Indian servants had been coming here with their employers for about two centuries . And one of the characters has lived in India . But a Sikh menial who can type and play the piano , and who is fluent in German , and whose regard for his employer 's interests goes beyond mere obedience to her instructions ? Is this really an attempt to entertain and inform ? Or are the producers pushing against the outer limits of the cultural revolution?We also have a Jewish parlour maid . Again , I have no doubt that Jews have become servants in gentile households - even German Jewish refugees in the 1930s who had , back home , been university lecturers . And fully assimilated German Jews , married to Communists , might still have a total aversion to pork . This character is a little more likely than our turbaned Renaissance Man , but not much more so . Her only function is to remind us why all the nice characters are already set on war with Germany . She is there to make anti-Nazi speeches and scream abuse at the Mosleyite chauffer , and then to shamble with the Sikh round the edges of the Cable Street riot . Once she has done all this , she is surplus to requirements . There is no need to explore any depths to her character , or give her any further part in the action . After about twenty minutes in the second episode , she is allowed to fall down dead in an asthma attack.She leaves a secret daughter behind her . Though the girl has never been a member of the household , I have no doubt that Lady Marjorie would have had her brought in , so she could be jollied along with kind words and a pat on the head , and then sent off to be taught needlework and other duties befitting her mother 's last occupation . In this Upstairs , Downstairs , she is brought into the house to live above stairs , and much of the third episode is taken up with competing efforts to settle her future . Unlike her mother 's contribution to the plot , this does lead somewhere . It allows the gentleman of the house to learn that he has a mongol sister shut away in an asylum - and this lets the producers tick another politically correct box.A box yet to be ticked is the butler . He is almost certainly a homosexual . I did think for a while that he would try for a pass at the pretty footman . But , while some regard was apparent by the third episode , the full sharpness of Cupid 's arrow may have been reserved for a future episode . Instead , he delivers his employer 's baby in a lavatory while everyone else is listening to Edward VIII 's abdication speech . The cook does nothing very reprehensible in the episodes shown last week . But she is a chain smoker , and this surely means that she has to turn nasty in due course - perhaps she will inform on the butler when he tries to kiss the footman.Staying with the butler and his accomplishments , there is an oddity about his past . He says that he spent 27 years working for Cunard . He then says that he drove an ambulance on the Western Front . Leave aside what gynaecological skills he might have picked up in France - what was he doing there ? One of my grandfathers worked in the 1930s on the cross-Channel ferries . On the outbreak of war , he and all his fit colleagues transferred as a matter of course to the Royal Navy . I find it unlikely that any seaman would have served out the Great War on land . This may be an oddity that will drive a future episode . I suspect it is merely evidence of poor character mapping by the writers.None of the characters is either attractive or credible . Their motivations for what they do are at best too slightly given for us to care one way or the other . We can guess why the chauffer becomes a Mosleyite . We are not properly told why he stops being one . The young lady upstairs is given some motivation for joining him as a fascist . Her jump from here to running off to Berlin to worship Hitler is not explained . Why does Rose - the one surviving character from the original - stop running what looks like a profitable business to go back into service ? Does she sell the business ? Does she install a manager ? Is her salary as housekeeper suitable compensation ? We are never told.Nor , except for advance echoes of the Good War , is there any overall theme to draw all the minor plotlines together . There is a crude attempt at using the Abdication Crisis to do this . But it only involves the family upstairs . And it is very crude . One test of quality for historical fiction is knowing how much information to give out and how much to assume in the audience . The original Upstairs , Downstairs invariably got this balance right . Recall , for example , the approach of the Great War . Most people in the 1970s could be expected to know something of the July Crisis . Therefore , we are given a few passing references to the shootings in Sarajevo and the diplomatic chaos that followed . Otherwise , the various characters continue about their own business in a deepening gloom that they fail to understand . The most telling scene is a card game on an oppressively hot evening in July . No one mentions politics . Instead , we are given an image of a whole civilisation passing out its time between sentence and execution in a mood of grim triviality.In the revived Upstairs , Downstairs , the characters bob in about out with news like messengers in a Greek tragedy . Anyone who knows about the Abdication is told far too much . When I put everything I did know out of mind , though , I found that all the laboured asides and sobbing telephone conversations did not make a coherent narrative . Matters are hardly clarified by the claim that Mrs Simpson is cheating on Edward with the German Ambassador . If this had allowed us to see more of Herr von Ribbentrop , it might have been an improvement , as he is portrayed as a fine pantomime villain . Sadly , the claim is made only as a crude attempt to centralise every plot round the approaching Redemption by Blood . Needless to say , the Abdication , when it finally does come , falls flat . Because they need to vary the scene with a sudden childbirth - which also lacks human interest - the producers are probably aware of their failure.In the original Upstairs , Downstairs , the servants ' hall is made into a close community . This allows much light relief , and throws much additional light on the individual characters and how they relate to one another . It also enables moments of great drama . I think , for example , of the episode after Lady Marjorie has died on The Titanic . The household is still in shock . Suddenly one evening , Roberts , who had been presumed lost with her mistress , finds her way back to the house and is taken into the servants ' hall . What follows is something that can be watched over and again without losing its impact . It takes first class writing and first class ensemble acting for those tears and pauses , and the words and images natural to someone of limited understanding , to create a more thrilling account of the sinking than any of the film versions.In the revived Upstairs , Downstairs , the servants are shown a few times listening together to the wireless . There are a few rows . Beyond this , there are probably more revealing exchanges between shift workers in a branch of McDonald 's . There is no creation of background for future drama . There is no commentary on or counterpoint to whatever is happening upstairs.Indeed , several of the characters could be lifted out of the action for much of the time without any loss to the plot . The most obvious case of this redundancy is the housekeeper Rose , played once again by Jean Marsh . After the first twenty minutes are out of the way , she could be removed from every scene in which she appears without loss . Her only function , it is apparent , is to keep telling the viewers
 If you are looking for a Downton Abbey fix ... this is n't it . It 's choppy and does n't flow organically . Watch only if you have absolutely nothing else to view .
 When the original `` Upstairs , Downstairs '' series was in development in the 1970s , script editor Alfred Shaughnessy provided guidelines for the writers . This one was pivotal
 If you enjoyed the original series , this one will be a major disappointment . While the initial episode tries to cull forth the emotions and remembrances of times past , with the hiring of the former maid , your dissatisfaction with the series will be as culpable as hers was with the new household . The focus is n't on staff/employer relations as much as it is about the plight of the Jews and the rise of fascism . Did we really need Upstairs , Downstairs to feature such a well-worn subject ? What a wasted opportunity . Also , the series is mortally tainted with political correctness , like everything on PBS nowadays . Historical accuracy is sacrificed once again to serve a social agenda .
 Although I really , REALLY wanted to like this , it was just too fast and exaggerated to find even remotely believable.There are three episodes . The first episode was quite nice . I was very touched to once again have Jean Marsh -LRB- Rose -RRB- with me . I replayed her return to 165 Eaton Place several times just to watch her smile . But the reverence she engenders comes not from the current story but rather from my memory of her from decades ago . I also found the butler very endearing - a worthy replacement to Mr. Hudson . But most of the others were just cartoons unsuccessfully designed to elicit emotional responses from the viewers . It does n't work . The mute child who kept rolling symbolic marbles was a cardboard contrivance . Agnes 's annoying younger sister was way over the top . Agnes herself was too overbearing and her mother-in-law was way too quick-witted and clever to be believable . The all-wise Indian man with his monkey was just another glittery ornament to hang on the tree . Speaking of tree , in the last scene it suddenly becomes winter so everybody can inexplicably come together around the Christmas tree for a happy ending . Bizarre .
 fairly poor interpretation of the libreto , disappointing decor , seen much better british series , i will not recommend this production to anybody
 Anyone who has n't seen the original is n't qualified to comment except , perhaps , as a mini-series . Nor is anyone who has n't seen the sequel but only anticipating the quality of the original . `` There are things you just ca n't do in life . You ca n't beat the phone company , you ca n't make a waiter see you until he 's ready to see you , and you ca n't go home again . '' Bill Bryson quotes -LRB- American Writer , b. 1946 -RRB- Until you 've `` lived '' with the Bellamys and their staff for many seasons , you will have no idea .
 This has all the pomp and flash of modern shows but none of the substance of the classics . Shallow , silly , tacky and unrealistic , it 's now just one more trite , predictable `` bad nazi '' themed dramas .
 After hearing my coworkers rave about this show , and knowing how much I love BBC stuff I blindly bought this , even without reading one review . Lesson learned ! 25 bucks for 3 episodes , really?I 'm so irritated I spent the money on this crap . If the show would have been good , I might have been able to let this go , but the show sucks . Maybe I have to high of expectations after Downton Abbey , I do n't know , but this is a huge disappointment .
 Perhaps the original series is a tough act to follow as this was a total waste of time . Perhaps the fact that it aired on PBS right on the heels of the awesome `` Downton Abbey '' made this production an even bigger letdown . Hard to say but I had higher expectations for this and you too will be disappointed . Not much of a sequel really even though one or two of the characters in the original appear here . The two series are really not connected in my book . The story just seems all over the place and felt like it needed a few more episodes to bring the story lines all together . When I actually was done forcing myself to watch the final episode I just became more anxious for Season 2 of `` Downton Abby . '' Sadly , I think PBS blew it by not rerunning the original to refresh folks ' memories beforehand . Showing a sequel to a show that aired 40 years earlier without any real refresher or info for those that never got to see the original series was a big mistake . Unless you recently rented the original , this `` sequel '' wo n't make much sense .
 The original Upstairs Downstairs was filled with characters you could care about , and it had all kinds of true-to-life stories that involved the characters . The character development and acting was superb.However , the new version is a huge disappointment . The characters are shallow and do n't make me care about them at all . Even Rose , the excellent parlor-maid in the original series , is a disappointment . Her acting is stiff and her character is just plain uninteresting . The same with the other actors . . stiff and boring.After the second episode , I have no desire to see the rest !
 Right after I spent most of a week watching all the DVD 's of the original `` Upstairs Downstairs '' I proceeded to watch this new -LRB- continuing ? -RRB- version . I 'm very happy that I had the chance to immediately compare the two.I 'm sorry I spent the money and wasted my time on this set . The original Up/Down was terrific . This one is a DUD . The characters are n't well developed nor are they nearly as endearing as the original cast . The Downstairs servants -LRB- with the exception of Rose -RRB- for the most part are immoral and vulgar and very easy to dislike -LRB- exception are Rachel and the man from India -RRB- . My recommendation is not to purchase this one .
 My quest is all about steam trains , although Diesel 's are more efficient , they pail by comparison to the old `` Steam Trains . '' Years ago Mr. Dizzy Dean would while announcing baseball games , would sing about the `` Wabash Cannonball , '' so I thought this was all about `` Steam Trains . '' So I took a chance on it !
 Even by Troma standards , this is pretty low . Not because of the filth , sex , perversion and general goofiness -- I like that stuff . But the execution here is rather slipshod . Really seems like stuff that they would otherwise have thrown out , put on display to make money . At least the title is accurate . But there 's too much Lloyd Kaufmann . He has a few good lines , but he 's not as funny as he thinks he is . Debbie Rochon is wasted in a small but potentially funny -LRB- and completely clothed role -RRB- . Julie Strain is best in pieces where she is overbearing , which is most of the time . But when she 's not on screen , the movie slows to a crawl . For me , there was just too much tedium and not enough laughs .
 I 've watched a ton of stuff from Troma and this is by far the worst film they have ever produced . This is even worse than the stuff they put out on those Triple B-Header collections . I 'm all for stupidity , nudity and cheapness in films , but this movie is pretty much an insult to anyone with even 1 functional brain cell.This film looks like it was made for 5 bucks . The acting is horrible , which isnt really anything new for Troma so I can let that slide . However , the annoying Boner-Vision pops up way too often and the jokes are so lame even a 5 year old wouldnt find them amusing . Ha ha , farting noises every time someone bends over and gay voices for guys with big muscles . You can tell that zero effort and thought went into this . Do yourself a favor and dont waste time watching this crap . You 're better off watching Sgt. Kabukiman NYPD or even Demented Death Farm Massacre over this .
 Crap is right , This truly awful Troma film is a waste of time and it even is n't a Troma film . Two tales feature a woman battling a alien and a party gone bad . Even the special effects are cheap and instead we get bad acting and sloppy stroylines and not to mention crappy editing . Please do yourself a favor and watch the Toxic Avenger or Citizen Toxie and forget this crappy movie . This movie deserves to be flushed down the toilet . This movie is only one thing : crap .
 cannibal the musical-greattoxic avenger-greattromeo and juliet-goodterror firmer-alrighteverything else troma has ever released-worthlesskaufman is a man who knows that if there 's a overweight , borderline retarded redneck out there who thinks some movies are just `` too smart '' then they 'll be more than willing to dish out $ 20 + to see some boobies and blood.this film just adds to the fact that kaufman just wants $ , and he 'll released anything , and i mean ANYTHING to get his hands on it .
 Gamebox 1.0 is one of those movies I had to see , simply to find out what it was all about . The story seemed like such a unique concept that i was sure it would be something exciting . I was pretty disappointing thou , being that it was direct to video and probably had a small budget , the special effects were pretty lame . The background story was actually pretty good . However , it was buried under cheesy special effects and performed by Sabrina and Boy Meets World outcasts , that are all grown up , so it was hard to tell . After thinking about it a little , I could see where they were going . Overall , it was ok , pretty much just a direct to video version of a failed movie with a similar story line , Stay Alive . Pass on this one !
 Save your money , if you have the time , go outside and watch fire ants eat . It will be a lot more satisfying than this bomb .
 crappy B movie that has no entertaiment value ... nothing cool about this movie at all , the only 2 reasons why I did n't turn it off was 1 . because I spent 4.25 at blockbuster to rent it -LRB- which by the way , is almost to buying price on amazon -RRB- and 2 it has topenga -LRB- Danielle Fishel -RRB- from boy meets world in it and I had a smidgen of hope that she would take her clothes off . Keep on dreaming , because they could even do that for this film . It 's in your best interest to pretend like you 've never hear of this movie and go on with your live !
 As your walking down the video aisle Game Box 1.0 might catch the casual eye of the horror/sci-fi fan with its slick cover and catchy phrases like , `` The only way out is to win , '' `` None stop sci-fi thriller , '' and some international award for best screenplay and visual effects -LRB- Same geniusness that probably gave Gigli the best picture in 2004 -RRB- . Nonetheless , your curiosity gets the best of you and you rent the movie.Then you realize the best thing about this movie was its cover , and the voice of the video game that sounds like HAL from 2001 A Space Odyssey . Besides that this movie was worse than a left over Chinese food sitting in your fridge for over 3 months . Just because its a low budget movie does n't excuse it from being bad . There are plenty of low budget horror/sci-fi movies that are ebullient , but 1.0 fails in all aspect , no direction , no character development , and above all NO PLOT ! The movie is pretty much about a nerd who gets a mysterious video game and is SOME HOW transported in to a virtual reality game , which has worse graphics then a regular NES -LRB- Put it this way TRON made in 1982 has better graphics -RRB- . But you 're never told who develops the video game , why , the purpose , and why it 's sent to Charlie Nash -LRB- the main character -RRB- . The # 56 of things that did n't make sense about this movie -LRB- it 's too difficult to list 1-100 -RRB- was that if the game is sent to each person by the previous individual player , like the way Charlie did too Ronald Hobbes/Ao Shun in the end , than how did Charlie Nash receive the console if the previous player was dead ????? Because according to the video game -LRB- yes it speaks -RRB- all previous players are dead ? I guess we can only assume that the video game has limbs and is able to wrap and stamp it self up and make it in the back of the USPS truck . # 42 Why does it want to kill people ? Is it pissed off that X-BOX has better graphics ??? Are you confused yet ??? My gosh , make it cheesy , but please do n't make it this stupid ... I disagree with the previous reviewer that this movie is for kids . The only part where Patrick Kilpatrick -LRB- Ronald Hobbes/Ao Shun -RRB- is not moaning like a Neanderthal is when he offers Nash a stash of drugs . Even if its really cheesy , plenty guns , pistols to semi-automatics , chopping off hands , and killings makes it difficult to recommend to any one under 13 . IN THE END There are too many `` bugs '' in this movie . It wo n't appeal to any gamers , sci-fi , or horror fans . There is a reason why this movie was made in 2004 and is now being released on to DVD in 2007 . It 's because it 's bad ! I 've seen better cheesy movies on the SCI-FI channel that are 10x more entertaining , and after 3 years if SCI-FI channel ai n't showing it than you know it must be bad ...
 The reviews for this film are obviously fake , from the film critic blurbs to the over reaching film festival praise.I watched almost half of this movie , and just could n't find the will power to subject myself to any more . It did n't draw you in and had no real plot to speak of , which I find totally acceptable in a comedy . Provided that there is a modicum of humor in the film . I 'm guessing the director thinks that ` awkward ' is the new funny , because that 's about all I can say about this film . It 's awkward . ~ Nothing is worth 5 stars , save the best
 This is poorly done in every way -LRB- except the opening credits -RRB- . Quirky , which I like but flat , dull , and lame ! Could n't wait for it to end . Pointless flick .
 This movie shows you a weird shrinking bubble in the music industry , inside of which are a lot of old guard music executives , producers and hangers on -LRB- like the photographer at the center of the story -RRB- with a lot of influence and money , yet completely caught up in their nostalgia for the good old days . Why is it so important for Robert Knight to find the next young white blues hot shot ? When has this music made any kind of cultural or financial impact on the music scene ? It 's truly remarkable how much time and resources they put into jump starting this Taylor Bryant kid 's career . The likelihood of this kid becoming a true visionary of the guitar like Jeff Beck or Steve Vai is highly unlikely . It 's depressing to see how much time and money is wasted shoehorning this kid into success , when there are so many other creative and innovative rock bands that would take off if they could just be heard .
 Do yourself a favor and rent this . When the photographer is not whining about his parents he is trying to be a talent scout to a kid who won a guitar center contest . The photographer works for Guitar center , BTW.Or he is trying to promote a band . Probably the most annoying thing about this picture is this very unattractive old mans ego . There is a close up shot of his face every 10 seconds . Imagine your grandfather dressed head to toe in Ed Hardy making an ass out of himself trying so desperately to be hip and you will get the idea . If you are a musician you will find this whole thing even more hilarious , especially the NAMM sequences .
 LIES MY MOTHER TOLD ME -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , strangely directed byCanadian Christian Duguay , considering this is a TVproduction , is said to be based on real events havingoccurred in North Carolina and California.It is one of those stories that ca n't help but endingtragically , considering it 's not a Hollywood production.Consequently , it entertains little or not at all , unfortunately.The socially redeeming value of this work , is perhaps thelesson it teaches , that all actions , have consequences.That those crossing the legal line , can and will reapserious legal , potentially life-threatening repercussionsin this day and age . For example , a murder , in this case , by the protagonist of this picture , was not leftunpunished.Conversely , the touching aspect , over the length of themovie , is the innocent , inexperienced , limited point ofview on events transpired from the perpective of thedaughter of the perpetrator . The action is perhaps takendirectly from the daughter 's diary , who recollects on herchaotic , confused childhood.On the other hand , the actions of the protagonist , playedcredibly by actress Joely Richardson , is astonishing , notonly in the varied aspects of misconduct , and in theirseriousness -LRB- to the point , as stated , of a murder -RRB- , but inthe length of time that it took for the penal system tocatch up with those dastardly deeds . It goes withoutsaying , -LRB- without wanting to sound righteous , consideringthat eventually , the perpetrator died in prison or shortlyafter -RRB- , that those surely shocked , flabbergasted andhorrified those in the community , despite most of theacts , not being violent , but insidious schemes . It is saidthat in 2006 , ID theft has become one of the most widelyabused schemes for some to reap financial gain . However , the lesson of this movie , should perhaps be learned bythose considering going down that road .
 `` Rendition '' is a very odd movie experience . It 's got a cast of A-list reliables , a multi-award winning director and a provocative topic as its central plot . It should have been a fantastic , thought-provoking look at the U.S. Government 's treatment of terrorism , but instead , it 's an unfortunate blend of three insipid storylines tied together with one of those horrible Pulp Fiction-style chronology twists , and it does n't manage to do anything interesting or say anything original.Egyptian-born Anwar El-Ibrahimi -LRB- Metwally -RRB- is apprehended by the C.I.A. upon his return to the United States . CIA bigwig Corrine Whitman -LRB- Streep -RRB- believes him to be responsible for a terrorist attack in Africa which killed a U.S. Government official and , despite the lack of any evidence , she returns him for torturous interrogation to the country of the attack . Meanwhile , back in the U.S. , his pregnant wife -LRB- Witherspoon -RRB- mounts a missing persons campaign that reaches all the way to Washington , and in Northern Africa , reluctant CIA operative Douglas Freeman -LRB- Gyllenhaal -RRB- does his best to assist Anwar 's plight.Performances are full of gusto all-round - it 's particularly nice to see Reece Witherspoon actually acting -LRB- albeit not brilliantly -RRB- , in a film whose plot does n't centre on how lovely-girls-attract-lovely-men , and Metwally and Gyllenhaal give decent turns in their respective captive/captor roles . Zineb Oukach and Yigal Naor are good as Fatima and Abasi - even if the strained nature of their daughter vs.father / left vs. right relationship is left largely unexplored . Unfortunately , Streep is surprisingly underused , and what 's there of her performance is unconvincing and one-dimensional , and Moa Khouas as would-be terrorist operative Khalid is childish and annoying . `` Rendition '' has an appalling script . The badly-written dialogue splits into three distinct threads
 The United States is an unfortunate , unwilling actor in the dramatic play that is Mohammadism 's civil war . We just do n't have the heart to participate in it like they do , with one faction blowing the other one up , while the second faction captures , maims and tortures members of the first . The Americans , at the first sign of trouble , go running off to blab to the Washington Post . Lame.The plot
 This movie was actually split into two stories . It seemed like one of them was the original premise of the movie and the other was thrown in last minute to take advantage of the current political climate . The first follows a young girl who finds herself entangled with a young boy who is involved in an Islamic terrorist group . The other follows an Arab-American who is taken to another country -LRB- Egypt if I remember correctly -RRB- for interrogation after intelligence found phone numbers in his call list that were tied to known terrorist numbers.It is this latter story line that really falls apart . First of all , they are completely misrepresenting the premise of Rendition . Rendition is used when a suspected terrorist is caught OFF AMERICAN SOIL , which limits their rights to what we know as due process since technically they are not an American prisoner . Rendition is basically just a way to get information quicker instead of bringing them back to the United States and going through the judicial system , you take advantage of the fact that you found the person in another country and you keep them there or fly them to another country for interrogation . In this movie , the character is arrested in an American airport , and he is magically erased from the record by clicking a mouse button on a computer terminal . Of course the movie makers forget about paper trails , the eye witnesses , etc.Then through the entire movie , they are supposed to convince you that this person is in fact innocent , and is being held unjustly . But of course , typical political movie , they do this through emotion instead of through actual facts because they NEVER really explain why he had those phone calls from those numbers . Never did he simply say `` oh , that number is my uncle 's '' through the entire movie , we all know he had calls from these numbers , but every time they show him the number or mentions it , all he ever says is `` I do n't know . '' Come on , I understand it 's hard to remember all numbers especially now that you have them all saved on your cell phone , but at least attempt to explain . Even by the end of the movie , they never really explained it . They simply briefly mentioned something about numbers being disposable and they hoped you would buy into that `` coincidence '' junk and not think about it any further.For me , this was a cop-out . They could n't find a witty way to explain away these things in a way that would justify the mistaken identity and his innocence at the same time , so instead they just throw in a lot of sensationalism to stir up emotions to try to take your attention away from these obvious loop holes . I 'm sorry if I give away a spoiler here , I guess skip over this paragraph if you do n't want to hear anything . Another loop hole is the fact that they claim there 's a fail-safe in case a bomber ever changes his mind about blowing himself up , a gunman would shoot him and set off the explosive that way -LRB- when the detonator switch is released and the spoon releases the striker -RRB- . So in the movie , the bomber and the gunman watching him , are both within 50 meters of their intended target , and the gunman has a CLEAR shot at BOTH the bomber , AND the intended target . When the gunman saw that the bomber might not go through with it , why did he even bother shooting the bomber when you have a clear and easy shot at the target itself ??? When you watch the movie , you 'll see what I mean ; the gunman could have EASILY taken out the target since the target was not moving , outdoors , with no cover ... Anyway , the movie is mildly entertaining , primarily the side story with the girl and the terrorist boy , but other than that , the plot is full of holes and over dramatic unrealistic acting from Reese Witherspoon , at no fault of her own , the script is just full of the typical over-romanticized , overly dramatic dialogue that if not performed in a similar fashion would seem very corny . And then Meryl Streep 's character is supposed to play some high role in the Pentagon and this lawyer gets her to admit to Rendition 's role in the main character 's disappearance within 3 lines . I mean seriously , high ranking government officials like that are much better at denying things and being persistent in keeping information from falling into the wrong hands than that . But apparently it 's easy to get her to admit to anything . Again , this seemed like a cop-out , it 's like they were not able to think of a smart way for this lawyer to find this out on his own so he simply approaches the source directly and within 25 seconds of questioning gets her to open up and basically disclose top secret information to him . Maybe he 's just a playboy like that , lol .
 Rendition '' is comfort food for liberals , stacking the odds against the use of torture so significantly that , in its own arrogance , it probably makes a case for it . These kind of simpleminded rants are perfect fodder for a world of clever , contrary conservatives who love taking aim at artists who are Too Pure For This World.However you feel on the matter is irrelevant to director Gavin Hood and screenwriter Kelley Sane , who present the viewer with the plight of a handsome Arab-American man who 's beaten , stretched and drowned within an inch of his life over phone calls that were clearly not from a terrorist . There 's no doubt of this . Not in one scene , including the prisoner 's hilarious `` confession . `` So the movie is n't about the validity of torture against a known or likely terrorist , but the inhumanity of it against a guy whose relatives have bad taste in cell phone peddlers . It 's an exercise in rage against `` the man , '' to the point where a senatorial aide -LRB- Peter Sarsgaard -RRB- is 86d out of the film for correctly suggesting the prisoner 's angry , pregnant wife -LRB- Reese Witherspoon -RRB- contact a lawyer when he 's exhausted his own resources . As an ally , the aide is quickly replaced by the senator 's secretary , who advises the wife stand in a hallway and scream at a shadowy CIA operative -LRB- Meryl Streep -RRB- . Streep 's character coos back a lame threat in -LRB- of course -RRB- a worthless Southern accent . Later , Witherspoon , so enormous she can only waddle about , collapses in an airport terminal to the pangs of birth.Shameless much?How about a subplot in which the beautiful daughter of a -LRB- presumably -RRB- Egyptian torturer/interrogator -LRB- Yigal Naor -RRB- runs away from home and falls in with a terrorist sympathizer whose very brother was tortured to death , the pictures of which are found in a scrapbook the boy frequently holds close to his chest ? These star-crossed lovers are absurdly fit into the larger story of a suicide bomber who blows himself up in a market square , triggering an investigation by CIA analyst Douglas Freeman -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- . Anwar El-Ibrihimi -LRB- Omar Metwally -RRB- is a chemical engineer coming back from a trip to South Africa . Upon arriving in Washington , he 's hooded , handcuffed and whisked away to a room . The bomb 's just exploded , and the guy claiming responsibility once owned a phone that was used to call Anwar . Anwar denies it , and is flown to North Africa for extraordinary rendition . That is , he is tortured for information he clearly does not have . He 's electrocuted , punched , and subjected to water boarding . Whether you define these things as torture or not , the movie surely does , and , with Anwar 's innocence not in question , the viewer has no choice to be sickened by the proceeding . What 's worse - supporting the practice , or depicting it in such sensational , physical fashion while officially standing `` against '' it ? `` Rendition '' joins `` The Life of David Gale '' as one of those exercises so pathetic and obvious that only the proverbial `` Kool-Aid drinker '' - or someone who 's not at all savvy about about movies - will find themselves suckered by the experience . No surprise that Gyllenhaal or Witherspoon are banging around in this tripe , but it is a minor surprise to see Arkin . Surely he does n't need this - does he ?
 Will this new wave of `` war on terror '' movies ever end ? Almost none of them work because
 Saw a billboard for this movie in Chicago . I thought it would be good just from the cast , but I was wrong . I bought it , but the movie is boring , changes story lines , and the viewer does n't really care what happens to characters in the end . I recommend renting this instead of buying it .
 I was eagerly waiting to view this film . I understand all too well the horrors of relatives and friends gone missing with no explanation . This is planned and routine in all of the world ... not just in the nefarious offices and dark air hangers of the CIA ! Having said that , this movie was disappointing especially given the excellent cast . It lacked substance and was full of stereo types , both left and right , us and foreign . What a let down .
 SPOILERS AHEAD ... I did n't know what the movie was about before we bought it . My wife and I like Reese Witherspoon and have a passing interesting in Jake Gyllenhaal . We thought it was a thriller about a guy who disappears on a transatlantic flight , a cool premise for a movie . Granted , a guy disappears in this movie , but not while in flight . He 's apprehended , under suspicion of terrorist activities , by the U.S. authorities and flown back to a country that employs torture to extract information.On that level , Rendition is a thinly veiled anti-torture treatise . Nothing more . It 's certainly not a well-crafted movie.While we watched , we cringed at :1 . The snail 's pace of virtually every scene ,2 . The emotionally stifled acting ,3 . The torture scenes4 . The confusing back-and-forth time jumps -LRB- think LOST without the clever writing and directing -RRB- 5 . The confusing , way-too-many-characters-to-be-understood plotThere 's really not much else to say about this movie . We could barely follow the story , and we had an extremely difficult time differentiating the actors -- or even caring about them . Jake 's character was supposed to be tortured emotionally . Yet all he seemed is emotionless and dull-witted . Reese Withersoon 's character was supposed to be tortured emotionally because she could n't find her husband . Yet she only lost her cool in one scene . A very pregnant woman whose husband disappears would come unglued ! Reese 's character acted like her husband forgot to buy the potato chips for the afternoon BBQ . Mild irritation , rather than outright panic.Too many subplots , characters , and settings made this movie a painful experience . My wife and I kept saying to each other , `` No one would say that in this situation '' or `` No one would do that in those circumstances . `` In short , this movie was poorly written , sluggishly directed , and a total waste of our time.In the end , two questions remained unanswered :1 . Was Reese 's husband really guilty ? The movie left open the possibility th at the terrorist had indeed called him , and2 . Is torture justifiable if it 's used to save lives?The subject matter was handled so ham-fistedly that nothing was answered . And the characters were so black-and-white that -LRB- a -RRB- the good guys were bad for believing in torture , and -LRB- b -RRB- the bad guys were good for resorting to terrorism to combat the unfairness of torture.Bottom line
 Meryl Strep is usually better at selecting films . I agree with the reviewers who label it a propaganda film . Not worth a second viewing ; I intend to sell my copy .
 Why ca n't I watch a movie and not be inundated with the views of others ? This movie laid its cards down since the word action . Its whole intent was to object to the actions of the government in the post 9/11 world . It had some promise but it stayed true to its message and made a villain out of everyone but a victim that was manufactured by writers . I want the politics to end . If it is going to take a Democrat in office then get it over with . I want my movies , TV , and other forms of entertainment back from the overwhelming support of those with money in Hollywood . If they agree with something they sure want to make sure everyone on this continent agrees . I am not saying I disagree , but c'mon ! Please make a good movie or show for once . I am tired of this !!!! Why must we continue to battle each other !!! We are all Americans !!!!!!!!
 Unfortunately , this DVD was damaged in shipping so was unable to view entire film . What I was able to see was TERRIBLE . Far beneath the talent of Meryl Streep . Most of the dialogue was in Arabic with NO English captions so you had no idea what the actors were saying nor talking about . I was quite surprised that an actress of Meryl Streeps stature would even dignify this `` piece of crap '' with her presence !!!
 `` Rendition , '' though boasting a stellar cast of great actors -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal , Meryl Streep , and Reese Witherspoon -RRB- only fitfully attains anything approaching human and thoughtful
 Pitiful left-wing Hollywood propaganda film that ignores the harsh reality of the ongoing terrorist jihad against the West and especially against the United States .
 Bought it.Couldn ' t rip it for my iPod.Nuff said .
 I am always interested in Meryl Streep . Her name was listed in a way suggesting she was a principal player . She is not.This DVD will give you about 10 minutes of a character type that does not allow Streep to display her range of acting talent.There are many other reviews which address the question of the use of interogation techniques in fighting terrorists and I do n't wish to add another . This is not a `` war '' movie which will bring the country together .
 So , first of all , the story is told in a warped time sense that does n't work until the very end . Second , so now the suicide bombers are the sympathetic characters ? I do n't think so . I totally hated this movie . I 'm so sick of hollywood scratching the bottom of the barrel for things they can blame on America .
 The most complimentary comment I can make about this film , is that its only a fair portrayl of the ambiguities of asymmetrical warfare of the kind , which the West / US is confronted by the Islamic Terrorists . It is no doubt a very difficult war to fight , because of such ambiguity.However ... this film suffers from the extreme adulteration and distortion of the facts and truth , and documented evidence surrounding the War on Terror , which is incessantly purveyed by the `` anti-American , radical left '' of both Hollywood and our Major Media.What otherwise would be an interresting portrayl of the realities of asymmetrical warfare , devolves into nothing more than obvious `` political commentary and propaganda '' by its writers , directors and producers , who incessantly `` hawk such drivel '' to the ignorant , and uninformed `` great unwashed . `` It suggests that
 Typical left wing `` Hate America first '' moive.It is all our fault terrorists hate us.There were not terrorists before Bush etc. . . Save you money and get the same BS from the kook liberal blogs .
 My other review was recently removed , probably because someone whined about the fact that I used the words `` girlyboys '' and `` Hollywood '' in the same sentence . Everyone should know Hollywood is made up of ex-Green Berets who never tire of making patriotic movies to promote the greatness of America . Anyway , this movie is just more of the usual sophomoric drool used to feed the antiwar , blame-America-first crowd . Instead of watching this movie why not do something more practical , like waiting by your mailbox for the winning lottery ticket to accidentally be delivered . Only if this actually occurs will I recommend buying the movie .
 The makers of this film would rather see further terrorist attacks on the United States than do whatever is necessary to interrogate TERRORISTS!Terrorists who have been taken from the BATTLEFIELD . Just plain stupid . -LRB- too bad we ca n't vote negative stars -RRB-
 Good video as all best motoring usually are . This dose not have English subtitles . Wish I spoke or understood Japanese .
 If you 're a fan of the Best Motoring Series , and are an English speaker , then you are out of luck . The entire video is in Japanese with no subtitles ! I will be returning this ASAP .
 I recently watched Alex Gibney 's `` Casino Jack '' in a virtually empty movie theater , the new documentary about Jack Abramoff . -LRB- Gibney won an Oscar for Documentary Feature in 2008 . -RRB- `` Casino Jack '' simply regurgitated the story the media had already conveyed about `` evil '' Abramoff , and thematically repeated a Bill Moyers documentary several years ago . Gibney 's film would have been far more insightful and compelling had it been even-handed . Disclaimer
 I wish I could do a review , but the movie did not loadBasically , amazon got my money and gave me zilch in returnI will not be ordering any movies this way in the future
 I could only bring myself to watch the first hour of this horrific , disgusting movie . This movie is done in very poor taste and graphically depicts unspeakable events -LRB- young children being shot point-blank in head and graphic rape -RRB- . I highly recommend NOT watching this filth . It tries to be philosophical , edgy , and artsy but fails and ends up just being gross . It pollutes your mind and the graphic scenes are scarring .
 < strong > Basket Case < / strong > -LRB- Frank Henenlotter , 1982 -RRB- The only movie at this year 's 12 Hours of Terror that I had n't previously seen was < em > Basket Case < / em > , Frank Henenlotter 's infamous debut film . And I was n't sure whether I 'd seen it or not until the film began , actually ; I 've heard so much about it over the years that I honestly could n't remember . This was another film that had recently been digitally restored -LRB- cf. < em > Zombi 2 < / em > review elsewhere this ish -RRB- , so a lot of audience members were very excited by this one . I was feeling a bit more reserved . I 'd seen a couple of Henenlotter flicks over the past few years and been , to be kind , unimpressed . As I feared , < em > Basket Case < / em > had all the things I did n't like about < em > Frankenhooker < / em > and < em > Bad Biology < / em > , and no extra redeeming qualities.Plot
 Yes , this movie is a `` classic '' but its really really bad . I mean I love bad movies , take `` Troll 2 '' or `` Rumpelstiltskin '' for example , but this movie is nowhere near as good as Hennenlotter 's `` Brain Damage '' which is what I expected it would be like in terms of good horror movie film-making . It 's worth having for a horror movie collector like myself , but not even in my top 50 . Blu Ray quality - it keeps is 4:3 aspect ratio . According to Hennenlotter in the special features it looked like crap in widescreen . Picture quality looks like an upgraded VHS .
 I dont get why this movie gets so much praise . The picture quality is so bad that its almost unwatchable . The effects are unbearable . I do like the idea though . This would make a nice project for a modern remake .
 I rented this movie from Netflix recently , expecting a wonderfully campy , cheesy horror film . WRONG . Its just an hour and a half of boring film.The plot is lacking , the characters are annoying , especially Duane.Its simply a ridiculous film !
 Unless you enjoy movies that are not funny , not scary , and have the worst actors this side of rodeo clowns , DO NOT WATCH this series of horrible flicks . Putrid ! Not even `` so-bad-it 's - funny '' . Absolutely the worst films in the history of mankind ! Heed my warning ! SUCKS !!!
 During this -LRB- my Sunday Fright Day -RRB- I have watchedthree horror flicks . As many of you know , horror ismy forte ... just look at my love life - LOL . My latest -LRB- and last -RRB- was supposed to be a cult classic - `` BasketCase '' . Made in 1981 -LRB- 24 years ago - YIKES ! -RRB- , I was amere baby -LRB- get real -RRB- when it hit the screens . Thepremise of the story is rather basic ... and tragic.Siamese twins are separated at the hip during theirteen years ... one is a nice guy ... the other a horrificmonster.Bottom line , the film was n't worth the electricity ittook to power my DVD player . If there is one -LRB- or two -RRB- things that irritate me about horror films it isconstant screaming . I swear , they likely spent moremoney auditioning for screamers than a director orproducer . The shrills are totally overbearing . I wasafraid every stray cat in the neighborhood would bewaiting on my doorstep when I finally turned thisloser off.The second bottom line is the lame portrayal of women.If I ever see another film where a woman trips , stumbles or falls while running from death , I ` llscream louder than any of those shrill-freak fanatics.Get my drift?Whatever you do , do n't waste a dime or your time on `` Basket Case '' . Watch a rerun of `` Friends '' , `` I LoveLucy '' , `` Good Times '' ... or even `` The Munsters '' . You ` llhave a much better time .
 basket cake sucks . Its about a little chunk of rubber that goes around town with his brother killing doctors.This movie is funny , though . P.S. Im not really 3 yrs . old . P.P.S. . What kind of toddlers write internet reviews , anyway ?
 i actually saw this movie when i was 7 and it freaked me out abit , but i mean the brother was basically a blob with a face and the story was as bad as the acting . The ending was garbage and it had nothing to offer in todays world.Dont even rent this , i dont even know why you are considering the film.I only give it a 2 star rating because t managed to scare a seven year old and i havent forgot how dumb the film was since .
 Seeing as this was one of corey 's film 's i had n't seen , i thought it looked good.Corey 's character was goneNew Terminal Hotelvery early in the movie.That was the reason i got it , to see him in it.Ugh!I think his character was high too , , i loved gorey corey and yet the writer killed him off like corey and the media did , with his career cuz of drugs.Wasn ' t he sober by then ? I 'm glad the director gave him a 2nd chance at an acting career ! I would 've liked to see him it longer.the movie role was short for his character.but i still liked him in it.May Corey live on though in the matinee in the sky. :0 -RRB-
 I did not read the text initially . Out of habit I just purchased what Amazon offered as options . I later learned that ` Region 2 ' was for European VCRs.I realize your have a world wide market , which we do n't always take into consideration when purchasing on the internet.It seems it would be more cost effective to isolate country specific items .
 Lots of problems with this order . I did n't relaize that it was coming from the UK and there were two problems with it ; 1 -RRB- Wrong region -LRB- not for USA -RRB- and 2 -RRB- shipping delayed due to security issues . If you order something from outside United States make sure that you pay attention the the region and be prepared to wait for more than a month .
 I ca n't believe we were watching the same movie here . Apart from the gorgeous body of Michelle Johnson and the scenic shots of Rio there is very little to like about this flick . Michelle 's acting is bad , the script is sophomorish , the audio is amateurish , and subject matter borders on disgusting .
 What 's with all the glowing customer reviews ? A `` great '' movie ? An entertaining , lighthearted sex romp ? Harmless , fluffy fun ? Absolutely not.Plain and simple , this is a story of a middle-aged man conducting an affair with a teenaged girl . This is not the stuff of comedy , and there is only one name for such a man
 I watched this movie with two people who consider it a comedy classic and was `` udderly '' bored . The acting was horrible , the plot was boring , and the comedy was very thin indeed . Watch this if you must on mute . The scenery is great and if you like to see old geezers fumbling young half nude girls , this one 's for you .
 Wow ! This movie is deeply entrenched on my list of worst movies of all time . I watched it last night and I woke up in a bad mood . Everything about it sucked except for the nudity -LRB- hence the single star -RRB- . I understand it was supposed to be something of a `` comedy '' , but without a touch of reality , I found myself laughing at the movie instead of with it . The acting is awful , the soundtrack is hideous and the plot is a joke . Michael Caine 's goofy appearance was accentuated with some GINORMOUS glasses ... there is n't a teen girl alive who would find that `` sexy '' . When I saw the ` Blame it on Rio ' reviews on this site , I felt the urge to hunt down every person who gave it more than 2 stars -LRB- many gave it 5 !! -RRB- , strangle them , then watch as they emptied the contents of their bowels all over the floor .
 Come on guys lets be honest ... Only reason to watch this is Michelle Johnson . She has an amazing body , and she 's topless in several scenes . If Mindy Cohen -LRB- Facts of Life -RRB- played the part this video would have been out of print by 1988 .
 I wrote a 4-star review of the VHS version of this movie on 11/22/00 . Later I bought the DVD version . The DVD was much darker . Some of the night scenes were almost completely black . This was annoying and made the DVD useless to me . It made no sense to me why they did this . The VHS version is great !
 Drippy for the most part . One has to blush for Michael Caine who is miscast as a middle aged man who gets seduced by his best friend 's daughter while on vacation in Rio De Janeiro . I had the sense that Brazilian Airlines , or whoever , and the Brazilian tourist bureau fronted the funds for this turkey . Perhaps some old boys club as well since this is fantasy wish fulfillment for middle-aged men , pure and simple . This was supposed to be a comedy , a remake of the Claude Berri French film entitled One Wild Moment -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , but the laughs really do n't materialize -LRB- there are a few chuckles -RRB- , and anyway you practically have to be French to make this sort of tale work . Either that or play it full out as a farce.Nonetheless , there must have been some reason I kept watching , since I have no desire to see Michael Caine make a fool of himself -LRB- in those huge , ugly glasses with the plastic brown frames -RRB- , and that reason is Michelle Johnson , who does the seducing . She is very pretty and delightfully sexy and so beguiling that I almost believe her.But enough about my fantasies . Joseph Bologna plays the girl 's father and Caine 's best friend in his usual cynical , wise-cracking style , kind of like the low rent Mafia boss/used car salesman persona that he wears so well . Demi Moore has a small part as Caine 's daughter , but there is no evidence here to account for her becoming a box office star in the nineties . Valerie Harper plays Caine 's wife , who is sick of him and his lack of demonstrativeness and goes on a separate vacation . Caine 's superb timing and great concentration as an actor are in evidence , but somehow he just does n't quite make it as a poor sap who is torn between lust and propriety.Stanley Donen -LRB- Singing in the Rain -LRB- 1952 -RRB- , The Pajama Game -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , Charade -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , Indiscreet -LRB- 1958 -RRB- , etc. -RRB- directed and was clearly off his best form or past his prime . Or maybe he just wanted to indulge himself an old guy 's daydream .
 This film has some flashy scenery , and a topless Demi Moore before her overdone breast enhancement ; still , a sleazy plot . Two friends and their daughters make trip to Rio , one dad decides to bone his friend 's beautiful daughter , who is high school age . GROSS !
 Comedy ? If you think it 's funny that two over 50yrs . fathers take their nubile , underaged , daughters on a trip to topless brazil and then ogle them lecherously at the nude beach , making lewd remarks before they realize the hot girls are their own babies . The bustier of the two young girls -LRB- Demi is pre boob surgery in this movie -RRB- gets into bed with her father . No judgement , but , if you think one of the fathers that has sex with one of the daughters is funny then I for one think you need psyciatric help . This is hands down some of the worst crap that 's been put on film , granted there is worse , but this is got to be in the top ten , at least . Like I said - YUCK !!
 Unfunny and sordid tale about an aging man -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- who goes down to Rio and has an affair with his best friend 's -LRB- Joseph Bolognna -RRB- teenage daughter , played by Michelle Johnson.Most of this mess fails to find any laughs and how any characters with any sense of decency could stoop this low . Of course , this could be a statement about the general lack of morality in Hollywood where a babysitter one day becomes a wife the next.Valerie Harper and Demi Moore have decent , if undersued roles . Caine , of course , has gotten much better roles in recent years . These days though , the only attraction in this movie is to see Michelle Johnson , who is now Michelle Williams , wife of Matt Williams of the World Series winning Arizona Diamondbacks . Hope she is set for life so she never has to dig this low for a role again .
 Hard to believe that Stanley Donen directed this movie . The plot is a male fantasy of the worst kind - older man seduced by a teenage girl without any negative consequences -LRB- `` he never really had a chance '' , she says , suggesting he does n't have to feel guilty -RRB- ; because she is his friend 's daughter and his daughter 's friend there are clear undertones of incest -LRB- the daughter confesses she had a crush on her father which might be perfectly innocent in other circumstances but takes on an ominous meaning when her friend takes her own `` crush '' to a very physical level -RRB- ; there is generally poor acting -LRB- Michael Caine projects very clearly how awkward he felt about this role , Joseph Bologna is - well , Joseph Bologna , and it 's almost incomprehensible why anyone gave another role to Demi Moore after this movie -RRB- , the soundtrack is awful and the cinematography tired and clich&eacute; - ridden . The only redeeming feature is Michelle Johnson who is just a joy to watch , with and without her clothes on.The movie makes you realize how times have changed . I doubt any major Hollywood director would do a film with this much nudity today , which is a pity . 20 years later the US is even more uptight about these things than in Ronald Reagan 's time -LRB- while hardcore porno movies are sold in the next aisle at your local DVD outlet -RRB- - I guess that 's progress of a sort ...
 There are two versions of this disc available on Amazon from different distributors . The one-star rating relates to the cheap non-MGM version but this review may appear elsewhere . Be sure to buy the one with the blue bar at the top of the box that has the MGM logo and says `` Movie Time '' . The other version has the same picture on the cover but no blue bar at the top -LRB- and is cheaper -RRB- . The cheap version as you might expect is poorly authored in 480i -LRB- interlaced -RRB- format and has no menu , extras or subtitles . Depending on your player , moving objects have jagged edges and the entire movie lacks video quality . The MGM version -LRB- with the blue bar on the box -RRB- is 480p -LRB- progressive scan -RRB- and has sharper images , smoother pans and higher contrast . Still not much on extras beyond the theatrical trailer but it does have an interactive menu and some non-English subtitles .
 As odd as it might sound , I was rooting for The Movie Hero from the instant it began . Even though I had never heard of this extremely small , and quite odd , picture -- its opening boldly declared a love of movies that I share wholeheartedly . I thought that , perhaps , the filmmakers and I were simpatico in our passion for cinema . And I had hoped that this perceived bond would cause me to love The Movie Hero . After all , this is the protagonist 's response when his date does not want to share a film with him -- `` What if this movie held the answer to the universe ? That 's why you have to see every one . '' Boy , do I know how he feels . However , the hero 's logic is flawed . Seeing every movie can lead to disappointment , as well . And , ultimately , disappointment is the primary emotion I endured as I continued to watch Hero beyond its promising beginning.The setup of The Movie Hero sounds interesting . The hero -LRB- Jeremy Sisto -RRB- haunts the streets of Hollywood speaking directly to the screen . He believes that he is in a film , being watched at all times by a mysterious and unseen group -LRB- his personal audience -RRB- . All his dialogue is focused at the camera and , in essence , he is addressing us as his viewers . Sisto is so convinced that he is performing in a movie that he enlists a sidekick , trails a suspicious villain , and makes romance with a conveniently placed love interest -LRB- who just happens to be his therapist -RRB- . It may not sound terrible , but nothing quite connects in this picture . It is a difficult concept to execute , at best , but the tone of The Movie Hero is so fanciful -- the film starts to feel like one very long joke . In musical terms , it 's one note played over and over until your senses are so dulled that you just want it to end . Truly , if Sisto talked about his `` audience '' one more time , I might simply have done away with myself . Besides being repetitive , the film is also far too precious and self-congratulatory . I know we 're meant to delight at the absurdity -- but maybe that 's just it , it just does n't go far enough . Even the absurdity is predictable.I imagine this was conceived as a Charlie Kaufman-esque type of story , but it lacks the spontaneity and wit that Kaufman has employed to good effect . I do credit the writer/director , Brad Gottfred , for attempting something different . At least there is a point of view -- and I wish much success for his next endeavor , but this was all a bit of a muddle for me . Sisto , as well , was an unlikely fit for this light and frothy subject matter . I have been a fan of his since Grand Canyon when he was a teenager . Appealing mostly for his intensity , he has had great adult roles in Six Feet Under and on stage in Take Me Out -- but lacks a light comedic touch -LRB- or loopiness -RRB- that might have taken this to the next level . Some may find charm in The Movie Hero -- in fact , I hope they do . But I 'm sorry , none of it really worked for me . KGHarris , 03/07 .
 Call me old fashioned , but this movie reminded me of an old adage about beating a rug . `` The stubborn stains remain in the middle . '' No matter how hard you beat it , there still seems to be that nasty stain in the middle , in this instance its the middle of our country , the Heartland , the great -LRB- ? -RRB- Midwest , where minds are small and bigots are big.Perhaps it is because I live on the West Coast , but I found this film to be difficult to follow and irrelevant . Never have I seen a gay and Lesbian themed film with so many unattractive , useless and ineffectual individuals . People ! Pack up your bags and get the hell out of there !! Do not waste your money or time on this useless endeavor .
 This season was missing disc 6 which included the season finale . Everything else worked okay except I did not get to see the last 3 episodes of season three .
 The NCIS movie i ordered came in in a timely manner . It was in the condition stated at the time of purchase . These are the things i am very pleased with . Not having watched this series on tv as we do not have cable or an atenna in our home i was unaware of the skanky nature of this season . The intellegence and absence of immorality that i have seen on the few episodes i watched outside the home caused me to purchase . I am extremely disappointed in this episode and the following one . The rounchyness far out weighed the intellegence by far . Now i am very very leary about purchasing any other episodes . I did enjoyed episode one which i borrowed from my neice . The moral deploriaty is why we do not have cable or an atenna in our house . These have gone to the trash as is fitting for such lack of marality .
 NCIS is a great show , but this is the second time discs have been damaged . I purchased them new . Not too happy about that .
 FIRST TIME I ORDERED A MOVIE . I REALL HAVE N'T BEEN ABLE TO WATCH IT SINCE I DO N'T KNOW WHERE IT IS ON MY COMPUTER .
 Creo que por lo menos deben colocar subtitulos . Always is tha same thing we , the spanish speakers , get to wait for spanish version . Esto est&aacute; mal , anoche pre ordene la serie , pero hoy la voy a cancelar por que me di cuenta que no esta en espa & ntilde ; ol .
 I do n't see yet the items I bought , because they do n't arrived to me . What is happening ? Please , review your items sending to me .
 I rented this to watch on a long flight , so I did n't need it to be great , just mildly entertaining . And I had heard that it was n't very good , but I liked the idea , so I thought I would enjoy it . But it let me down , even from those low expectations . It was really dumb . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your time or money . There is no credibility to it . It 's just foolish .
 Apollo 18 I do n't understand why they said this is a true account of what happen when in fact it never did!Is Hollywood trying to completely confuse are young?And as fair as the movies goes it could have been done a lot better I would give Apollo 18 * 1/2 .
 I have to agree with most of the reviews here . I read them and thought it 'd suck but I went to watch it with an open mind . I was hoping it 'd be a good one . Turns out this 1 h 26 min was a complete waste of my life . Bad plot , terrible graphics , decent acting but with no story the acting does n't matter . Actors are not to blame the writers and directors are to blame .
 Gravity on the moon , not explained . Space crabs , lame . Terrible acting . There is NO action what so ever , not even an apex to the plot . Never explains how the footage made it back after they crashed . If I could I would create a class action lawsuit to get my 90min back .
 A movie like this is not compelling because of the all-too-often repeated storyline of an all-knowing government who knows all about the dangers and dead Russians but sent the men to the moon anyway . This is a real `` 9-11 Thruther '' type scenario which falls apart as soon as you sweat a few first order logistical or historical details . My main objection to this type of movie is that it gives birth to the most meaningless and false tripe when the actual history is incredibly compelling .
 This movie left me feeling like I 'd been conned out of the cost of an Amazoid rental . While watching , I had feelings of `` bad-movie-deja-vu '' ... like I 'd felt this compulsion before . It was an irrepressible impulse to grab the remote and permanently pause this bit of filmic three-card Monte . Then it hit me -- this was basically the Blair Witch Project on the moon ! Meh ... I hated the Blair Witch Project .
 First off I have to say that the trailer is the best part of this movie . ************************************ Major Spoiler Alert ********************************************************************* Here 's why this movie was just plain bad1 . The monsters were basically moon rocks - that should be enough reason to give this movie one star2 . The monsters can not only live without oxygen but can go without food for a very long time - though it is questionable whether the creatures actually eat humans3 . Somehow the movie footage made it back to Earth even though at the end of the movie the two spacecrafts collide into each other . How did the footage get back to Earth ? 4 . A very bad rip off of The Blair Witch Project style horror movie sub genre .5 . A horror movie is suppose to scare you . I do n't find moon rocks scary in the least , do you?Bottom line , STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS
 If you do n't mind jumpy , shaky , broken and distorted camera footage , edits and inaudible audio at every single moment that something `` important '' is supposed to be happening then this movie wo n't bother you and you 'll probably enjoy it . Also , were we supposed to forget or ignore the fact that there is less gravity on the moon and in the Lem ? They do n't even TRY to give a sense of the difference in gravity . How could astronauts have forgotten to bring a flashlight with them to the moon ? The only thing they can do to see in the dark is use flashes . How lucky for the director - another good excuse to create a bad film . If this was made by a high school student for their graduation project I 'd give it an A , but since it is n't I say shame on the director for not taking more care and pride in their work and settling for cheap gimmicks and tricks.In their defense , they did create a pretty good `` moonscape . `` Do n't waste your money -LRB- or time -RRB- !
 The movie is not a ` found footage ' movie , although it makes the attempt to be so . While it is interesting that we have never returned to the moon , fictional films like this actually aide the powers that be in any possible cover up of truth . Controversy sells . Dont waste your money . Rent ` The Fourth Kind ' instead .
 This has to be the worst movie in the past 50 years or longer . It is slow to the point and extremely bouring . The only good thing about it was the discription of the movie . I will never trust another movie discription as long as I live thanks to this one it really deservse less than a one ratting . The best they could come up with for aliens was spiders what a let down . As soon as I saw that I was ready to turn it off but since I paid $ 6 to watch it I decided to get my agonizing moneys worth . I realy could n't wait for it to end . This movie was such a disapointment that to mention anything good about it is a waist of time .
 Found footage movies are all the rage right now.I get that . Heck , I 'll even admit that I 'm a sucker for them . So , when I heard about a found footage movie based on space , well , I was excited . Space is scary . We do n't know what 's going on out there . And , for a little bit , Apollo 18 did an amazing job at bringing that scariness to us . That is , until we see what 's going on.I 'll be frank , Apollo 18 is bad . They do nothing to make us care about any of the characters , you wo n't even remember any of their names . The only thing they did right was the moral dillemmas they created . While watching the movie I kept thinking how stupid they were , how if it was me I would just kill him at the first sign of infection . Yet , when I really thought about it , I would 've done the exact same thing as the character . It all goes back to my initial thought , space is scary . There 's no one out there to save you if something goes wrong . That 's the only thing they did right though . The ending was nothing short of aggrivating and I was so irritated at how dumb they were about everything.It may just be me , but if I 'm on the moon and weird stuff starts happening the last thing I would do is leave my lander and start investigating . Nevermind the fact that ... SPOILER ALERTThey found a Russian lander with blood in it and a dead astronaut . No way . I 'd cash out and sit in my lander till I was radioed to leave . I would not keep having stuff happen to my equipment and think everything was okay.SPOILER
 This was the most rediculous movie I have seen in a long time , and this is coming from a big fan of the `` found footage '' genre . There was hardly any dialogue that you could actually understand , due to the `` static '' that was placed into the film . The footage was so shakey that it was very hard to identify what was going on . I will give the movie credit with the fact that the creatures were scary , when you actually got to see them . I really hate to knock on this movie so hard , but I was totally disappointed with it . The Paranormal Activity movies are some of my favorite `` found footage '' movies , so I guess I was looking for more scenes that I could actually tell what was going on . Anyway , I know most people will disagree with me , but I had to put in my two cents worth . If I was going to give you any advice , it would be to rent it other than buy it . That way if you are disappointed , you have n't really wasted too much money . If I had gone to the theatre to see this , I would have asked for my money back before I left .
 Apollo 18 -LRB- released Sept/11 -RRB- stars Warren Christie as Captain Benjamin Anderson , Lloyd Owen as Commander Nathan Walker , Ryan Robbins as Lieutenant Colonel John Grey , Andrew Airlie as Mission Control and Michael Kopsa as Deputy Secretary of Defense.This film is yet , -LRB- * sigh * -RRB- ANOTHER prodigy in the long and ever growing line of Blair Witch Project imitators.Yep the old bait and switcheroo , with fuzzy and fast camera cuts , dark and spooky lighting , strange noises coming from ... ? , etc. , etc.It is all SO predictable.This latest incarnation takes us to the moon on a mission that never officially existed.The opening tells us that the movie is made up of footage -LRB- inference that it is &#34; real &#34; -RRB- that was uploaded to a certain web site a couple of years ago.The film is shot using aging techniques quite common in use today , to make it look like 70s film stock.We follow three astronauts from pre flight with their families , to lift off , their journey and orbital path around the moon to two of the astronauts final descent and landing.This classified mission was put together so they could install early warning instruments to detect Soviet missiles.Everything up until the moment they install the devices goes smoothly.Of course we know it wo n't last forever and on cue the creepy noise interference over their intercoms starts coming through.Then they find strange tracks in the lunar surface.They also find a Russian space module that has landed before their flight and the pilot is dead in a nearby crater.The officials back home give them so much info , but it is obvious they knew about the Russians and their mission.They start to find things moved around in the LEM and their communications totally fail.They wake up one morning to find the U.S.flag is gone and their ROVER has been tipped over.One of them goes out to investigate and suddenly reports something in his helmet and falls.The other comes out and brings him in.He has limited memory recall on what just happened and they find a laceration on his rib cage.In fact there is something underneath the skin.They manage to pull it out and after a brief screeching noise , they look down and it is just a lunar rock.The astronaut 's infection continues and as their LEM has now been disabled by something unknown , they head out to the Russian capsule.Along the way their ROVER gets turned over and the infected astronaut wanders off.The other looks and finds him but watches as he is pulled into a crater by unseen forces.He follows but watches as all the rocks start coming to life around him.He flees to the Russian module and is securely inside.He makes contact with the third astronaut who has been circling above the moon and they agree to rendezvous.Transmission from Earth has now recommenced and NASA is warning the third astronaut not to rendezvous with his compatriot.He ignores his superiors and awaits his buddy 's return.However on the way up we see rocks aboard the Russian capsule start to rise and come to life and attack the astronaut.In distress he can not control the Russian capsule and the craft crashes into the other , most likely killing both.The film ends in a typed post script as we are told the official reasons for the death of the astronauts ; all earth born accidents with no bodies recovered.It also mentions that some of the lunar material actually brought back from the moon , has been given away to foreign countries and alot of it has simply disappeared.I must say for us who grew up and watched these lunar landings way back in the day , this re-creation looks pretty good in so far as the equipment used , both personal and vehicular.But the story is just way too predictable and quite pedestrian , at best.It is yet another case of taking half truths and inferences and making grand leaps of logic to convey a &#34; truthful &#34; message.This is the conspiracy theorists playground and right up their alley.Nice try guys , but no cigars for any of you.Technically speaking , the film is in its w/s a/r of 1:85:1 , with some parts being full frame to simulate the camera technology of the 70s . Extras include multiple endings , several deleted and alternate scenes and commentary.All in all a complete waste of 86 minutes of film time and yours .
 This film is shot on old cameras , in a 70s style documentary , that someone would have made on an old camcorder . Someone uncovers the tapes of this secret , classified , NASA mission , that was buried and turns it into this film . Apollo 18 shows how the astronauts came into contact with extra terrestrial life . I was expecting this to be a trippy Sci-Fi movie , it was n't . I also thought maybe the aliens would be hostile and it would be an action packed horror flick , not really . The truth is , it 's hard to say what this was besides bad ! First of all , the look they use for effect , hampered the viewers , the constant interruption and flashes were just annoying ! The actors really have no dialogue outside of their work , meaning we know basically nothing about them , so there is no connection with the audience . The dialogue is bland , the effects are cheap , and the cinematography makes you want to vomit . It 's not Paranormal Activity , nor is it the Blair Witch , it 's a cheap rip off of both , that 's not worth one minute of your time .
 I kinda hated this movie.I remember going to the movies with a friend of mine a year or so ago . We saw a preview for what at first looked like an amazing movie
 This movie did n't have enough scary parts in it . It 's not like there were n't any scary parts in it , there just needed to be more . The beggining to this movie is VERY boring ! Once they go onto space , it gets a little bit more interesting . However , it 's still pretty boring . I woud n't reccomend buying this
 This is the worst movie I 've ever seen . Only the truest form of idiot would believe there was one ounce of truth to this pathetic plot . The plot was miserable , the acting was anything but acting and the entire technical process of the movie was lacking . I would love to read a professional media review of this disaster to see if anything I felt about the film was viewed differently . I am a collector of film and my collection numbers in the thousands of titles and this is the only time that I could find no redeeming value in a film and decided to send it on its way to Goodwill . A total waste of money .
 Ever since THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT `` lost footage '' movies have become a genre unto themselves . Some have done well at the box office , some have received no notice and others just exist . Then there are films like APOLLO 18 that use the device well but just sit there.APOLLO 18 is supposed to be comprised of footage that was secreted away after the failed expedition to the moon . So secret was the mission that the blast off was hidden as a mission to launch a satellite rather than a trip to the moon . Even the astronaut 's families were n't told they were going to the moon.All goes well at first . The team gets into space without a problem . The two man team landing on the moon 's surface have a bit of difficulty but manage to land without a hitch . The moon rover works fine and they collect samples without error . But something goes wrong eventually.The two men on the surface come across another space ship on the moon . This one is Russian and something happened . To begin with , no one knew that this ship was here or even that the Russian 's launched a moon expedition . Secondly , the interior of the ship has been trashed . After a bit of searching , the pair follows footsteps that lead them to the dead cosmonaut , his suit ripped and his helmet smashed.Other odd things happen as well . A moon rock supposedly locked away in storage is found in the landing module . The flag they planted disappears . And eventually one of the astronauts comes down with some space disease where he sees things and is wounded.What could have been a film that makes you wonder are they really seeing things or are they hallucinating becomes instead a movie that lets you have glimpses that yes indeed , there are creatures on the moon . These start with things we viewers see in the periphery of the cameras lens , items that are just at the rims of our visibility . Something moves or something falls and while the main characters are n't aware we most certainly are.Eventually the question is posed will NASA try to bring these men back or leave them stranded in space ? Will they allow them to die fearing what they might bring back to Earth or will they rescue them?As with another lost footage film , PARANORMAL ACTIVITY , this one plays off the spooks of being stranded in a world where you have no control over what 's happening around you . Unlike that film it does n't really scare you or make you jump with the exception of one loud noise that surprises you . Whoopee.Confined to a small cabin and a few feet of the moon 's surface , the movie feels cramped and stagnant like the air in the capsule . It does n't offer enough scares to frighten and does n't develop the characters enough to make you feel concern for their plight . Sure we see scenes of them with their families at the beginning but since it was more like home movies we do n't get enough chance to form a bond with them . In so doing we end up just not caring.At the end of the day APOLLO 18 just does n't hold up . It never holds your interest enough . The scares just are n't scary . The `` real life footage '' feels repetitive and the items at the edges make you feel more like you 're playing Where 's Waldo rather than seeing some creature in a space capsule.If you feel the need to see all movies that qualify as horror or all movies that are the `` lost footage '' genre , then you 'll want to rent this one . If not there are plenty of other good movies worth renting . Long before the end of this one I could tell that it was one I 'd never watch again .
 Watched this movie at a friends house . Oh my it was stupid . Found footage , yeah right . Glad I did n't pay to see this trash.Moon rocks are the attacking aliens ... . really stupid .
 The rocks are alive ... stupid . Do n't waste your time on this ... even if it is free.There is nothing interesting about the movie
 This is like `` The Blair Witch Project '' movie , except it looks like they had a bigger budget for special effects and better camera operators . Do n't even waste your time watching this nonsense . There is nothing more I can say about this garbage.Take the money you would have spent on this movie and buy a bottle of Cisco or Mad Dog 20/20 . The three hours that you will spend over the toilet throwing up will be more enjoyable than this movie . Do a net search for `` bum wines '' for more enjoyable fun than this movie .
 There are few movies that I finish and then fervently wish for the past few hours back . This was one of them . To list a few of the issues : The `` found footage '' aspect did not add anything to the movie . I think it 's just a popular style now , and the makers of this movie tried to get onboard . And that may work in some stories ; in this , it made it very difficult to follow . You 'd have a fairly good view of a character , then the camera would shake , the screen would be fuzzy , and you 'd lose a few seconds . It seems like a small issue at first , but when it continues to happen it 's just irritating . The dialogue was often fuzzy and too soft because of this as well . When you 're shooting in something as small as a lander , you want all the camera view you can get . I will say that they at least had a few different camera angles , which was slightly redeeming.For some unfathomable reason , NASA did not provide these guys with flashlights . Spacesuits , food , medical supplies , yes . But when they ventured out in the dark , they had a strobe light that intermittently caught you up on events . It 's a testament to the pathetic storyline that even this failed to the make the movie remotely frightening.The plot failed to advance . Nothing scary happened , and any foreshadowing was rendered meaningless because you could n't see anything , due to the aforementioned issues . The most I can give it is slightly creepy , but you have to sit through way more than half the movie before anything happens . Even then , you do n't really care . The characters were shallow and undeveloped , so their fright or confusion did n't really affect the audience . The threats in the movie were very cliche.I could not recommend against seeing this movie more . It 's thoroughly boring and uneventful . There are no redeeming qualities .
 The movie starts off with `` real footage '' . The story is horrible it relies on cheap thrills and scary music , and quite honestly horrible acting , most of the movie is spent in the L.E.M. so all you get is a bunch of dialogue . Definitely save your money , barely worth watching all the way through . Great idea for a movie , just low budget and horribly executed .
 SPOILER ALERT - SPOILERS MAY FOLLOW -LRB- you have been warned -RRB- I really wanted to like this movie . I like sci-fi and I like the occasional scary movie so even seeing that it was not getting good press I decided to chance it.First off , this is one of those shaky-cam films and that just is n't a good gimmick . The premise is that this is recovered footage , blah blah blah , but it is just a film style that is unpleasant for me , even when it is done well -LRB- and this is not well done -RRB- . There is a lot of blurred video that cuts abruptly and makes it hard to watch . In addition , the audio does n't match what you are seeing . Sure , when someone talks the audio syncs up perfectly , but other times the audio track carries on and on all the time with radio messages while the videos are cutting and jumping all over the place . If the video is cutting then the audio should as well . And it does cut -LRB- complete with ear-numbing pops , squeals and blasts of static -RRB- but it does n't do it at the same time the video does . So not only is it shaky cam but the audio does n't help matters any . It is not a long movie but it is tiring to watch.The movie starts out well enough and builds up the tension steadily but then near the end it just jumps into fast forward and ten minutes later you are done . Watching it feels like a lot of work for very little payoff . Almost as if they spent all their energy just setting up the introduction and then just slammed out an ending as soon as they could.The ending -LRB- and really the whole plot -RRB- is just not that good . This is one of those movies that gives you only a brief glimpse of menace and then never really has it materialize into something you can understand or appreciate . It felt almost like they understood how implausible it all was and so they did n't offer you anything substantial as a way to avoid having you tear holes into it - and boy , you can really tear holes in this movie.The whole premise -LRB- SPOILERS !!! -RRB- is that certain rocks on the moon `` feel odd '' and then sprout legs and attack you when you are about to escape . The Department of Defense , with an unspecified level of help from the Russians , know something is up there killing cosmonauts and so someone at NASA or DOD or something figures they should send some more fresh meat up there without giving them any warning and only the most basic of instructions -LRB- `` hey you , set up these motion cameras in case some Russians happen to walk in front of them '' -RRB- . Not sure what the goal there would be because if they knew there was something up there it would seem like they would want to have a well-informed and well-trained crew to get the most info possible but then you would n't have an Apollo 18 movie so ...
 I have seen better movies as a kid , and to see this at 73 just makes me sad . There is no attention getters or new effects that one would expect with a title like this . All I can say is it is no `` Destination Moon '' where you at least had some exciting things to it . RIP George Pal !!!
 This movie was a complete waste of time and not at all worth watching ! It has a stupid plot and a terrible ending .
 The only reason I give it one star is because Amazon does n't allow negative numbers . This was quite literally the worst movie I have ever seen , beating out even The Blair Witch Project and Paranormal Activity .
 I went to see this movie the weekend it opened . I had high hopes for it as the trailers and TV spots were pretty intense . I love a good consipiracy theory and when it comes to space , I am in for almost any good flick . This has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The so called `` previously classified footage '' was so horribly done and so boring I found myself looking away from the screen out of boredom . The story line was so thin the climax was laughable when you finally get what is going on up there . By the time we got to about minute 50 of the movie two-thirds of the audience had gotten up and left the theater . NASA backed out of any assistance in the making of this trainwreck and they actually need the publicity.I know it is one man 's opinion and I do encourage anyone to see it just so they can weigh in on how much they too wish they had kept their money .
 I hardly know where to begin with this ridiculous movie , but it 's impossible to give it an adequate review without including a few ` spoilers ' , but I doubt they they will diminish the extremely predictable ` twists ' in the plot , most of which have been lifted straight out of other films anyway ... Well , the premise is that some anonymous whistle-blower sent some 40 year old footage to a website , and it is described as being taken from the supposedly cancelled Apollo 18 Lunar Mission whose tragic end has been covered up all this time for -LRB- of course -RRB- ` national security ' reasons . It 's basically the Blair Witch from Outer Space , combined with the worn out theme of infectious crazy zombies -LRB- yep -RRB- and silly killer moon-crabs of some sort . The director throws a very dry bone to the conspiracy-theorists when the ` astronauts ' stumble upon the remains of a Soviet space craft and it 's crew , but it 's really pretty dull , as conspiracy theories go , and only serves to set the stage for the ensuing selenite crab-attacks on the American mission . All this footage somehow makes it 's way back to earth and then finds it 's way into an incredibly dumb movie . I wo n't give away the ending , but after an hour or so , I personally did n't care how it ended , as long as it ended.I guess the reason why I 'm so dissapointed with this film is that I am interested in America 's brief period of moon missions , and I 've always been unsatisfied with the standard answers about why a project that had cost so many billions of dollars was brought to such an abrupt halt . This producers of this film squandered a golden opportunity to make an intelligent ` what-if ' pseudo-documentary about all the reasonable and unanswered questions that have been raised by researchers over the past four decades . What a shameful waste of such a fascinating and controversial subject.As for the attempted realism of this ` documentary ' , it 's pathetically bad , and makes the Blair Witch seem like Shakespeare . The acting is truly a painful thing to experience ... the sort which leaves you squirming in your seat with discomfort . The effects are serviceable enough since the original moon footage was so fake-looking itself , but the actors and aliens are so lame they shatter whatever illusionary effect the film tries to create.Naturally , the reviews of this film are beginning to turn into a referendum on moon-hoax theories rather than the actual pros and cons of the film itself , but I hope some producer takes notice and perhaps one day , attempts a serious , intelligent and REAL documentary dealing with the continuing controversy over the validity of the Apollo lunar missions and their sudden termination.Anyway , whether you 're a conspiracy buff , or just a genuine fan of sci-fi , this film will almost certainly leave you wishing for your time and money back .
 This whole movie you simply wait for things to get cooking ... they never do . And then suddenly it is over and you are bored to tears and sad because everyone is dead . I suggest you save your time and money and watch another movie .
 I wanted to like this movie , I really did.It 's good for the first 30 minutes and then it 's all down hill from there . Seriously , the most entertaining parts of this movie are when they are in the ship and landing it and doing research and gathering the rocks.And the villains of this movie ? Rocks with legs . Seriously that 's it , rocks with legs . Plus they 're about the size of a potato . Really ? Something that I could just step on ? Good lord and if that was n't bad enough , the camera work is just horrible ! I ca n't even see what 's happening ! Stuff like that works for Blair Witch and Paranormal Activity because there is tension that is building and something is actually HAPPENING . In this move there 's nothing going on!It 's just these two guys saying
 The film is terrible - I only watched it to the end because I could not believe anyone could get away with producing something this bad . The idea is a good one - but the movie is so poor I would say only watch if you are compiling a list of the worst movies ever made . Its worse than Event Horizon which is really saying something . Avoid at all costs .
 It takes discipline to sit and watch this video in its entirety . It moved very slowly and the `` Blair Witch Style '' video quality was to say the least , annoying . The story line is a real stretch , but better special effects and better video techniques would have made it mch more enjoyable .
 I hate the idea of horror style.The movie started as theory of conspiracy , bet ended as horror . Disappointing.Russian spacecraft has some Russian words , but make me laugh . Totally incorrect . There was some device called `` Punkt Sderzhannosti '' - translated to English as `` Point of tolerance '' : -RRB-
 Absolutely the worst movie I have ever seen . It was horrible ! Thought it would be really an interesting `` Apollo 13 '' type movie but I found it to be very , very boring . Would not recommend this to anyone . SAVE YOUR BRAIN FOR SOMETHING ELSE , LIKE HOP-SCOTCH OR SOMETHING ...
 Wish i could get my money back ! It was just lame , i wouldnt recommend this movie to anyone ! Im glad i didnt watch this movie in the theater .
 Technically there 's really nothing all that wrong with this film . It uses the `` found footage '' format -LRB- crudely shot amateur video from a single limited point of view as if someone captured it on a home movie camera -RRB- , which is fine and in this case fits the overall intent of the story.Nothing much wrong with the acting either . In fact the performances are quite passable.The visuals and effects work okay as well . Nothing too spectacular was required but what there is works just fine.The problem is n't even with the story itself , though there 's nothing really new here . An Apollo crew goes on a secret mission to the moon and encounters alien creatures.What sinks the entire enterprise is the overall of the project . It is unrelentingly grim , certainly not the sort of thing you want to watch for entertainment.You get the feeling it is something rather dark and unpleasant just by looking at the poster . A previously unknown Apollo moon mission that you 've never heard about before which , logic tells you , must have been lost with all hands . That 's kind of depressing to consider and it 's what you realize just from the poster.Not that it could n't have been a tragedy , like one of the Shakespeare plays were everyone dies in the end , like Romeo & Juliet or Hamlet . Both of those are great works , full of engaging thoughts and idea.But what 's missing in Apollo 18 is any sense of heroism or transcendant sacrifice . Basically it 's a trio of ordinary guys who got lied to by those they work for -LRB- NASA , the US government -RRB- and callously sent to their deaths in the interests of ... well , we never find out why -LRB- another problem -RRB- . Mostly what we get is three guys in a tight spot struggling to stay alive , even though we already know they are all going to die in the end.And they do exactly what real people in such circumstances would do ... panic , rage , totally freak out , try anything they can think of to survive . None of them have any kind of epiphany about the need to sacrifice themselves , none of them do anything particularly noble . They 're just a trio of already doomed guys wasting their time and effort trying to stay alive . That 's not what I would call entertainment . You get about the same feeling you would if you stabbed an animal in the gut and then just watched it suffer and slowly bleed to death.I could consider it an unsuccessful attempt to do what others managed to pull off in the original Director 's cut of `` Butterfly Effect '' . For the theatrical release of that one the studio required the filmmakers to tack on a silly `` happy ending '' which totally negated the entire rest of the story . In the original cut , the lead character dies . But he does so willingly because he understands he must to help or save others , which elevates it to a kind of heroic , nobel self-sacrifice . True , it 's also pretty grim to watch but there is a feeling of something transcendant going on -LRB- despite how unpleasant the outcome is . -RRB- In the case of Apollo 18 there 's no such `` moral '' or `` point '' to things.If you really want to get the major feeling raised by this movie , watch the TV news for the next story about a bunch of miners trapped alive in a collapsed tunnel , where they make it plain there 's no way they 're going to ever be rescued . It feels a lot like that . And the miners would be a lot easier on your wallet , being TV news and thus free .
 AVOID MOVIE!I 'm a sci-fi buff & have seen better films from high school students.The CGI was tepid at best.The producer pieced together old NASA footage with artificial new footage that was made to look worn.YAWN ... The effects were amateur at best.The actors seemed to be standing around waiting to do their parts.HOKIE
 There should be an academy award for the worst movie ever made . This movie 's greatest achievement will be when it eventually biodegrades . A truly horrible waste of time . So horrible that I was going to sit down and write a detailed review as to why it 's so bad ... but I 've wasted enough time on it already . Consider yourself warned .
 This is the most terrible , rotten , stupidist movie I have ever seen . This has replaced my most worst movie on my list . Using old Apollo films then having the stupid idea of secret Apollo mission which means nothing is not even something a 5th grader would think of . The worst thing is what I payed for it . Another bad thing is making it sound like another good movie like Apollo 13 . Apollo 13 was very good and accurate . Dirty trick to make this sound like another good Apollo movie . Made me sick ...
 So stupid do not waste your time . Not real footage . Aliens on the moon looked like crabs and spiders . Horrible acting and no score so the movie is extremely dry .
 For an 88 minute film , this movie seemed much longer ! I do n't usually bash on peoples work so I 'm going to try not to here but ... well , that might be a little too hard not to do . I hated this movie . Hated it . And I knew I would from the moment it started . I 'm a big `` found footage '' movie fan . I 'd happily watch Paranormal Activity any day of the week . However ` Apollo 18 ' I could n't watch again to save my life ! Ok , that 's not true but you get the point . I 'm warning you now , if you have n't seen it , SPOILERS!So , this movie is about these three guys that go to the moon on a secret mission . They ca n't tell their families or anything . So the movie is super boring in the beginning . I actually almost contemplated turning it off 5 minutes in . Anyways , two guys on the moon and some other dude is like ... orbiting around it waiting for them . So the two guys on the moon are doing ... space things . And then all of a sudden there is a dead Russian ... and a Russian ship . So scary ... And then , OMG there are killer ... rocks ? WHAT ? lol . Ok ? So , it was lame . rocks ... yup . These people must have had a HUGE budget ... I mean rocks ... those are pretty rare right?Needless to say , this movie sucks . And although I only paid $ 1.20 for it at Redbox , I 'd still like my $ 1.20 back . In all fairness I jumped at one part ... and it was n't even scary it was just the two guys fooling around and one of them scares the other . Scariest part in the entire film . I 'm very interested to hear what other people thought of ` Apollo 18 ' so if you 've seen it , please comment and let me know !
 While I will not give away the ` plot ' of the movie , just in case you really want to waste your time and see it yourself , I will advise you to rent this movie from a dollar a day rental store . Otherwise , you are paying too much to see what amounts to nothing . Plus , if you have spent money to buy a hi-def television , this movie will irritate you even more , since you will spend the whole movie thinking you are back in 1982 ... with a broken 8mm movie reel ... static , film spots and all.I 'll admit that the movie sounded like it might be interesting when I read the back of it at the video store . I became wary when all the previews were for zombie movies , -LRB- bad zombie movies at that -RRB- but figured , ok . I rented a horror movie , I should expect them to preview other horror movies . However , this is not a horror movie , unless you would put `` The Goonies '' in the horror section . My seven year old daughter would have loved this movie , and she would n't have blinked an eye or worried one bit about being scared.I have to agree with another reviewer who said the whole `` found footage '' thing is getting old . The sad thing is , when I was done watching the movie -LRB- yes , I watched it all , unfortunately -RRB- I thought , Gee , too bad . This could have been a much better movie . The whole premise of ` scary stuff on the moon ' could have been a thriller , if it had been done right.All in all , do yourself a favor and do n't buy this movie until you have rented it first . Otherwise you may find yourself staring at the television drooling from the lack of brain stimulation you just experienced .
 I saw the trailers for this movie . I love science fiction so it looked like it would be really good to see . Oh my gosh was I wrong ! It was the most boring story , horribly acted , and cheaply done ! I was n't sure I could stand staying for the whole movie ! I think it was the worst movie I 've ever seen except for `` European Gigolo . ''
 WHY did they waste our time ?? Bad movies always crop up now and then -LSB- ie -- Killer Tomatoes -RSB- but this one seems to think its a serious contender -- there are so many mysterious things about the moon that could have been used -LSB- see - ` Someone Else is On The Moon ' -RSB- -- instead they go the route of ` killer rocks ' -- I know they were low budget but this is just ridiculous ...
 Rarely do I regret spending money on a movie , even if I do n't like it . This one ? I feel as if I was cheated . Horrible . Buyer beware .
 If you bought into the hype of Blair Witch Project , you will absolutely love this . Nonexistent story , constant camera moves for distraction , and some of the worst acting since Drive Angry .
 In space no one can hear you yawn . What an utterly boring , uneventful , corny movie . Blair Witch was brilliant , Cloverfield was well done , but by Paranormal Activity it was proven that the gimmick of recovered footage was n't enough to carry a movie-it needs a good story . Believe me , this is NOT a good story . I kept waiting for the movie to begin ... and then it was over . The only thing that this had going for it was that it 's short .
 This is the Blair Witch on the moon but without the story & good acting ... -LRB- insert sarchasm here -RRB- . If you are going to watch this movie put some Vicks on your upper lip to cover the smell .
 So stupid , one of the weird movie ever , shacking camera all the way , the story is long very long before to get to the rocks eaters -LRB- witch is unbelievably stupid -RRB- , so at the end , it s only the last 20mn that you know that the moon 's rock are the devil , and they do not have even the shape of a monster , they are still rocks ... I DO NOT RECOMMAND THIS MOVIE !!
 The movie is more than an hour talk inside a Space cabin.Boring , no dynamics , one of the most boring movies I saw about space travels.Avoid .
 This movie was boring untile it got to the end . I 'm not really big on this type of filming . i will admit one thing that , that could of and possibly happend and like it said nasa just wanted it all hush hush , but i really did n't see any real footage it was all acted and staged . they should n't anounce that this was actual footage when it is only a publicity stunt . i mean there was some actuall footage but they made it sound like the whole thing was real . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do n't
 Had this annoying , `` flashing '' movie not given me a serious headache it would have put me to sleep . The shaky camera syndrome goes over the top with constant pops of static , electrifying flashes of light , fadeouts and rolling flips ... all to the point of nausea . The camera never stops bobbing , dipping and weaving . We 're supposed to believe this is actual lost footage of a real moon mission , but we had much better camera technology back then.The astronauts are sent the moon , without flashlights , I might add . They land within walking distance of a failed Russian craft with its innards ripped apart . There 's blood all over the place . The astronauts discover a mummified Russian cosmonaut in the bottom of a crater . A moon rock is embedded in his suit.NASA knowingly put the expendable astronauts in harms way . They sent them up there to die . Nasa never had a plan to return them to Earth . Soooo , who retained the film footage that made this movie possible , especially considering that the entire ship blew up ? The ending is predictable and lacking in creativity . It 's absolute rubbish from the first frame to the last.There 's no point in going on about it . I do n't want to give away the secret of the moon rocks , just in case someone decides to buy or rent this mess . Luckily , I only rented it for a couple of bucks . Trash movies like this are the reason I no longer spend big bucks at the theaters .
 Remember the Blair Witch Project ... well they reminded me of it . Your really did n't much of the aliens but you kinda of know they'er out there . I bought the movie cheap -LRB- thank God -RRB- but have no interest in sharing it with family and friends .
 Essentially a slow-moving horror movie with a sad ending . Giant alien ticks on the moon -LRB- that masquerade as moon rocks at first -RRB- attack , infest and infect an astronaut mission and then they suffer and die . And ca n't come home so as not to spread it . And the astronaut supplies only include a strobe light , not a regular flashlight , for dark corners -LRB- like NASA did n't have flashlights then -RRB- . Jeez . Where 's my shotgun?We already have real life horror story with deadly ticks right here on earth , that inject antibiotic-resistant destructive diseases worldwide and in the US - borrelia , babesia , bartonella , erlichia , etc. . These are increasing research and clinical problems on all our continents and islands - real , not fictitious , nightmares that can cause prolonged suffering , and most of these bugs hide inside cells and can not be permanently killed off even after the lucky people get it to remiss . Who the f - needs a slow moving horror movie about something similar ? We got horror right here on earth .
 This movie is unbelievably boring and the acting is atrocious . Not for one second did I think these `` astronauts '' were actually in space ... more like a bunch of first-time actors in a studio behind a green screen . This movie was atrocious !
 if you have nothing to do & you `` ARE DEAD '' ... -LRB- still do n't waste your time -RRB- . You will have a more enjoyable time reading the dictionary .
 When I saw the TV spots for this movie I knew what was going to happen crazy things were going to happen & everybody dies like any other 1st person found footage horror movie . Other than The Blair Witch Project & a few others I 'm tired of these movies as much as I am torture p or n. I was right about the ending everyone dies & Bob Weinstein said `` We did n't shoot it we found it . '' Yeah why do n't you & your brother go find the 25 or 70 minutes of footage that you cut out of Crow City Of Angels . Directed by Gonzalo Lopez Gellego who has n't directed anything of note . Stars Warren Christe as Ben Anderson , Lloyd Owen as Nathan Walker & Ryan Robbins as John Grey . Story is 3 crew members of Apollo 18 have been sent on a `` secret '' mission on The Moon by The Defense Department . They find a Russian Space Shuttle & find a dead Cosmonaut . Basically this movie is very boring . Weird s h i t happens Commander Walker & Lietutenant Grey look around . Walker feels something moviing in his suit you know scratch where it itches . Ben Anderson grabs Walker & finds a rock in his side . Walker denies what happend & becomes infected . Lietutenant Grey is abroad Freedom & ca n't contact Houston . Walker goes crazy & damages the system controls . Now this is a ripoff of Alien & The Thing not Levithan that was a homoage . They need to get to The Russian Shuttle to try & escape . Walker to run & stay so he wo n't risk infecting anyone . Walker is pulled into a crater . Anderson looks for him but these bad CGI spider rock creatures come alive he runs to The Russian Shuttle & contacts The DOD & they tell him he will die they ca n't rescue him . Cutting to the chase everybody dies & the movie passes it off as a real event . This will make my list of the worst of the year . Gonzalo Lopez Gellego did n't do a good job directing . & I agree with critics for once . Unfortantly it made it 's money back . Apollo 18 I do n't recommend .
 Some of the reviews for this movie claim it is made from `` found footage '' . There is virtually no found footage in the movie besides a few rocket blast offs . Just about everything else is new footage made to look old by jumping sprockets , bad focusing , flashing lights and other retro touches . It is really easy to tell all the found footage is fake . Just about all of the movie is supposed to be filmed inside the lunar module on the surface of the moon or actually on the surface of the moon . Unfortunately the producers did n't realize that gravity on the moon is 1/7th that of the gravity on earth . Yet the astronauts sleep in a hammock , sit down in the module , set things down to rest in the module and do a 100 other things that would never occur in a reduced gravity situation . This is a disaster movie but for all the wrong reasons .
 Oy ... Just when you think you 've seen the worst of the found-footage films out there , along comes Apollo 18 , As of this writing it 's already out on cable , and man am I glad that I did n't spend the extra money to watch this in the theater or on DVD.The concept ? Apollo 18 is cancelled circa 1974 ... or is it ? Perhaps it actually launched as a secret Department of Defense mission , so secret that the crew may not even be aware of why they are really heading to the moon . Once at the moon they embark on their supposed mission , but find that there is more to the task than what they signed up for.It 's unfortunate that there 's currently not a running format likeTales from the Cryptthat writers and directors can go to in order to present cool concepts like the one in Apollo 18 , because this movie would have made a pretty good 26 minute short versus the hour and 26 minute long feature film . All of the story content and action could easily have been condensed into less than a half hour , which -- done the right way -- could have made for a creepy , edge of your seat thrill of a ride . But after 90 minutes of jumpy , static-filled , hand-held camera work with only moments of action at a time ... the only time I found myself on the edge of my seat was as I was slipping off my couch in a doze.Sio if there 's absolutely nothing else on TV and you see that Apollo 18 is starting on one of the premium cable channels , well ... you can see for yourself whether I am right or wrong . But do not wait for regular TV to watch Apollo 18 ; add commercials to this film , and you will be hard pressed to make all the way through .
 When I watched this movie I thought it had great potential . The whole idea is great . The execution is terrible . It 's very slow moving . There 's no action and it 's not scary either . One thing that bugged me is how long it took for the characters to do one simple task . I understand that people move slow in zero gravity . But the plot of this movie is n't subject to gravity . So why the heck did it move so slow too . When they finally encountered the aliens I got excited . But was soon let down . Please do n't waste hard earned money or valuable time on this movie .
 Good sf movies are few and far between . So are horror movies . Good horror sf movies are even more rare . Sorry but Apollo 18 was not a good sf or horror for me.Spoiler : The basic theme seems sound
 Although Apollo 18 is fairly okay as a science-fiction/horror film , anyone with a little common sense will not believe in its authenticity . For one , it contains the classic alien spider that is in some other science fiction movies . For another , they never tell how the so-called found footage made it from the moon back to earth . And telling of all , why would so-called authentic footage contain four different alternate endings ? if something happens in real life , one can not say , `` I do n't like the way this went . I think I 'll make a different ending.I may have given it more than two stars if they had come up with some sort of original alien . The movie is okay if you like those type . But it 's not the kind of film I would go out of my way to watch again .
 Yet another `` found footage '' genre movie , `` Apollo 18 '' with its intriguing premise about the cancelled Apollo 18 mission has potential for a better sci-fi thriller . Co-produced by Timur Bekmambetov -LRB- `` Night Watch '' `` Wanted '' -RRB- , the mocumentary tells the story of three astronauts and their `` top secret '' mission on the moon in the `` Paranormal Activity '' fashion , but the end result is a dull and thrill-less 86-minute ride.Those who are expecting something intelligent like `` Forbidden Planet '' or , more recently , `` Moon '' will be disappointed with how the film , of which opening is surely promising , quickly turns into a series of set-pieces that are unimaginative and predictable , heavily dependent on cheap fright techniques . Directed by Gonzalo Lopez-Gallego , `` Apollo 18 '' is visually impressive , with footage that looks authentic , but its storytelling is just boring.The film needs someone like Duncan Jones , who knows how to grab our attention by effectively developing the film 's original concept , or perhaps a more conventional narrative style that does not rely on frequent POV shots .
 I watched Apollo 18 at the theaters about a week after it came out and I was n't very impressed . I am a die-hard science-fiction fan and the space/alien genre is probably my favorite . The movie has an interesting premise , a secret Apollo mission is sent to the moon to investigate the possibility of a successful Russian mission only to fall prey to some hidden creature . The story , however , ends up being not really that fascinating , and the source of the horror is laughable.Despite it being mediocre , if you are a fan of space horror and do n't mind the `` moving-camera '' effects , then this movie may be watchable to you .
 Some cool scenes but just a bunch of weird stuff not connected to one another and way to many issues with the movie.I get the idea and what they were going for , but they failed to make a movie , rather it 's just like watching youtube video -LRB- s -RRB- out of order .
 Now I know why the price was so cheap . Slow , boring , and poorly written , directed , and , acted . I should have believed the reviews this time .
 It was a lousy movie . It did n't make much sense . I 'm sorry I bought it.and I wish I could give it away but know one wants it .
 Snooze fest from beginning to the moon walking end . Sorry , a waste of a sci fi budget . This should have been called `` what would Mtv moon man do in space with an alien ! ''
 The movie was short , nothing gets resolved ... basically a rock that turns into a spider alien thing . Everyone dies in the end and while it did keep my interest , that was only because I thought I would find out what was happening at the end .
 We ordered this on pay per view last night !! I agreed because I knew my husband really gets into space stuff and NASA . This movie was not what I thought it was going to be . The last 10 minutes was best oart and honestly those were not all that great .
 Interesting plot line , but the emphasis on realism resulted in an annoyingly chopping viewing experience . Since this was an attempt at actual taped footage , I suggest that viewers forgo the extra buck to order in HD . The clarity added is n't worth it .
 Wow , this is so bad!I usually LOVE this kind of movies . Anything about astronauts stuck on other planets or the moon.I saw `` Moon '' and thought was OK and after watching the previews for this one , I thought they were going to come up with something more exciting . They tried , but the `` actual footage '' is actually soooo boring . The plot could 've been written by a 12yo . And the `` the bad things '' are just bad special effects.I left the theater almost angry for spending my time watching this movie.Watch `` Moon '' instead for a better story development or revisit Alien to remind you of how good movies used to be !!!
 I am a long time SF fan . Since the 1950s . I know SF . I have to say this ranks as one of the WORST SF movies I have ever seen . It is horrible . Do n't waste your time or money on this pig . It fails at each step . Acting - pathetic , Script - pathetic , Science - pathetic , Cinematography - pathetic , Story line - WHAT LINE ?
 another stupid movie done with a camcorder . WHY ? ANd the stupid aliean , tiny little rock crabs , you see only two times for about 30 seconds each ... I am so glad I only had to pay 3.99 on pay per view to see this stupid movie . just as bad as district 9 , and that had potential to be good , if the whole thing wasnt done with a camcorder . I wish they had negative stars , then it would be a -5 for sure . hey you have been warned ...
 Terribly boring movie with bad , black and white , choppy footage . The story is a bit ridiculous , blood thirsty creatures on the moon . It seemed like another zombie movie , basically . They could easily just call this movie Quarantine 3 and get away with it.It might have been better if they did n't try to make this a `` found footage '' movie . Watching bad quality , black and white , choppy scenes was n't pleasant and it takes down my rating quite a bit .
 On paper , Apollo 18 sounds pretty awesome
 What an awful movie . Glad I rented it and did n't buy it . That would have been far worse ! I should have read the reviews before ordering it .
 Not worth the full price . Wait for it to -LRB- soon -RRB- show up in the $ 5.99 Blu-Ray bin . It is kinda of boring -LRB- and I 'm a space/NASA geek -RRB- .
 This movie is so bad I felt cheated . Apart from the lame premise of the movie , the characterization of the two astronauts is just plain insulting to those in the program .
 The movie is technically very well done , but has a poor premise . Aliens which mimic Moon rocks ? Which live in space but can function just fine in an atmosphere , and which happen to be able to eat humans ? What do they normally live on and how is it they can digest us , when they are n't native to our planet ? Also the military sent them there but then refused to let them return with the organisms they were presumably sent to bring back ? I do n't get it . -LRB- Maybe they were trying to avoid getting too close to the premise in Aliens . -RRB- Also , the idea of these space beasties attacking astronauts on the Moon was reminiscent of the movie Red Planet , almost like the idea was borrowed from there.That said , the producers obviously did their homework . The moonwalks etc. look very realistic -LRB- though the guys do seem to be walking in Earth gravity from time to time -RRB- . The Soviet lander was right , which is impressive since it 's pretty obscure , and it was indeed a one-man lander and was called the LK . The fact that the astronauts identified it as an `` LK-Proton '' is curious -LRB- since the Proton is a rocket , not a spacecraft -RRB- , but it would be understandable that a 1970s astronaut would n't have all the terminology right since the Soviet lunar program was top secret . A Soviet lunar landing , had one actually happened , probably would have been lifted on Proton rockets -LRB- since the N1 Moon rocket was a failure -RRB- -- also , the Soviets ' unmanned lunar flyby tests were lifted on Proton rockets.I would really like to give this 2.5 stars , because it 's so well-done technically ; too bad half stars are n't available . But given a choice of a 2 or a 3 , I come down on a 2 because the movie 's plot is so far-fetched .
 I have been reviewing on Amazon for 13 years , have posted almost 1600 reviews , including those for several hundred movies , am a former Top 50 reviewer -LRB- under the original ranking system , not the new one , which rates you higher the more positive votes you get , and so discourages more objective and especially justifiably negative reviews -RRB- , and this is one of the few times I 've ever given anything a one-star review.First of all , I admit to being easily entertained when it comes to movies and am not that critical of them usually , and if a movie has ANYTHING going for it at all I usually rate it three stars . To earn a two-star or one-star rating from me a movie really has to be almost incredibly bad with practically no redeeming qualities at all.Unfortunately I have to admit that this movie manages that in spades . If the movie was actually worth watching , the shaky , jerky , amateurish camera work a la the `` Blair Witch Project '' and other similar `` found footage '' movies might have been forgivable , but in this case just manages to make the increasingly implausible and nonsensical plot and story line even more annoying to watch . < < Spoiler alert !!! >> Three astronauts are sent to the moon on a dangerous secret mission without being told by the DOD what they 're up against . This makes no sense at all . We know this since the deputy director of defense admits they understood the situation and what happened to the Russian astronauts before the American astronauts arrived.As time goes on -LRB- at least the movie does a decent job of building up the suspense , I 'll give it that much -RRB- the threat is eventually revealed to be a bizarre new life form that looks like ordinary moon rocks -- except that they can suddenly sprout legs , climb into your space suit , and eat your face . Horrors.When the you-know-what hits the proverbial fan -LRB- hard to do in an airless environment but this movie manages even that -RRB- the director tells the two remaining astronauts that they 've been contaminated and that they ca n't be recovered . Really ? Maybe they should have told them the Russian astronauts had encountered a deadly threat so that they could have taken steps to protect themselves in the first place.The desolate Lunar landscape is rendered realistically , though , as well as the interior scenes of the landing module . At least that much came off well . But the movie takes a long time to ramp up and once it gets going -- basically in the last 30 minutes -- it 's almost over . Fortunately.As an homage to the sci-fi and horror genre of the 50s and 60s with its cheesy monsters , bad acting , silly plots , and hokey special effects , this movie might be forgivable , but even `` Plan 9 from Outer Space '' manages to be entertaining in its bumbling sort of way , which this movie is not . If you 're looking for `` Plan 101/2 from Outer Space '' then this movie might be for you . Otherwise commit it to the depths of space from whence hopefully it will never return -- or at least , like Haley 's Comet -- only once every 76 years . ; - -LRB-
 Shaky camera , poor actors , and budget special effects.I do n't think anyone is trying anymore to make good horror movies . Watch Moon if you want quality movie . One dollar from redbox deserves two stars
 Do you find yourself watching `` The Blair Witch Project '' over and over again , saying to yourself `` man , I just ca n't get enough of this faux reality style of film making ? But , why ca n't someone make a fake reality show in outer space ? '' . Well , your wait is over ! Apollo 18 has the all the acting talent and cinematic excellence of my uncle 's home vacation videos coupled with the special effects grandeur of cable access TV .
 I originally saw this film displayed at the checkout counter at Rite Aid , so my expectation of the film was low . I bought it realizing that sometimes these unknown films are hidden treasures . Apollo 18 was not one of those films . The one thing I have to commend the filmmakers for was creating a realistic depiction of the 70 's space program . The grainy simulated stock footage certainly gave the impression the footage was actually from the 70s . I should mention the production design and the simulated lunar surface have never been more realistically created as they are in this film . The filmmakers obviously studied meticulously the Apollo flights , which are now approaching forty years old . Obviously , the filmmaker 's eye for realism was done in order to make this a realistic horror film in the tradition of the Blair witch project , and several paranormal activity movies.However , Apollo 18 falls short in the area of drama . There are only a few shocks in the film , while the rest of the story malingers on . Apparently , the astronauts along with a Soviet counterpart craft are sent to the moon to expose a contaminated life form . The astronaut 's nemesis turns out to be spider-like creatures that hatch out of lunar rocks . To say this is ludicrous is an understatement . For the rest of the film basic science is thrown out the window and replaced with cheap thrills . The spider creatures themselves are generic looking CGI effects . The rest of the film resembles Alien , where the space spiders chase the hapless astronauts through the ship . None of the astronauts are allowed home.How could the filmmakers in this day and age even contemplate any living organism on the moon ? Maybe if the film was set on Mars it would at least be a bit more believable . This plot scenario would have worked better in the 50s , but today it is just silly . Then again there are those who still believe we did not land on the moon . Maybe this is the type of film they would enjoy .
 I kind of felt like I was ripped off after watching this movie and I saw it for free . It was not a good film , lacked substance and originality and they did n't even sew on the NASA patch correctly on one of the space suits which was a little bit humorous . I love a good science fiction movie but the only part that was good about this one was I did not have to pay to see it in a theater and thus I gave it two stars instead of one only for that reason .
 Astronauts go to the Moon.Astronauts find Soviet landing craft.Astronauts are overcome by space alien spiders.Astronauts are not allowed back to Earth because they are contaminated.Everyone dies.In all this stupidness , just who collects all the video footage that most likely blew up with the landing craft hit the orbiting space craft?All these handheld cameras and their footage would have been blown up . For the sake of argument . Lets say the did n't blow up . Anyone sent to collect them would have been contaminated as well.Thanks for a waste of 86 minutes of my life I 'll never get back .
 OK , it could have been interesting ... but . I was bored to tears . The plot made no sense , the ` found footage ' was annoying as the only images AND -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- based on the ending , HOW ARE WE WATCHING THIS ?!?!? The last title in the film talked about how moon rock samples have been stolen or are missing - what a wonderful twist if that had been revealed about half way thru the movie . Think of all the mysteries that could lead to !
 A friend told us this movie was scary and awesome . It was neither . Whoever came up with this should just quit their job , cuz they suck at it .
 I heard such great reviews on this movie from many different people . They were aparently full of it . This movie is such a let down , and i ca n't believe i wasted my hard earned money on it .
 I tried twice . The first time I fell asleep . Or possibly I passed out from boredom . The second time I affirmatively turned it off . Too much shaky camera . Too much lack of action.Real dreck !!!
 and just as interesting as watching actual space footage . NASA did some Apollo missions to the moon , most notably Apollo 11 and 13 , others were canceled due to budget reasons and the last official Apollo mission was 17 done in 1972 . According to this film though there was a secret mission in 1974 where a couple of astronauts went up to the moon thanks to the U.S. Dept. of Defense 's money and they go to the south side of the moon.Of course according to the makers this is actual NASA footage uncovered in 2011 and shows the reason we 've never gone back to the crater filled moon over our planet . After landing they goof around a bit on the surface then weird things start to happen , like scary noises , odd shadows and shapes appearing out of the corner of their eye and the typical horror cliches as both guys freak out as they are by themselves against an unknown terror.This movie is not what I would call an artistic success , due to the PG-13 rating there 's a lot of cuts from anything reasonably scary , most of the time the camera goes all static or blank when something terrifying is supposed to be occuring . The acting is pretty blah and there 's not much of note worth mentioning , so I would avoid it like the plague . * out of 4 stars .
 What 's it about?Old footage reveals the fate of three astronauts during the secret ` Apollo 18 ' mission and the reason the U.S never went back to the moon.Is it any good?Apollo 18 is another `` found footage '' film that is for the most part dull and boring . Following in the footsteps of ` Blair Witch ' and ` Paranormal Activity ' , this movie suffers the same fate with a series of `` somes '' . Some suspense , some horror but just when you think you 're about to soil your seat , the moment is devoured by the usual shaky camera shit that renders confusion as you shrug your shoulders and shriek out a big `` what the hell is happening ! '' . Honestly , why do they persist with the found footage style ? This films only redeeming feature is the nice visuals which capture the moon 's dark lunar surface giving off an eerie feeling of hopeless isolation as paranoid astronauts Christie and Owen battle Russian conspiracies and an alien menace . Unfortunately by the time this alien menace revealed itself I was fighting my own battle with boredom.Best bit?Just watch the trailer , that has all the best bits!Did you know?The script was constantly re-written during the shooting of the movie .
 Interesting concept that poorly executed . What if there was Apollo 18 and something went so negatively wrong that we were not informed . Such as moon cooties.I rarely give anything one star as just making it usually has some redeeming value . However this time it looks like I 've got to change my mind ; this presentation was slow-paced , ridiculous in concept , and did not even try to mask how dumb was . I 'm afraid to say too much more because it is just so so negative.The DVD I watched has : Deleted scenes and alternate scenesAlternate endingsFeature commentary Nith director and editor
 The story-line had a lot of holes in it . The movie was written as if it were an expose of the DOD hiding an expedition to the moon . The suspension of disbelief is a requirement to make the movie interesting . Unfortunately , there were too many obvious flaws to make that possible for more than brief periods . The entire amount of action or drama is easily exceeded in the first five minutes of most mediocre sci-fi or action movies . Not wretched , but definitely disappointing in a Cloverfield way , only worse .
 I 'm a big fan of the Space Program , followed all the launches in the early 60 's as a child , the Gemini Launches , The Apollo Launches , I cried when the Apollo 1 Astronauts died in the fire , was devastated when the Challenger exploded 73 seconds after liftoff and was heartbroken when Columbia broke up on re-entry . I enjoyed Apollo 13 Immensely as a movie , although , I thought what happened to the astronauts in real life was nothing short of heart stopping but I thought it was very well done , the acting was superb and it brought to the screen one of the most riveting moments in NASA History at that point.All that being said , we come to Apollo 18 , the biggest problem with this movie is it does n't offer ANYTHING fresh in the way of an idea for a great plot ... I 'm going to paraphrase here ... `` the government sent Apollo 18 to the moon on a top secret military funded project and shot film of the mission , this movie is the result of the film '' or words to that effect.GEE , this sounds like deja Vu all over again , did n't we hear this in The Blair Witch Project and other films that followed it many years ago ? . In short , this movie sucked big time , Major Disappointment , IF YOU MUST see this movie , Rent it and go into it with your expectations LOW and I 'm talking Barometric pressure readings LOW enough to cause an EF-5 Tornado because if you do , you just may be able to sit through the whole thing without turning it off , if you do n't , well , YOU 'VE BEEN WARNED !
 Could n't get past the first 15 minutes and just had to stop . Horrible quality . I should have read reviews prior to buying . My bad !
 So exactly how do you find `` lost footage '' when the mission crew and the cameras never return to Earth ? I 'm a little lost on that point . Other than that , this is a not-so-good movie . Good closing scene though .
 Every astronaut should be INSULTED by this cheap flick . DRAMATIC ACTING it is , and HORRENDOUS to behold . a PATHETIC EXCUSE to compare scifi drama and match with the finest in human spaceflight . then the language is for `` R '' rating . i didnt even finish movie . i paid full bill and STIL deleted this PUKE . if you are looking for cheap horror flick drama ; this is your thing . if you 're looking for a dramatization of real or similar to real events or possibilities ; KEEP YOUR MONEY !! its not even worth the rent to even look at it . the actors actually are decent , but shot their careers with this piece of garbage . ok , more than 20 words of disdain ??? ok , i 'm done . do something FAR BETTER with your money ; go buy a CANDY BAR or something ...
 that 's all I can say ... BORING !!! Not only was the story boring but it was all video taped as if you 're watching a video on NASA .
 this should not be called a movie i have just had 18 dallors stollen from me i mean its like watching something made 50 yrs ago if you want to be really pissed order this piece of crap it dont even rate a 0 its awful people
 Terrible and extremely boring . Do not waste your time watching this movie . Completely and utterly worthless . I kept waiting for it to get better , but it did not .
 This movie could be really interesting but it just takes too long for the plot to develop . The extras do n't give you a whole lot more about the movie . They recover the tapes but I do n't know how if we have n't send any more missions to the moon .
 This movie was fantastic . Tom Hanks goes ... wait , wrong movie ... . this movie is horrible . Apparently Apollo 17 was the last time anyone went to the moon ... officially . A secret mission went underway in 1974 ? Apollo 18 . 3 Astronauts where sent to the moon to plant some sort of spy device ... only they discover that may not have been the reason they where sent there after all , especially when they discover something else might be on the moon with them?That may sound interesting , but let me tell you , for most of the movie , you are just bored to death waiting for something to happen as you are treated to annoying sound effects of heavy breathing and what sounds like someone dropping a coin into the porcelain rim of a toilet bowl . What this movie needed was for Jason Voorhees to pop up and say '' ... '' and then slaughter these guys 5 mins into the movie and end it right there , but instead you have to sit through the done to death boring scenes where a small shadow or a blurry image show up now and then before you see what is actually happening ... which is not worth the wait , it 's a stupid idea , and I wish I could just say what it is so you too can hear how lame it sounds , but that would be spoiling the movie for anyone who wants to go against me and check out the film anyway.It must be a pretty boring time for movies if this was the one that sounded the most interesting amongst what is currently a new release . I may not always review every movie I see , I just review the ones I have something to say about them , but by all means , do n't check this one out over `` Thats my boy '' , `` Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter '' or `` Avengers '' ... man , this one makes the last 3 look like all time greats already compared to this snore fest.Had there been a lot more to choose from at the present time , I probably would have skipped this , seeing it 's DVD cover description as `` This is actual footage an actual event that you where never supposed to see or hear about '' ... yeah , the ole `` Blair Witch Project '' advertising that comes about from someone saying , `` Your daily 's look crap , no one will watch it . '' Response
 Bunch of BUNK !! Fell asleep part ways into it . Woke up during it , and sadly watched it to it 's -LRB- glad it 's finally over -RRB- end . Conclusion
 Apollo 18 was really bad . I am a big fan of sci-fi and NASA but this was really the pits .
 apollo 18 is a hard movie to follow . it was not well made but i still found it interesting . i think they need to remake this one . i beleive in this vast universe we can not be alone and this movie in my opinion was not worth the price .
 I am trying to watch this Movie from 4 days and got sleep after watching 30 min . It is a never ending Movie for me
 It 's 1974 and the world has lost interest in lunar exploration . The government , however , still has plans for the moon . So they send Captain Ben Anderson -LRB- Warren Christie -RRB- , Commander Nate Walker -LRB- Lloyd Owen -RRB- , and Lieutenant Colonel John Grey -LRB- Ryan Robbins -RRB- to bring those plans to fruition . However , their attempts to do so are impeded by one terrifying unforeseen complication . They are not alone.The found-footage style film is not entirely flawed . There are those who liked The Blair Witch Project and saw it as genius . I was n't one of them and I have n't met anyone who is , but I 'm almost positive they exist . And if you 're someone who saw The Blair Witch Project and thought the only way to make it better would be to add aliens , have it take place 20 years earlier and on the moon , no doubt you 'll love this movie . I , on the other hand , saw it as flawed and boring from start to finish and will not be watching again on cable , home video or any other medium barring some sort of coercion . Say a gun to my head .
 This is quite simply the worst movie that I can at least remember watching . I 've sat through some boring ones which have all had for the most part either some interesting , personal or humorous points to them and I can safely say in my opinion this had none of those . I 'm no movie critic at all , do n't get me wrong . I 'm not going to get in depth about how directors should or should n't have done their jobs better or this and that differently , I just know this was a bad movie and I 'm leaving it pretty much at that . I actually think this is my first movie review on amazon . What I can say is there was no `` personal '' factor in this movie at all . They did a poor job making the characters likable , and through the entire movie it was hard to feel sorry for anyone because of that . I still ca n't figure out who the lead role was , it seemed for the most part to be equally spread out between the two `` main '' characters . I am a huge sci fi fan when it comes to extra terrestrials , I am also a big universe and the cosmos lover as well . I put 2 and 2 together thinking I 'd like this and boy was I ever wrong . It was like Alien meets arachnaphobia meets Blair witch project . My wife and I literally were offended when it was over that we wasted time that could have been well invested elsewhere on this one . I do n't recommend it at all . Unless you borrowed it for free , but you 'd still feel ripped off . A prime example why I wait until movies are affordable enough from a rental standpoint and do n't waste the 30.00 driving to the movies . The only reason I gave this 2 stars is because I feel like 1 star is the equivalent to saying I hate you to someone . That 's just downright mean . 2 stars for the fact that someone can make a movie . I know I ca n't .
 Great premise for a movie , that never got any traction . Too jumpy to let a story develop , so the `` footage '' style never hit home . I 'm a big sci-fi fan , but this ? ... pass
 Yeah , I was very disappointed with this . Such a great premise ultimately wasted - in my opinion . If you 're a fan of the Blair Witch type ` found/recovered ' footage thing , this is for you . I was ok with it up to a point , but then it became irritating . A little of that goes a long ways but they went way past the jumpy blurry wrecked-edit threshold . On the plus side , it was a great recreation and the mood was definitely creepy . I got a sense , no matter how contrived , of what it might be like to be there under those conditions . As many other people have commented , do n't bother with a Blu-ray version
 Just rented this PPV movie and should have read the reviews here more closely . Supposedly true ? I highly doubt it and I am a big Sci-Fi fan . Lunar spiders ? Give me a break ! If you are an ADD/ADHD teen , then this is for you . Not for me .
 I 'll be honest , I 'm not much of a horror affictionado , though I do enjoy a good scare once in a while . I do enjoy sci-fi , for what it 's worth . This movie . . while nicely filmed and acted , was just . . not . . very . . scary .
 I read the reviews before renting it - very glad I only rented it enstead of buying it - the reviews posted seemed to think it was worth watching . I could n't DISAGREE more . One of the WORST movies I have ever seen . Terrible filmography and ridiculous story arc . Rocks coming to life in the shape of little killer crabs without some explanation of how they can exist in space ? ... Stupid , moronic filmmaking . Do n't waste your time or money on this trash .
 this movie realy suck!I thought it was going to get better , it was almost as if someone video taped it on their camcorder .
 There are enjoyable bad movies that make you laugh and then there are bad movies that make you curse for wasting your hard earned money . Apollo 18 is the latter . The premise is that moon rocks are deadly aliens waiting to turn you into blood dripping guys with blood shot eyes ! I guess whoever wrote the screenplay of this godforsaken movies could n't quite make up their minds
 The Apollo 13 mission was a piece of cake compared to `` Apollo 18 '' . Taking the `` found footage '' and conspiracy theor to absurd extremes , the makers of `` Apollo 18 '' propose that the space program continued AFTER Apollo 17 and a secret DOD mission was sent up to set up ICBM monitoring devices on the moon . There was one problem . The astronauts found out we are n't alone.The film itself has plot holes big enough to fly the now retired space shuttle through and the film is all set up with very little in the way of plot development . The main flaw that dogs ALL found footage type of films also exists here -- we really ca n't have much in the way of dramatic developments because we ca n't SEE everything that has happened outside the scope of the camera shooting the `` real '' drama . The film feels padded at a paltry 90 minutes and seems twice as long . The premise and execution might have worked well as an episode of `` The Twilight Zone '' or `` The Outer Limits '' but without any major plot developments over the course of 90 minutes -LRB- look their doing another EVA -RRB- the film feels 89 minutes too long.There 's the kernal of a good idea in `` Apollo 18 '' but because of the execution and decision to shoot it as a `` found footage '' type of film , the plot is n't allowed to pop to life and fulfill its potential . `` Apollo 18 '' would have worked much better as a science fiction or horror thriller shot like `` Alien '' . If you bought the Blu-ray for this you 've wasted your money as the image quality is comparable to a standard DVD . The director does a nice job of mixing real NASA footage with the soundstage footage of the Apollo 18 crew exploring the surface of the moon but , honestly , the BD does n't provide an improvement in image quality making it worth the extra expense.Most of the special features are n't anything to radio home about either as they include an audio commentary with director Gonzalo L&oacute;pez - Gallego and editor Patrick Lussier , deleted and alternate scenes and alternate endings . I do n't know that any special features would have improved the movie.Avoid .
 When I saw this movie with my bros at first we said it was good but after eating at Subway we all just said this is a very bad film and the best thing I can say is that you do not have to see it at all .
 Review
 This is the worst movie ever . Not worth your time . Plot could have been told in about 10 min . Not sure what they spent all the money on . Did not look like they were in space .
 I dont mind a bit of a shaky camera , but rolling , unfocus , scratched effects aregood if used once in a while , but for this movie you get it all the time ... Hey . . why buy this in blue ray ... when there is no reason to want to have a betterpicture ... because the picture has all these effects againts it.So after falling asleep 4 times on this , i was able to finish it .1.5 stars go to the actors , which did a good job with what they had . the restgoes to those little creatures.Its surely not a movie you will want to watch twice .
 The premise was OK , but still it was a downer . It would have been more interesting as a regular science fiction movie . Anyway , you may fall asleep watching this thing .
 I had seen the preview , and it looked compelling and exciting . As a result I was eager to see the movie , so about a week ago I rented it from the local Redbox . It was barely worth the $ 1.20 it cost to rent.Other reviewers here have gotten more into the technical aspects of the movie , so I do n't feel the need to re-hash what has already been said . See , for instance , Ian 's `` Houston , we have a REALLY big problem '' review of 9-2-2011 . While I agree with his assessment of the mechanics of the movie , I disagree with his overall recommendation of it . Here 's why : First , the movie is only 1-1/4 hours long , so it draws to a close before you even know it . The shortness is only intensified by the fact that the first 20 minutes of the movie are spent showing you what is made to look like archival footage from NASA . So yeah , you get to see some astronauts , Mission Control , etc. . In my estimation , those 20 minutes effectively did little more than serve as filler -- which tells you how anemic the movie actually is . So when you factor out those essentially pointless 20 minutes , you 're left with a film that is really less than an hour long . This is not much time to develop anything of substance.Second , the movie just is n't scary . It 's moderately suspenseful at times , but that 's as hair-raising as it gets . If the whole point of a horror movie is to generate ... well , horror and fear ... then what 's the use of producing a horror movie that fails to deliver on its primary purpose?Third , I found the movie predictable at certain crucial moments . I do n't want to spoil it by offering specifics , but if the viewer can see some of the important plot twists or developments coming down the pike , it certainly lessens the experience and mimimizes the scare or suspense value.So despite the reviewers who give this movie three or more stars , I would HIGHLY recommend to the potential buyer that you RENT IT first . You may be very glad you did .
 This is coming from someone who has watched every episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000 ... This is unarguably the most terrible , nauseating , headache-inducing , steaming pile of trash ever put to screen.Anyone who rated this over 1 star is a paid shill for the production company.DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE . It literally made me physically ill .
 It was boring from beggining to end . This was basically so called , `` found footage '' in space . Really ? These guys went to the moon back in 1974 for a secret mission on the moon . All they keep doing is hearing noises and saying , `` What is that ? '' `` Did you hear that ? '' `` Did you see that ? '' I kept saying yes we heard and seen it you IDIOTS !!! -- SPOILER ALERT AFTER THIS -- It gets even worse . We see these moon spider alien like things maybe 3 time in the movie and at the end they eat this guys face off . Really ? And then another stupid part was when they find these footprints on the moon and they 're not human foot prints and they just come to the conclusion after a couple of minutes that there is signs of other life forms . Really ? If you like Paranormal Activity you might most likely hate this movie like I do . If you hate Paranormal Activity then you will hate this movie . Paranormal Activity at least had a good story and yes it had its boring parts and some stuff was corny but more scary stuff happened . This was just a pain to watch . After seeing this movie you might feel like washing out your eyes or gouging them out whatever suits you .
 I usually enjoy movies with a space theme , and I love seeing scenes with the moon , but this story was a bit hard to follow beyond the basic theme as something bad was up there and very hard to watch . The scenes were deliberately poor quality and shaky . This is one space movie I will not be watching again .
 Apollo 18 was in my opinion a waste of my time and money . The acting was `` B '' rated . The sopposed live action was staged and the dialog was not what our astronauts would ever use . The spider creatures were not a main part of the action as they should have been . Where did they come from and why were they attacking this mission ? What was their purpose ? That was never known . Why did n't the other Apollo missions see them ... lmao ! What a piece of dribble . Screenwriting was poor and the cinematography could heve been done by a group of imaginative 5th graders .
 Movies like this make me believe Amazon and other sites should give the option for one totally dissatisfied with a product to give it a ` zero ' rating flat-out . Unfortunately , I have to give this terrible movie a 1-star , which I feel is even too generous.Basically , the film is `` found footage '' of a mission to the moon gone hilariously -LRB- I mean , `` horribly '' -RRB- wrong . Two young men are shot up to the moon on a secret mission -LRB- not so secret when you make a mainstream film out of it -RRB- to place detectors on the moon during the cold war . However , upon landing the crew of astronauts discover something strange , something weird ... Something ... ****** SPOILER ALERT ****** ... a lot like lobsters ? ******* END SPOILERS ****** And before anyone gives me any flack for watching the film or paying to see it -- Yes , I paid to see it at the theater opening weekend . I write a movie review blog and that weekend this was literally the only film that appealed to me . And quite literally , I was hoping this would have something truly creepy.However , once we 're aware of what the film 's main threat is , it turns from being a somewhat creepy sci-fi horror film into the year 's most unintentional comedy . I recall many people including myself actually LAUGHING during the screening . The MST3K crew would have a blast with this film , and here 's to hoping someone at RiffTrax sees this and gives me a real reason to watch it again.Until then , this film is complete garbage , and truly the worst film of 2011 .
 absolutely the worst movie I 've ever seen . It is like watching a TV that is getting bad reception . the things is the guys helmet ... wtf is that . stupid ... do n't waste your money .
 Utterly amateurish home video of a bunch of middle-aged people bumbling along on a trip without knowing anything more than you do about the places they are visiting . The narrator is obviously reading from a script , pausing before every Spanish word and name , mispronouncing everything that could possibly be mispronounced , and giving completely erroneous translations of even well-known names . They translate Machu Picchu as `` Manly Mountain '' and Haynu Picchu as `` Wind Mountain '' when it is common knowledge that they mean `` Old Mountain '' and `` Young Mountain '' respectively . There is no attempt to prepare you for the trip or give you tips or recommend certain places . They are simply tugging you along on their journey , boring you with their amateur photography and lack of insight . You will learn NOTHING from this video so do not waste your money . Even if you can borrow it free from the library , as I did , do n't bother . It will still be a waste of time . Worst travel video I 've ever seen .
 Poor video , very short only 26 minutes , no real tips and techniques and certainly not worth the $ 60.00 . Too bad the previous posters did not give a honest apprasial of the video . DO NOT BUY.Backhoe Basics
 I thought this film was boring . The mother in law is the only highlight amongst all the other uninteresting and undeveloped characters .
 The description given of the film on Amazon was enticing enough to buy it on sale . Despite a well of talent from which to draw in Michael Palin and Maggie Smith , as a comedy , it will generate a snicker or two , but the real laughs are utterly absent . If this film were an aircraft , it would never get off the ground .
 Just not my cup of tea . Maybe when I watch it again I 'll get into the mood and follow it more closely . An early work of Dame Maggie Smith . The theme is about how to raise yourself to a higher standing in a community and do it through the escapades of finding and cooking a pig . Whatever , I just expected more hilarity . How very American of me !
 I did n't care for this film very much . I wish independents would get the idea that people do want to see good films , even if they are a bit slow , or take awhile to carry out the story line . I wanted to like this movie , but it never did go anywhere really . I got tired of listening to this character 's whining . Constant complaints got old , and the dialogue lacked imagination . This guy was not all that likeable anyway , and never did get much better . I guess by the end he was a bit changed , but by then I no longer cared . Phrases like `` deal with it '' or `` grow up dude '' kept coming to mind . Along with `` loser '' , `` deadbeat '' , `` lazy '' , and `` so you think the world owes you ? '' . The friend 's Mom , and what they do with her is unnecessary , and you are left wondering about her , and if there really is a point to this movie.I ca n't think of any reason to recommend it to anyone .
 I loved iced cube back when he was with NWA but he really ca n't do comedy like he use to . He 's more of a diverse father figure type now a day 's ... Now Mike Epps is funny cause he get 's hype over little things .
 `` Janky Promoters '' is the latest gleefully low-brow buddy comedy pairing Ice Cube and Mike Epps . Here , the duo star as a pair of improbably incompetent concert promoters . Cube -LRB- Russell Redds -RRB- and Epps -LRB- Jellyroll -RRB- have just struck a deal with popular hip-hop artist Young Jeezy -LRB- playing himself -RRB- , and have less than 24 hours to finalize the logistics , despite the fact that they have less than $ 1,000 between them.Thus begins a series of increasingly grating misadventures , as Russell and Jellyroll seek to con their way into having a successful show . The filmmakers could have made the lead characters more likeable , despite their slacker status . As it stands , despite the efforts of Cube and Epps , Russell and Jellyroll mainly come across as boorish clowns that you want to fail -- Russell steals his fianc&eacute;e 's checkbook to pay his share of the concert costs , and Jellyroll brags to a reality-TV crew that he 's sleeping with a married woman -LRB- Character actors Tamala Jones and Glenn Plummer are wasted as the unfaithful wife and her cuckolded husband , respectively . -RRB- It 's hard to sympathize with most of the characters here ; they to be reflexively foul-mouthed and defiantly ignorant . Among the parade of eccentrics are star-struck hotel maids and a mom who prepares crack like it 's Sunday dinner . One of the few bright spots involves Russell 's teen son ` Young Seymour ' -LRB- James `` Lil ' JJ '' Lewis -RRB- , an amateur rapper who nonetheless thinks he 's entitled to a room-crowding entourage . Russell 's unabashed encouragement of Seymour 's dancers to rump-shake more inadvertently highlights the recurring critique of rap-as-sexploitation . Taking into account such film phenomena as American Pie , Wedding Crashers and The Hangover , ` slob comedies ' clearly have a place and an audience . Still , `` Promoters '' is n't likely to entice viewers beyond the converted . Looking at the broader themes in the film , it could have been a more clever satire of behind-the-scenes goings-on in the hip-hop music industry -LRB- screenplay credit goes to Ice Cube . -RRB- Yet the film functions as an unofficial sequel to the Friday movie series -- in fact , given the cult popularity of those films , it 's unclear why the filmmakers did n't go that route . Unless viewers are Ice Cube or Mike Epps completists , `` Promoters '' is a rental at best .
 i like ice cube but , this movie was not the greatest as i thought could of been better , ? No wonder i did not hear about this movie lol
 The strength of the film is its attempt to genuinely portray teenage apathy , relationships , and communication , all of which admittedly are often mis-portrayed in mainstream Hollywood films . But its strengths end there in my opinion . Some of the characters ' actions feel forced or exaggerated , as if the viewer is incapable of discerning something in between black and white . Ironically though , the many -LRB- I would say way too many -RRB- musical interludes are wide open for interpretation , and come across as time fillers more than insight into the story or characters . There are two parallel stories in the film . The first is the accidental death of a security guard and the second is the main character -LRB- tm -RRB- s realization that long-term relationships are based on more than physical attraction . In the end though , I felt this film came up short on both fronts . Neither story was fully developed and instead the viewer feels left out like the parent of an apathetic teenager .
 This was a complete waste of time . The narrative and acting was well beyond below level and if I could give this film negative stars I would . During almost all of the narrative parts of the film , it sounded as if the `` actor '' was reading off of a piece of paper and stumbling over what he was supposed to be saying while he had the same facial expression throughout the entire film . Utterly disappointed . And to whoever wrote the description on this film ... maybe they should have watched it first as there is no one going into any state of `` mesmerizing paranoia '' let alone any paranoia.The only good thing was the music .
 The plot was interesting enough , the characters were believable , and the acting was tolerable . I could have given this film 5 stars if it were 15 min instead of 84 . If you enjoy modern art museums and are especially affected by random splashes of paint on a canvas , then this movie will not waste 69 min of your life . This is , by far , the most boring film van Sant has ever made . My wife nodded off within 20 min of the start , and I had to force myself to find reasons to actually complete all 84 min . Also , before anyone accuses me of being an action film junkie unable to assimilate intricate character development and plot execution , I 'm far from that . See some of my other reviews .
 This is one of those films that when the credits roll you look at each other in disbelief , its like the producers ran out of money and said Uh oh , looks like we got another Blockbuster Exclusive . Actually a good film , I just wish they had enough money for the rest of it .
 With no idea of what this movie was about except with a recommendation from a favored source , I rented this movie.The artwork for the cover and just the name conjured up imagery of a possibly dark but well-done story , mystery and the inevitable looming of a tragic event.What ended up happening was watching a movie that tried so hard to capture that of the high school awkwardness , playing the most random soundtrack -LRB- of course Eliot Smith was present -RRB- , long , drawn-out slow-motion scenes -LRB- see the longest shower scene I have ever watched -RRB- , and terrible , terrible acting.This felt like a well-done attempt by a college film student who had a passion for skateboarding -LRB- see random shots of skateboarders -RRB- , who executed this movie by watching well-done films -LRB- see Darren Afronosky -RRB- and emulating those to create many of the scenes you will see here . See the splicing of present with past in order to keep the viewer enticed.Basically , this is a low-budget film without the low-budget , terrible song choices , terrible acting -LRB- this felt like films I 've seen in Spanish class in high school -RRB- , and just bad attempt.If you want to watch a film that does the time sequence story , murder , but with out the awkward adolescence , amazing acting , watch Boy A.Basically , just stay away from this film . Seriously .
 Just your standard cute-teenage-boy-coping-with-responsibility-for-a-dead-man-chopped-in-half angst movie .
 Well , this sounded really good , and I bet it made a great book , however the filmmaking and acting was unbearable . You 'd get a snippet of story and then like 3-5 minutes of someone walking in slow motion or skateboarding in slow motion ... i think we were supposed to be relflecting on the SHOCKING events that were happening in the movie except there were n't any . It was predictable and boring . Maybe if the approach were different and the actors did n't try so hard this would have been better .
 The two sentence sublot summary intrigued me enough to want to watch this movie . It basically took an hour and a half to tell a five minute story . If that 's your thing ... lots of slow mow and lingering shots of close ups of people 's faces or objects , then you may like this movie . I know some of the shots and `` effects '' were trying to be artistic but by the end I was yelling at the screen , `` get on with it '' . So , not for everyone but not terrible either . Rent before you buy defintiley .
 I 'm not really a fan of people who use cliched terms like `` This was an hour and a half of my life that I wasted watching this film that I 'll never get back again . '' But after watching this film , I truly understand why people would utter this sentiment . This film is beyond terrible beyond unwatchable . To be honest , I 'm not a fan of the avant-garde `` what does life really mean '' type of movies - i.e. `` Elephant , '' `` Donnie Darko , '' `` Mulholland Drive '' - that are like watching a Robert Cormier novel come to life . I had to watch Van Sant 's blatant Columbine exploitation `` Elephant '' for a class once , so I should 've known what I was getting into with this one . However , the above movies are still made watchable by decent actors.I 'm sure Gussy Boy wants to get actors whom no one has ever heard of nor will ever hear of again to make the movie seem `` real . '' Problem is , they ca n't act . I 'm going to guess that 's the point - let 's have D-list actors have `` real '' dialogue with each other so that it seems `` real . '' However , it just gets annoying . Van Sant spends so much time with the camera focusing on one character at a time that I began to wonder if a bout of narcolepsy had overtake him while at the helm.Maybe I 'm not hip enough to understand the idea this movie was trying to present . Maybe I 'm too old -LRB- at the ripe age of 26 -RRB- to understand the artistry and commentary on the life of a 17-year old skater , but man ... really , this was painful to watch . And I 've sat through Gone Fishin ' .
 AWFUL . So agonizingly slow that my BONES hurt - until it was over , when I breathed perhaps the longest sigh of relief in my entire lifetime.As for the Five Star ratings ? In the art world , regardless of genre , there will always be a handful of people who love things truly awful - or at least claim to . It makes them feel intellectually superior to the rest of us . They 're enlightened , somehow.God bless them.But I 've found that a pretty good percentage of them have a problem with their intellectual honesty . Take my friend , Jane -LRB- not her real name -RRB- , who 's a vegan CRUSADER . I 've actually watched her RETCH at the site of raw red meat . She should be an actress . Oops ... excuse me - acTOR . -LRB- Enlightend females do n't like to be called `` actress . '' -RRB- Anyway , a couple years back while on a business trip 500 miles from our hometown - small world that it is - so was she . I observed her at a Ruby Tuesday 's , where she was DEVOURING one of their signature prime burgers - on the RARE side - as if she had n't eaten in a month . It had been a VERY long time since I 'd seen anyone so completely relish what they were eating . I chose not to embarrass her . But I 've sinced seized the opportunity several times , during her vegan crusades . I 'll discreetly pull her aside and say , simply , `` Jane ... Rudy Tuesday 's ... Cleveland . Shhhhhhhh ... `` There 's a room in Jane 's basement about which she 's quite protective . There 's actually a PADLOCK on the door . My guess it she has a second refrigerator there , where she keeps her secret stash of canned tuna ; beef ; chicken ; pork ; milk ; and Oreos.I noted a few weeks back that she has a copy of `` Paranoid '' on her DVD shelf - that 's how I first found out about it . She `` positively adores it . '' That 's a quote . Enlightened people seem to adore lots of stuff . I watched it today on IFC , and when it was over -LRB- phew ! -RRB- the evil me thought , `` next time I 'm at Jane 's , I 'm going to seal her Paranoid DVD shut without her knowledge . '' Then I 'll make a wager with myself that two or three years down the road , I 'll inspect the package and note that it 's still taped shut - even though Jane will have claimed that she watches it no less than two or three times a year , religiously . Enlightened people are often agnostic or even atheist . But they 're religious about lots of other stuff.If you 're not in that 1/10th of 1 percent of the elightened `` Janes '' among us , trust me
 No Man 's Land
 So , there is a point in `` No Man 's Land
 The movie was suppose to take place in a demention between life and death ????? What ever that means . Stupid . The acting is not very good and I did n't understand who or what the killer was . The effects were ok . the only real gru-sum part for me was at the very start of the movie with the hitchiker scene . That is why it gets two stars other wise I would give it just one . Do n't waste your money .
 Believe K Dwaynes review . This movie is about the origins of the putrid smelling apparition called `` The Reeker '' . The original movie was pretty bad but this one makes the first one look like a masterpiece.There is not one character you care about and hope they meet the reeker soon but it 's not to be . Included in this list of cyphers is an incompetent retiring sheriff , his idiot of a deputy who is also his estranged son . Sonny boy could n't make it as a policeman in the big city so daddy pulled some strings and got him a job in the middle of nowhere.The story takes place at a greasy spoon diner next to a seedy motel that makes the bates motel look like the Hilton . Included in the plot are three stupid bank robbers-the waitress girlfriend of one of the robbers and a woman doctor.Oh and the reeker somehow forms an invisible wall around this location trapping everyone and when one of the bank robbers tries to make his escape his car runs into the invisible wall and he loses half his skull exposing his brain . He survives but his friend thinks he looks gross so he makes him wear a garbage bag on his head . They would have done better if they had put this film in the garbage bag.Bad movie bad , bad and beware any reviews over one star .
 Now , I 'm no high brow sophisticated Roger Ebert wannabe . I LOVE my cheezy low budgie horror flicks . And if it has zombies in it , all the better . But THIS is a complete waste of valuable viewing time . Even under the most desperate circumstances give this one a wide berth.It 's starts off promising enough , with a nice little fake out of who the killer really is . The killer is tracked back to his isolated shack by a cowardly patrolman , who in true Barney Fife like style , bumbles his gun and drops it , only capturing the killer because an unseen apparition he had been talking to told him so . Right off , the bad acting and utter amateurish stupidity of the patrolman , a character I though we left behind in this genre long ago , drags the picture down.Cut to 25 years later , it 's the last day of the now Sheriff , and in true bad exposition , on-the-nose dialogue , is turning over the reins to his son . For a movie that 's supposed to be about a killing machine , it gets waaaay off track with bad relationship subplots -LRB- we have the robbers on the run , one of them being being in a relationship with the waitress ; the father/son antagonism ; the bickering robbers -RRB- and sidestories that add 1 . nothing to the story and 2 . detract from the premise adding not an ounce of tension or suspense.This is just plain BAD and amateurish filmmaking from the acting to the lame lack of narrative coherence and complete absence of logic -LRB- the sherriff lets one robber just take off in car with gun , while the other unarmed , nonviolent one is held -RRB- . Somehow the writer/director thought if he strung together a bunch of what he considers to be interesting , amusing/disgusting -LRB- the robber boyfriend has to go key diving in a cesspool -RRB- scenes , that it would keep the audience entertained and add up to something at the end . It 's clear within the first 20 minutes it does n't . These other two reviewers HAVE to be shills to give this turd five stars or they 've never seen a decent horror flick in their life .
 I confess I hate Heathcliff . I do n't even really like `` Wuthering Heights . '' There are only a couple of admirable characters in there . However , I do enjoy the book as a character study . I like to contrast Heathcliff 's selfish obsession with Sydney Carton 's sincere love -LRB- from Tale of Two Cities -RRB- . But this incarnation of Heathcliff is `` over the top . '' And I was shocked by the sex and nude scenes . There 's no explicit sex or nudity in the book . I just hate to watch a `` classic '' and find that foolish moviemakers felt compelled to add 21st century sex and nudity . They just ca n't do without it . Do n't watch it with your kids . Threw mine in the trash .
 I did not and would not buy this dvd , but I just finished watching it as a two-part series on Masterpiece Classic , and I found it beyond bad . The scriptwriter did include all three generations described in the book but took so many wild liberties that I was actually shocked . Heathcliff is depicted as nothing short of a madman . Cathy seems afraid of him in several scenes , so their `` eternal love story '' never works . Also , there were 3 -LRB- count em , 3 -RRB- sex scenes in the movie , which meant it 's not suitable for kids or for showing to students -LRB- I teach high school -RRB- . These scenes were gratuitous and unnecessary and did n't serve to advance the plot at all . I mean , if Isabella and Cathy are pregnant , then viewers should have sense enough to know they had sex with their husbands without the camera having to follow them right into bed . I assume somebody thought Wuthering Heights needed to be tweaked to appeal to a modern audience . I believe that somebody was wrong .
 Direction by Giedroyic is OK , the acting is OK , the production values are high enough . The thing that made this version so bloody awful is the writing . I could do a better job . That should give you an idea how bad it really is.Bronte 's classic is presented to us by Peter Bowker as subtly as if we are reading a road map . We are told early on repeatedly that Heathcliff is a `` Gypsy '' who has not and never will make peace with God , and that he is out for revenge . We do not have to guess whether or not his character will alter , much less mature . In this adaptation they might get older , but they will never grow . Otherwise the dullest viewer might , heaven forbid , miss the trivial lessen passing by that he is now required to grasp.The world is so full of wonderful variations on the towering novels of Jane Austen and the Brontes that it is a wonder that until now none were really second-rate . It was hard to go far wrong with any version . Indeed I never imagined it possible. : -LRB-
 This is without a doubt the worst adaptation of Wuthering Heights that I have ever seen . The acting does n't even deserve to be called mediocre . Charlotte Riley is horrible as Catherine . She failed to portray the selfishness , vanity and mercurial nature of the character in the book . Cathy in the book was wild , even after her return . She was prone to temper tantrums and even went so far as to hit Edgar on one occasion . That was not shown in this adaptation . In this Catherine was static , simpering and in some places just seemed plain ignorant . Even in those rare moments when Riley seemed to be trying to display the arrogance of Catherine the performance fell far short . Whoever wrote this script even managed to ruin Cathy 's most important speech . That speech was the very reason Heathcliff ran away in the first place , in the book . When he heard Cathy say that it would degrade her to marry him . Yet in this movie Heathcliff heard none of that , Cathy did n't even say it . He ran away without hearing a word of Cathy 's confession to Nelly . And they actually had the audacity to change that essential speech which was , in many ways , crucial to the whole tormented existence and doomed love of Cathy and Heathcliff . As I said , it 's the reason Heathcliff ran away in the book . They did n't even show how Cathy reacted when Heathcliff left and that was a great disappointment.The writers for this adaptation saw fit to remove important factors from the book and replace them with unnecessary drivel that never happened , it was just a product of their own imagination and what they thought should be the story . Wuthering Heights is a masterpiece and a classic ; it did not need the changes these writers gave it . They took away from the dark tragedy of the book . Heathcliff and Catherine lacked the feral , passionate and , some might even say fatal , obsession that was portrayed in the novel . I saw no chemistry between Charlotte Riley and Tom Harding at all . It was like watching a pair of cardboard cutouts . Painful to watch . Indeed , this was actually so agonizing to watch that I had to leave the computer for a while and only came back when I felt I was ready to endure another dose of sheer torture . The only reason I watched it to the end was because I kept hoping for some redeeming quality on both the part of the script and the actors . There were none . And also because I felt that , however horrible this movie was , it would still be unfair to rate and review it without at least giving it a chance . Well , I gave it a chance . It was horrible . I regret that it took up 2 hours of my life that I shall never be able to get back.Let 's see , all in all , how did this adaptation butcher the book ? There are so many ways that I can scarce remember them all . - Though they did show all three generations , the early childhood life was poorly done . For all the time they gave to it you 'd think they could have been more accurate . Instead they drastically changed it and only threw in a few lines from the book -LRB- at the wrong time I might add -RRB- as if thinking that that would make up for the liberties they saw fit to take - Catherine displayed far more compassion in this that she did in the book . The Cathy in this book seemed like a completely different person entirely , I just could n't relate her to the Cathy of the book . Like when she dismissed Nelly from the room . In the book she basically attacked the woman and Edgar , too . In that moment she reverted back into the wild girl of the moors , a girl who felt caged and restricted , until she finally exploded and took out her aggression on both Nelly and Edgar . That did n't happen in this adaptation . We got to see none of Cathy 's pent up energy and frustration . In the book she was akin to a caged animal - trying hard to perform for the people around her yet unable to completely contain her true nature . Her volatile personality was terribly diminished in this movie . - Heathcliff lacked the sinister , yet somehow compelling , charisma that he had in the book . His dark allure was gone in this . And I wo n't even get into the inaccuracies that the character had to endure at the hands of both actor and writers . There are simply too many . I will only say that in the book , despite his twisted and vengeful nature , he was still a character that I loved , and still love . He was interesting , he was compelling and he was fascinating . In this he just seemed brutish and wooden . - I wo n't discuss the sex scenes . I will only say that they degraded the story . They should never have been added . - As for the ending . All I can see is ` You ca n't possibly be serious ' . It just shocked me . It went completely against the spirit of the book . To say more would be to ruin it for anyone who still wishes the watch this travesty , but far be it for me to give away any spoilers.My final word ? This does n't even deserve one star , but alas , I was not able to give it zero . I suppose I 'll just have to be satisfied with one . My advice would be to watch the 1992 adaptation of Wuthering Heights instead . Ralph Fiennes made a far better Heathcliff and Juliette Binoche at least managed to capture the essence of Cathy far better than Charlotte Riley .
 This is a modern attempt of showing this interesting story on film and the director took too many liberties with it . The sex scenes were unnecesary and unfortunately show BBC 's attempt to spice up the stories , but what they do n't get is that these are great stories with implied sexual content that we do n't need to see ! Leave something to the imagination , please . Remember the opening minutes of the new Sense and Sensibility ? Same thing . Completely unnecessary to the film -LRB- but I liked Sense and Sensibility -RRB- . This version of Wuthering Heights was just too much . Heathcliff 's demise was the straw that broke the camel 's back . My overall impression of this version was `` blah '' .
 I doubt I will watch this movie again . I did n't like the characters , I think Tom Hardy is one of the worst actors I have seen . As for the sex scenes that everyone is so outraged over , they were practically nonexistent . I watched the original Wuthering Heights when I was very young , and although I do n't remember everything about it , what I do remember was better than this .
 I watched this when it aired on PBS , I 'm so glad I did n't buy it . The acting is n't that great and the actual story has been horribly changed . In fact it 's so reduced it 's not even an hour long ! And the ending ! SPOLIER ALERT ! I ca n't believe they had Heathcliff kill himself , that is completely out of character for him . It 's just awful ! Do n't waste your money on this version . I think the Ralph Fiennes/Juliette Binoche version is much better . Fiennes makes an outstanding Heathcliff . The only thing this movie can boast of is the scenery/settings but that certainly ca n't save it from the ruin that was made of the story .
 This ill-conceived , embarrasingly executed and generally dismal butchering of a literary masterpiece was n't worth the 1 star rating I gave it , but zero star ratings are n't an option with Amazon reviews -LRB- perhaps they should be -RRB- . Where to begin - unforgiveably bad , wooden acting , bad pacing , worse screenplay , no direction , zero character development . I ca n't recall a more dislikable and evil character than Tom Hardy 's Heathcliff -LRB- necrophilia ? -RRB- or a more grating and obnoxious Catherine than Charlotte Riley , whose overall amateurish performance and often embarrassing histrionics seem more befitting an elementary school play , prompting one to wonder what she did with the money her parents gave her for acting school.In the end , we do n't care two pins for the fate of this star-crossed pair because they are truly self-absorbed and utterly unlikeable characters whose emotional connection and obsession with each other is never successfully established nor in any way believable.And as far as character development goes , this entire mess is completely devoid of it -LRB- case in point - Hareton shows up as an adult somewhere towards the end and , though there was never any back story on the connection between Hareton and Healthcliff , you 're expected to `` get '' the former 's devotion to this twisted madman and well up with emotion when he flings himself sobbing on Heathcliff 's corpse in the final scene . Ummmm ... no . Not buying it . The silly black eye makeup on Tom Hardy 's face and gory splattering of fake blood everywhere just serves to underscore the absurdity of it all.Clearly this ghastly reinterpretation was intended to pander to a considerably less discerning audience - a generation raised on trash TV .
 The acting was so off ! All the characters we 're shallow and lacked development . I feel like they made the movie way too romantic.Right now I 'm trying to rewind this movie out of my brain .
 I own the Orla Brady , late 1990 's version of this from the BBC , and I absolutely love it ! And I just as vehemently HATED this version . The male lead I saw in The Virgin Queen a few years ago , and he was fine as Robbie -- not inspiring , but ok . In this , he is wooden . The female lead is new to me , but I did not care for her , either . I felt the residence used for Wuthering Heights was too grand , not at all appropriate . I hated the music score , or what I remember of it anyway . I have seen other projects -LRB- perhaps The Virgin Queen was one of his ? -RRB- by this director , and I liked them . This I completely disliked and had difficulty sitting through .
 The disk came broken in half . I trashed it ! I did not want to even give it 1 star , but I had to , in order to post this .
 Wuthering Heights was one of my favorite books and I was excited to see a recent masterpiece version . However , this is a Hollywooded version that contains elements you would not expect to see since they are not in the book ie . sexual scenes , adultery . Out of respect to God , I shut if off half way through .
 This film reminded me of an African-American version of `` Broadway Danny Rose '' or `` Dickie Roberts . '' Unfortunately it was n't near as funny as either one . Jeff Woods -LRB- Tony Rock -RRB- is a comedian whose life is being shot as a documentary . He was big and famous and took a fall because of drugs and went into rehab.This is about his climb back.First you have to get over the unrealistic idea that Hollywood cares about its stars doing drugs and going into rehab . While this was supposed to be a comedy , it never did hit on all cylinders . What could have been funny was them actually showing Jeff 's standup act , one that was funny and revealed character . They worked their way around that , because writing that kind of scene , which would have made this film , was beyond the ability of writer/director Kenny Young who was looking for the cheap buck . Jeff 's agent Grant acts stereotypically gay ... fabulous ! The overweight secretary was the best character in the script and she did make me laugh.The movie while failing at being a comedy was also attempting to be a drama about redemption that did n't work either . The ending was thrust upon you out of the blue.PARENTAL GUIDE
 This movie was horrible . I had to skip scenes just to make it to the end . And when the end finally arrived , it was abrupt and forced . There is n't one scene of the main actor/comedian doing any actual stand up , which would have at least made the movie somewhat bearable . The worse movie I have seen in awhile . Be warned .
 Movie was horrible . Do n't understand how Tony Rock could participate in such a wack film . It was like a biography . Tony Rock was a horrible comedian . I met him a couple of years ago and he was a cool person . I wish I knew him when this movie came out because I would tell him `` C'mon Man ! lol Get it ? Try again . * Drops mic . In my Kanye voice `` Next '' ! lol
 No good ideas in this video . Really disappointed because the show is so great , but the video did not live up to expectations .
 This is a totally lame product . Most of what Patti Stanger preaches is just not practical or sensible . To me this is just someone capitalizing on their publicity in the dating business . If you 're gon na buy it , do n't buy it new . Not worth it .
 This video was not at all what I expected . It was a guide for someone who has n't even met anyone yet . Patty 's timeline is also completely unrealistic . I am just glad it did n't cost me very much .
 Once you get past her extremely long Sensa weight loss ad , which comes on before anything else , this DVD does n't offer anything new that Patti has always preached on her show and outlined in her book . The production quality is poor and everything is scripted and staged . There are a few good pointers , but overall its not worth spending your money on .
 I was pretty disappointed with this dvd . It did have some good pointers , but it did not cover anything about special issues such as being older , dating after children , etc. . This dvd is for the young single who has not been married or had children before . I also thought that some of the messages that a guy isnt going to like you if you dont look like a supermodel were disheartening and wrong . Basically , this dvd is good if you do n't have a clue .
 I 've watched Millionaire Matchmaker and enjoy it entertainment value , and I appreciated Patti 's straight-shooting approach . I got this video out of sure curiosity and to see if she had any tips . But oh wow - This was a joke . I agree with the reviewer who noted poor production quality and terrible scripting . My friends and I are planning a watch party for the sole purpose to make fun of it.I say it 's a joke , but it 's also insulting to single women and also single men . She insults the women who attend her conference , she insults the men who she talks to at the round table discussion ... . it 's just awkward . The disappointing thing , though , is that this is n't the person she is on her TV show.Save your money or buy it cheaply . Or do what I did and make it a watch party for you and your single friends .
 I was so excited to watch this because Millionare Matchmaker is so funny ! And on the show Patti does have great advice and tough love to help people wake up and learn from their mistakes!But this dvd is a total waste of money ! DONT BUY IT TRUST ME !!! You will be so disappointed and mad at Patti for attaching her name to something this stupid !
 I expected more from this video . It was a little hard to follow . The tips are there , but how to execute seems vague . It 's hard to pack 12 months into an hour video , I think this content is better consumed in written format.Watching this video made me feel like I was watching the recording of a play . It was n't clear to me that this was just the recording of presentation she had done . I expected something more similar to the format of the millionaire matchmaker , with real world examples .
 Dirtiest mouthed crude-est women on TV with crude-est characters on her show that TV teaches a little about dating . This is a fluff piece as a show followup . Good if you must have it all from this TV show . After watching I decided this show dirties my mind to much to watch it any more ... . well thanks for what I got up to that point .
 `` Hostage '' , starring Bruce Willis , opens with 3-D graphics depicting various aspects of hostage negotiations in Los Angeles . It appears to be a sort of ` best of ' depiction and they do n't appear to be related . As the credits come to a close , these images bleed into the beginning of the film . The credits sequence resembles an animatronic ; a rough draft of a sequence of animated film or television used to give the animators a chance to make changes before the project is completed . This sequence has an interesting look , vaguely reminiscent of the opening credits of `` Spiderman '' , but once the film starts , they seem completely out of place.Jeff Talley -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- , a former LAPD hostage negotiator , takes a job as Chief of Police for a small town in Ventura County . He is basically running from the demons of his previous life after failing to stop a hostage situation . He likes the peaceful quality of his new job , but has problems with his wife and daughter . They are n't so happy and there are clearly issues to work out . Arriving at work , one of his officers reports a suspicious truck parked in front of a fancy , gated home . She is soon shot and Talley rushes to the location . He learns that three teenagers have taken the Smith family hostage after a botched carjacking . Walter Smith -LRB- Kevin Pollak -RRB- is an accountant for the mob and he was scheduled to deliver some account information . They are n't happy about the delay and try to take matters into their own hands.Directed by Florent Siri -LRB- someone I am not familiar with -RRB- and based on a novel by Robert Crais , `` Hostage '' starts as a very taut thriller . From the opening prologue , through about thirty minutes of the story , everything is portrayed in a gritty sort of mid-70s `` Dirty Harry '' type of look . This works , as mentioned , for about 30 or 45 minutes . At that point , the subplots start to kick in.Robert Crais is a fairly well-known writer and I have read a few of his books . He is the type of writer who writes books that read like they are films ; a chapter about the main character ends just before the climax of an action and the next chapter picks up the actions of the villain -LRB- s -RRB- two chapters before . He is writing a movie . Unfortunately , this type of writing is becoming more and more common . Another mark of this type of writing is that a new subplot or twist will be revealed every other chapter . In the hands of a good writer , it seems more natural . If the writer is mediocre , it seems uneven . Crais falls somewhere between . `` Hostage '' is uneven . The scenes with Willis and Pollak , and their respective families , are interesting , well-written and appear realistic . A couple of Pollak 's exchanges with his kids were probably borrowed from real life by the screenwriter . As soon as the sociopathic teenagers and the mob become involved , the story and the film spirals out of control , flip-flopping blindly between realism and over-the-top cartoonish acting.Really , the key problem is the teenagers . Despite a sentence or two of dialogue , we never really learn why they are acting as they are . Each is very over-the-top ; they are always screaming , crying , sweating or staring resolutely into space or through another character . These roles would be difficult to pull off by very experienced actors . In the hands of these actors , the characters are downright laughable . One is shooting at people at random one moment and trying to be kind and caring to Smith 's daughter the next.Also , typical of a film like this , the climax is overblown and completely unbelievable . Fire , commandos , teenagers with multiple Molotov cocktails and more all make an appearance in the last few moments of the film.The first half of the film would make a really good television movie . Unfortunately , they expect you to pay to see it and sit through the entire thing .
 Man what a waste . This movie is so unbelievable it became laughable . Not once did I believe OR empathize with the characters at all . Right from the first scene , I knew the movie was going to be awful - that ridiculous beard Bruce Willis had on was about as good a five years old 's Halloween costume . And what was up with the ` crazy ' Marshall guy ? Are you kidding me ? And the ` plot twist ' with the FBI guys or whatever was brutal . Nonsensical garbage at best . It seemed like the movie was thrown together by about 10 different screenwriters who did n't bother to read what was put on paper before them . Wow - just lame and weak . I guess the only positive thing was I ca n't complain about the acting because the characters were so unbelievable it did n't matter who or what kind of actors were involved . I want my money back - I could get better kicks with my cash feeding the ducks at the park . .
 `` Hostage '' puts Bruce Willis back in the action movies after his `` Whole Nine Yards '' and its sequel . But maybe Willis would have been better off if the movie was never made . `` Hostage '' is really an inept piece of work that showed great promise but soon just becomes a barrage of action sequences that seem more implausible by the minute.Willis plays Jeff Talley a hostage negotiator who lives in L.A. . The movie opens with Talley on the job trying to talk a husband out of killing his son and wife , who has been cheating on him . When snipers say they have a clear shot of the man Talley calls them off holding a sign that reads `` no one will get killed today '' thus setting up Willis ' character as a good honest cop who really cares about these people . As the situation goes on Talley loses control and all three are killed . Talley takes this hard especially when the boy dies in his arms.The movie than fastforwards 12 years later and now Talley is no longer a negotiator but is sheriff of a small county and is having problems with his wife and daughter , played in the movie by Willis ' actually daughter . The daughter , Amanda -LRB- Rumer Willis -RRB- thinks her parents are going to get a divorce . And even though the parents protest , secretly I think they feel the same way.Right now I suppose the movie sounds entertaining . And it is but that is only because we think the movie is going to focus on Willis and reveal more of these demons in his closet.Kevin Pollack plays Walter Smith , who wife has died and now takes care of his two children , Tommy -LRB- Jimmy Bennett -RRB- and Jennifer -LRB- Michelle Horn -RRB- . As they drive home three young boys see Jennifer . One of them then gets the idea to follow the girl to her home and steal their car . Apparently this is what the three boys , played by Ben Foster , Jonathan Tucker , and Marshall Allman , do for kicks.Once the boys break in and hold the family hostage after a series of mishaps occur , for instance , none of the boys thought of the police showing up the movie hits the tone that will be played through-out . The movie was directed by Florent Siri and written by Doug Richardson . I 'm not familiar with either . I will say this though Siri does give the movie some style . Notice the slow motion action scenes . It seems like someone has been watching Sam Peckinpah 's movies . But little else is offered to this movie . The writting at times is sloppy . Characters say such ridiculous things with a straight face . Simple lines like `` I 'm the man '' are said with great dramatic impact . Are you kidding me?But after the first hostage situation the movie has what it feels is a twist . Now Talley is called back on the case after he calls the F.B.I. to take control of the case because his family is now being held hostage unless he can get a DVD of Ernst Lubitsch 's `` Heaven Can Wait '' . And it is not wanted as a rental . There is some sort of important information , what I do n't know , it is not all very clearly explained , on the DVD that the bad guys just have to get . I suppose though what is on the disc does n't matter . Hitchcock would play around with this . What the villians wanted in the movie was n't so important but the actions they took to get the information was . So Talley has to go inside the house and get the DVD or his family will be killed.Now Talley must face his fears after things went so wrong with the boy 12 years earlier and finds himself in the same situation.As I watched the movie I thought why did the director and the writer chose `` Heaven Can Wait '' ? It must have been done for a reason . After a while I though maybe the connection between the two movies is this ; In `` Heaven Can Wait '' a man is sent to Hell where he is confronted with his past sins . In `` Hostage '' Jeff Talley must also confront his past demons . Other than that I ca n't think of anything else . `` Hostage '' for all of its action is really a pretty boring picture . Once the movie started to focus more on the action and less on the characters I found myself tunning out every now and then . The movie started off as a character study of Talley and then just abandons everything for action . Why ? They were starting off so well . But what are we going to do . Here is a perfect example of why Hollywood has been losing money lately as attendance is a recent lows . People simply are n't going out to see movies anymore because we do n't wnat to see movies like `` Hostage '' . Why should I pay 10 dollars to goes see junk like this when I can rent it for half the price or even wait for it to play on TV ? This is why of weeks Hollywood is losing out . They do n't realize we are sick of their movies . But go ahead Hollywood keep making these movies and losing money . It merely shows how out of touch you are with the public . * 1 \ 2 out of ***** Bottom-line
 Hostage begins with Bruce Willis as a LAPD hostage negotiator , and not a very good one at that . In the opening sequence , Jeff Talley -LRB- Willis -RRB- waves off a SWAT sniper from killing a would-be assassin , while raising a sign stating , `` No one dies today '' . Well someone forgot to inform the killer , because moments later the killer , the killer 's wife and kid were all dead . Oooops ... Flash forward one year later . Talley is now the chief of police in the hick town of Bristo Camino , CA . He is separated form his wife , but they still meet for weekends . He has issues with his teenage daughter . Talley 's life to this point really sucks . But wait there 's more.Three high-school dropout stoners are casing possible car jack-able vehicles , when one of them recognizes a fellow student riding with her family in an Escalade . Bingo ! The three punks follow their prize home , only to have the silent alarm on the house tripped , while they 're in the middle of their heist . This in turn , sets up another hostage situation . -LRB- Did we have any doubts ? -RRB- Talley , however , after reporting to the scene of the crime upon receiving reports of an officer being down ; turns jurisdiction over to the state authorities . Only after Talley receives a phone call for one of the hostage victims , and has his family kidnapped ; does he return to the scene of the crime to negotiate for the victim 's freedom.In a completely unrelated storyline , Kevin Pollack -LRB- the hostage family 's father -RRB- is an accountant for some underworld organization -LRB- i.e. drug lords , dirty cops , etc. -RRB- . Who these people are is never revealed to the audience . However , he has encrypted the entire underworld banking information onto a `` Heaven Can Wait '' disc , which is located within the confines of the house . The house which is now surrounded by cops , television camera , etc. . Talley 's family has been kidnapped by the underworld villains in order to motivate Talley -LRB- Willis -RRB- to retrieve this banking disc from the house ; without anyone else finding out.There are several loose ends in this film that are foreshadowed , but never come into play . For example , the movie makes a point to introduce two `` Heaven Can Wait '' DVD boxes ; however , neither comes into play . Talley negotiates to keep $ 1 million dollars of the accountant 's money for himself ; again , it does n't come into play . Lastly , who is this villainous group seeking the banking disc ? With the way the film ended , does n't anyone fear that they might be back?Anyways , this is definitely a film worth waiting for . I bought this movie on a disc with four others , all for the low , low price of $ 5 . So I really ca n't complain all that much.http : / / farisreel.com
 OK , this movie is just terrible . In my opinion movies can get away with a lot . if they are great action movies then they dont need a great plot to be good movies , and vice versa . If they are suspense movies they dont need amazing special effects or ground breaking science fiction . But what a slow moving suspense `` thriller ' needs is content !!! Be very clear , this not an action movie , maybe for about 15 minutes at the end , but for 1 hour and 45 minutes this is suppose to be a plot based thriller , a situational drama.I am not going to go into a recap of the movie -LRB- thats why this is a `` review '' and not a `` recap '' -RRB- . The main villians in the movies have no background given on them whatsoever , ni fact you dont even know who the agency controlling all the moves is EVER !!! Who is the kid thats controling everything inside the hostage situation ? I wish I could tell you , but all I can say is he 's some messed up punk kid , but what normal person kidnaps a total stranger , so of course hes really messed up . The movie does nothing to establish a reason that anything in the movie happen , except that the `` voice on the other end of the phone '' says so.This movie tried to tackle too much . You get two hostage situations in the plot , but never really know anything about either one of them . The result is that you are left with two stories that you have no idea what or why anything happened in either one of them . Although I have not read the book , I am sure , like so often happens with book movies , the background required to really get into the movie was cut out to save time , BAD MOVE !!! The other beef I had with this movie was the whole Virgin Mary thing with the young girl in the movie . I mean it was a little , and when I say a little I mean way , over the top . I hate when artsy directors throw things into a movie that have nothing to do with the plot or story , but just want to show their pseudo-creativity .
 This film is one of the most disturbing I 've seen in recent years and I 'm not a prude or overly sensitive to violence . There is a character in this film that takes pleasure in watching other people die . The filmmakers obvioulsy share this pleasure . If you like films full of senseless violence where innocent children and teenagers are murdered and their deaths are shown in graphic detail , then this movie is for you . The killer is glorified . There is no payoff at the end , just more senseless violence . If this is where our culture is going , we are in big trouble .
 Bruce Willis ' agent
 Liked this movie , lots action , but like rest of them I DO NOT buy this DVD . Because No DTS Or Double disk , I know end of the road , and soon enough they gon na come with , DirCut or DTS Or Double disk . Like they did with rest of the movies these days . So do n't waste Ur money for this DVD .
 How could anyone give this movie five stars ? I think this was easily one of the worst movies ever made . Watch Die Hard instead .
 Since the movie is several years old , anyone considering this purchase would know if they like the film or if they do not . This review involves the Blu-Ray version . It has three major drawbacks . The first is that the release is remastered in the aspect ratio of 1:85 . The DVD and theactrical aspect ratio is 2:35 thus about 20 % of the right and left sides of the film have been cropped . This would lead one to believe that it was a version that was originally produced for HDTV . This theory is further supported by the fact that there are absolutely no bonus features on the disc ... none whatsover . There is not even a start up menu screen . The film simply begins when put in the player . There are also audio-video sync problems throughout the film . The image quality is exceptional , but if you own the DVD , I would not upgrade in blu-ray , as you lose more that you gain .
 This is not the strongest of the Robert Crais books . Elvis Cole and Joe Pike are of course the two best known creations , the happy go lucky detective and his sullen , Vietnam traumatized partner . Crais has had some trouble breaking out of that mold -LRB- although ` Demolition Angel ' was quite enjoyable -RRB- . Hostage has the old premise , the gunfighter who loses his edge , the surgeon who loses a child on the operating table , the race car driver ... . Well . You get the picture.So Talley loses one in LA and ends up in some Godforsaken place . Where , of course , he faces another hostage crisis -LRB- actually two . -RRB- You know somebody wrote that from the credits they knew this motion picture was going to be junk . Amen , brother . Me too . I knew from the credits I was being held hostage . What a load of junk , over acting , over grinning , over leering , over the top . Far over.Sorry . 2 stars because I like Willis and I 'm a big fan of Crais but , Robert , when you sell your book you have to make a deal where you maintain some creative control . Otherwise , they make your book look stupid and YOU lose fans . They did the same thing to John Katzenbach 's `` Hart 's War . '' Hey . Wait a second . That was Bruce Willis , too . Larry Scantlebury
 I did not like this movie at all . It reminded me of more of a horror movie than a typical bruce willis film especially at the beginning when the woman cop is shot , thought it was kind of gross along with the kidnappers themselves , white trash . Guess if you like suspenseful horror movies then you would like it but for sure not a family movie or one for kids . Check out 16 blocks instead for a better well rounded bruce willis picture.Peter J. Miller
 Honestly , I really like action movies but this was so slow , so badly plotted and so gruesome I barely made it to the end.The movie begins with the entirely predictable scene where Bruce loses the hostages and has to cope with his guilt , redeem himself , etc. . Of course its no wonder he loses the hostages with dialog like `` Relax ! '' and `` Take it easy ! '' Truly fine script writing.This cliche behind us , Bruce launches into an absolutely rediculous hostage within a hostage story where almost nothing happens for an hour and half until he drives his truck through the house gates . Just when you think he 's gon na wrap things up ... nothing happens . In a later scene with a helicopter , nothing happens either . Instead , the focus is on how upset Bruce is , and who goes to an action picture for that?The plot , as far as I can tell has to do with comedian Kevin Pollack trying to steal a DVD from himself . When this fails , it turns out he has the contents memorized . None of the plot makes any sense , but it gets worse toward the end when Bruce begs Kevin not to kill his -LRB- Bruce 's -RRB- family , saying `` they have n't seen your face '' but calling him by name . Kevin had better hope Bruce 's family is deaf!If the above was n't enough , the movie really focuses in on some ugly deaths . Do you really want to see somebody portayed fairly sympatheticly , only to be thrown over a balcony ? If any of this was real and the characters had to witness these awful closeups , they 'd probably be better off dead .
 I like Bruce Willis but he could n't save this movie , even if he cried more . The plot was unoriginal and the script was laughable in some scenes . Above all i would have to say the acting was miserable , with the exception of Bruce W . The daughter and mother had no chemistry with Bruce Willis and they acted terribly . I think they should have hired better actors . This movie was wholly predictable . The little child in the film , the one who is supposed to be smart , was rather annoying and also a lousy actor .
 Hostage begins with an interesting premise
 Jeff Talley -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- is a top hostage negotiator in Los Angeles . But when one case ends badly , Jeff retires from the business . A year later , he 's the Sheriff in a small Southern California town where nothing ever happens.Unfortunately , that 's about to change . When three criminals attempt to steal a car , they wind up taking three hostages instead . Unfortunately , Walter Smith -LRB- Kevin Pollak -RRB- , one of the hostages , has something to hide as well . Jeff is ready to turn the case over to someone else when his wife and daughter are kidnapped . Now he has to keep his family alive without compromising the hostages in the house . Can he do it?This movie is based on a best selling novel . While I have never read it , I have enjoyed other books by the author . I 've heard his fans are disappointed with this adaptation , and I can understand why . It starts well , with an interesting premise that really drew me in . However , the longer the movie went on , the more preposterous it became . And the ending was much weaker then I wanted it to be.This movie is rated R. I caught it on TV , so I know parts were cut out . In fact , it was laughable when the language was removed . I do n't know if any violence hit the cutting room floor , but there was still plenty of it here . It did get pretty dark and gruesome near the end . I was expecting this going in , so it did n't bother me . I 'm just pointing out it was there.The movie started out strong , but the ending lets it down big time . It 's disappointing that an interesting premise lost such momentum .
 At first , I thought this would be just another action movie where Bruce Willis runs around and shoots a lot of people . Then I thought it was actually going to be a departure for Bruce ; although there IS a lot of action and shooting going on in this movie , most of it is done by other people . The only thing Bruce really does is cry a lot.The premise of the film was good ; a former hostage negotiator has his own family taken hostage in order to motivate him to end another hostage situation quickly . Aside from that , though , the film is filled with every cliche ' that Hollywood could throw out at us , including the cute and clever kid who helps our hero , the psycho teenage bad guy -LRB- who in this case was so melodramatically awful that he should be banned from ever acting again -RRB- , the `` cute '' teen girl is trouble -LRB- who is actually pretty plain looking -RRB- , the shadowy group of bad guys who are breaking the law in some manner that is never revealed to us , plus lots of guns and a few explosions.Unfortunately , Hostage is nothing new , nothing original and nothing to get excited about seeing .
 Hostage starts off promisingly and progresses so pretty effectively for quite a period of time and holds you spell bound till then . But eventually it degenerates into a psycho killer teenage scream flick . This is awful . Have the film makers so completely run dry of ideas that they are reduced to having to rely on the mad-psycho-chasing-nubile-female-child device in the middle of hostage crisis action movie ? Anyway , eventually the psycho gets taken care of so the scene of the movie can shift to wrap up the other pointless thread of the movie and then it ends with bruce willis howling in silence while hugging his wife , with his mouth so wide open I had to wonder if he was going to try and swallow his wife 's head.Its as if a group of people tried to rig up some sort of formula and decided that a Die Hard type movie with bruce willis would be good but it had to move on up from that formula , so add some personal stake for the negotiator , spice it up with a two layer hostage taking , throw in a Scream type teen screamfest and voila.except , its garbage . You want to see a quality film , find something else . But if mindless psycho screamfests hold you riveted in your seat , well , this one even has a lame hostage plot thrown in , kinda like greasy fries with your crappy cheeseburger . Bon Apetit.For the rest of us , I wish the movie could have carried through with its good first half to the end .
 I totally recommend reading the book by Robert Crais -LRB- 5 stars in my opinion -RRB- . I read it in 2 days and could n't put it down . The movie does n't even come close .
 I DID NOT HAVE HIGH HOPES FOR THAT MOVIE.BUT AT LEAST IT IS A WILLIS MOVIE I SAID TO MYSELF.IT WAS MUCH LOWER THAN EXPECTED.THE THEME WAS INTRIGUING BUT THE SCRIPT IS HORRIBLE.YOU DO NOT KNOW WHO IS WHO.THERE ARE THOSE VILLAINS YOU DO NOT KNOW TO WHICH ORGANISATION BELONGS , A PYSCHO KID WHO STARS ALL AND OVERWHELMINGLY TAKE CARE OF ALL PROFESSIONAL KILLERS.A FATHER IN A LETHAL CONDITION WHO GETS WELL MY A MAGIC !! INJECTION.A KID WHO KNOWS ALL SECRET PASSAGES OF A RATHER COMPLICATED BUILDING.ALOT OF SOUND AND VISUAL EFFECTS HAS BEEN USED TO COVER THE SHAME BUT UNNECESARLY HEAD BLOWING.AND THE STORY END WITH A LOT OF LOOSE ENDS.SORRY MR.WILLIS BUT THIS IS YOUR WORST MOVIE EVER.MY SECOND WORST AFTER K.COSTNER 'S POSTMAN .
 Before directing Hostage , director Florent Siri was the maestro behind a few of the best selling Tom Clancy 's Splinter Cell video games . It can be easy to see that when watching the ultra glossy , over the top action that is found throughout Hostage , which finds Bruce Willis as a burned out hostage negotiator whose family has been taken hostage , and whose lives depend on that of another family taken hostage as well by a trio of young , would be thieves -LRB- Ben Foster , Jonathan Tucker , and Marshall Allman -RRB- . However , things do n't go as well as one would hope , and soon enough good ` ol Bruce has to take matters into his own hands . Willis is pretty good in a role that fits him like a glove , while the glossy action sequences end up being surprisingly tense and bloody to boot . However , Hostage ends up being way more over the top than it should be thanks to the schizoid screenplay , and the performances from Tucker , Marshall , and Foster in particular who apparently would have been better off in the looney bin . All in all , Hostage is worth a look for Willis fans or mainstream action junkies , but you can do far , far better .
 I was excited to see that French director Florent Siri was making his english language debut . I was a huge fan of his fabulous French criminals vs. cops vs. terrorists French action-fest ` The Nest ' . And when I saw that he would be directing ` Hostage ' , starring Bruce Willis no less , I figured it would rock just like his previous film . I was severely deluded.The story goes something like this
 If you enjoyed Robert Crais 's novel by the same name and are expecting a more or less faithful adaptation of the book , you may want to skip this DVD . While it is a somewhat entertaining film , its plot bears only marginal resemblance to the book 's plot.The three kids do not rob a convenience store and kill the owner . The hostages ' home is not one of many homes in a gated community , but stands alone as a fortress at the top of a mountain . In the novel , Mars is a vacant , overweight , hulking psychopath . In the DVD , Mars is a vacant , skinny psychopath . Many of the character 's names are different from those in the book . None of the director 's changes are an improvement on Robert Crais 's novel.And the acting , for the most part , is stilted at best and down-right amateurish at worst . The real star of this film is the hostages ' house , an incredibly ugly fortress-like `` mansion '' complete with steel bars . In other words , nothing like the house described in the book . Oh well , at least it has the security system and hidden passageways described in the book .
 Bruce Willis continues his career slump with this mutated , watered down version of `` Die Hard '' , with Willis in the Al Powell role , minus the twinkies.Willis -LRB- with a full head of hair and beard -RRB- is Jeff Talley a top notch hostage negotaiter who has one very bad day . Fast forward to a year later and Talley -LRB- now clean shaven and bald -RRB- is the Chief of Police of Anysmalltown , CA , where life for him & his family has slowed to a crawl.Talley 's past is about to return to haunt him as three young teenagers follow a wealthy family home and try to steal the family Escalade for a joyride . When the three boys set off the silent alarm , the cops come calling , forcing the boys to hold the family hostage . After Talley lets the higher ups take command , Talley calls it a day and heads for home.Things change tragically when Talley gets held up by a masked man , informing Talley that their is a secret DVD disc inside the rich family 's house and that if he does n't return to the house and get the disc , Talley 's family will die along with the rich family.It 's up to John MacL - er , Jeff Talley to save his family and the day . `` Hostage '' is definitely one of those films that should be caught on `` HBO '' or `` STARZ '' , & thats only if there is n't anything else on.The problem with `` Hostage '' is that you can actually see the plotpoints from `` Die Hard '' , right down to one of the teenage boys trying to channel the menace of Hannibal Lecter with `` Die Hard '' 's uber trash terrorist Hans Gruber -LRB- it does n't work & the kid sucks -RRB- . The acting is terrible . Willis seems to be in first gear & does n't really take off , like he did in `` Die Hard '' . Willis ' real life daughter plays Talley 's daughter in this film & comes across as a whiner -LRB- she has a few lines but nothing earthshattering -RRB- . Kevin Pollock , who is usually funny , looks like he just showed up for his paycheck . The daughter of the rich family is pain in the a.s.s. . The film is a bore . `` Hostage '' opened a couple of weeks ago in theaters & will most likely crash land on DVD near the end of June ' 05 .
 I rarely ever give a movie less than four stars , but this one was filled with so many cliches that I could n't resist . It started off interesting , but after the first 30 minutes I was ready to leave . I stayed through until the end and sadly nothing happened to improve my impression of the film . Bruce Willis was okay , but they had him in tears at least five times if not more . Hopefully Bruce will resurrect his career -LRB- the last piece of trash film he did was `` The Whole Ten Yards '' -RRB- with Die Hard 4.0 which will be released in 2006 . Trust me on this one and wait three months or so until `` Hostage '' swiftly goes to DVD .
 It Could Happen to You was a bit of a disappointment , considering the makeup of the cast
 This could have been a very good movie if the language from one of the cops could have been censored . A shame a movie with a good thought behind it could n't have been shared with the whole family . Not suitable for children .
 Ok , try to follow along.Good-natured cop , Charlie -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- does n't have enough for a tip at a local NYC diner , so he promises his waitress that he will split the tip that he gets from a lottery ticket he has . You know he 's gon na win , too , because Charlie 's all nice n ' all and the Waitress , -LRB- Bridget Fonda 's `` Chavonne '' , I think it is ? -RRB- is down-on-her-luck and needs a big break . Charlie is married to racially stereo-typed Spanish lady -LRB- Rosie Perez ... what happened to her ? -RRB- who whines her way through the picture and insults him constantly . He loves her and stays with her , even though she 's the Wicked Witch of the West looking like she was attacked by Dezi Arnaz 's closet . Anyhow , Charlie wins the lottery and ends up splitting the tip with his Waitress . Oh , and of course , you get the obligitary love story when Charlie cheats on Rosie with his Waitress after both of them run off to the Plaza Hotel after Rosie finds out that they 've been together doing `` friend '' things the entire afternoon . Still following ? Good . Now , you know that Charlie and the Waitress are gon na end up together cuz he 's reeallly , reeeeeally nice n ' stuff and she 's sooo sweet and gentle and kind . Oh , and then there 's this trial thing thrown in for good measure wherein Charlie gets a slap on the hand for cheating on Rosie and she tries to take the money away from him in the process of divorcing . Charlie loses the bout as does the Waitress cuz an American courtroom judge was reaaaallly awfully touched by Rosie 's story that SHE was the one who picked the winning numbers because her dead father told them to her in a dream -LRB- HUH ? -RRB- . And Charlie and the Waitress sorta fall outta love and go their separate ways for a bit until Charlie tells her that he has n't been able to stop thinking about her for days , so , they fall back in love again . Oh , by the way , just because Charlie and the Waitress open the Waitress 's restaurant after hours and give a supposed street-bum a bowl of soup in `` Their Darkest Hour '' , the next day , people from around the country start to send cards -LRB- to her restaurant , no less -RRB- containing cash because they 're realllyy good-hearted people . They get married and live happily ever after . The End . Oh , and I almost forgot , 90 percent of this `` true-story '' never happened in the first place.Ta-da . This has got ta be the most audience-manipulating movie of the decade . -- Matt
 Off-hand , I ca n't think of a worse movie . -LRB- And I think Nicolas Cage has done some truly awesome work in other films -- hey , he 's making a buck , here . -RRB- That 's all . 1/32 star , if possible .
 My wife , my mother and I sat down to watch this and barely made it through a half hour before we all agreed to turn it off . We had expected to like it after it did so well at the box office but the characters are so weak and the plot and dialog are so predictable it was torturous . If you want a romantic comedy pick When Harry Met Sally or Shakespeare in Love . Even Sleepless in Seattle , which is essentially enjoyable fluff , is way better than this movie . I would watch Sleepless again but I could n't even watch all of It Could Happen To You once .
 `` It Could Happen to You '' was originally called `` Cop Gives Waitress $ 2 Million Tip '' and that is essentially what the film is about . A good-natured , honest cop -LRB- Nicholas Cage -RRB- finds himself in a diner one day without enough money to leave his waitress -LRB- Bridget Fonda -RRB- a tip . He makes her a deal , though . He will give her half of the winnings from a lottery ticket he has just purchased . She , of course , expects never to see him again.As you would imagine , the cop wins and his wife -LRB- Rosie Perez -RRB- is ecstatic-at least until she finds out that he has promised to give the waitress half of the money . She viciously nags and berates him , but he wo n't give in . A promise is a promise.The next day the cop returns and informs the waitress that she has won $ 2 million . She is disbelieving at first , but soon comes around to the idea that all of her money troubles are over . They become instant celebrities in the New York media and their faces are splashed across the cover of every tabloid.The wife harbors great feelings of anger and jealousy , though , and eventually kicks out the cop . He falls into the arms of the waitress , with whom he has been sharing a budding , although chaste , romance . Their relationship , though , has some unexpected consequences which lead to the film 's not-altogether unexpected resolution.Writer-director Andrew Bergman is one of the best in the business when it comes to comedy . He was responsible for `` The Freshman '' and `` Honeymoon in Vegas '' among other hilarious films . Unfortunately , though , the emphasis in this picture is on romance , not comedy , and here Bergman 's touch is not nearly so deft.The main problem is in the screenplay . The bulk of the film , especially the second act , is woefully underwritten . There is just not very much going on here and what does happen is all too predictable . The romance is touching , but never very serious or moving , and the laughs are few and far between.Even more ruinous , though , is the performance of Rosie Perez . Once again , she gives her hysterical , hyper-kinetic , Puertan Rican-from-hell performance and it is growing very tiresome indeed . Her muddled accent and grating speech impediment render her dialogue at times virtually incomprehensible . Her time on screen is always painful and all too lingering.Nicholas Cage and Bridget Fonda are both excellent , again proving themselves to be two of the best actors in Hollywood . They are well-cast and quite enjoyable . They are just not enough , though , to save the picture .
 Last night 's bargain rack DVD movie was `` it Could Happen To You '' staring Nicolas Cage and Bridget Fonda . Only Hollywood could come up with something like this . A NYC cop lacks enough money to tip a waitress , a total stranger , so he offers to split a freshly-purchased lottery ticket with her if he wins . She graciously agrees and they part . Well , folks , I bet you ca n't guess what happens . You 're right , he wins 4 million dollars the next day . Then he 's forced into telling his money-grubbing wife that he gave away half of the lottery winnings to a woman he does n't even know and she does n't even know who he is or that he won , but that they had agreed and it was a matter of honor that they split it . Did I mention that the waitress was married to a money-grubbing husband ? Well , I 'm sure you could have guessed by now . Sappy ? Well , that 's only the beginning . Then the financial vultures swirl in and by the time they 're done neither the cop nor the waitress have anything but one another . Again , you probably guessed . But not all was lost , because of the generosity of the cop and the waitress , the wonderful people of NYC send them bundles of five and ten dollar donations to the point where they have over six hundred thousand dollars and they lived happily ever after , or something like that.So , what did I think of this wonderful uplifting fantasy movie ? I think it was the sappiest movie I 've seen in the last decade , maybe more . The cinema was okay . The acting was okay , but Cage looked embarrassed at his own efforts from time to time . It 's hard to imagine any of the cast members taking the script seriously , yet it certainly was n't a comedy . Or maybe it was a comedy and the joke was on the public who paid good money to see it.Gary Peterson
 What a disappointment ! I remember Siskel and Ebert raving over this romantic comedy . Romantic , maybe , but comedy - never . Very predictable plot from beginning to end . And Rosie Perez was truly offensive . A few times I could n't understand what she was saying . There is no way I could buy that she and Cage 's character were attracted to each other . Maybe critics liked this movie because it had no sex , violence , or rough language . Although Cage does get shot in one hold-up scene . It was just that you knew what was going to happen every step of the way . I am beginning to Like Cage more and more as he ages . -LSB- spoiler -RSB- I was really disappointed at the end to find out that the real people whom this story is based on were always happily married to their original partners . Either they should n't have changed it so much or they should n't have let us know about the real story it was based on . -LSB- end of spoiler -RSB- But Fonda and Cage were very engaging together .
 There was a time when the name National Lampoon meant something . It was the breeding ground for a large number of comics and writers , first with the initial magazine and later with its radio and road shows . When it took the dive into feature films it splashed big time with ANIMAL HOUSE and VACATION . But that all changed . Each item connected with the original name died out . The last to go it seems is their films . Every time a new movie comes out with the name National Lampoon attached to it I cringe just a little . And they never disappoint me
 I bought this because Kristanna Loken was in it ... simple as that . Silly and at times , goofy low budget spoofing of the genre has its moments , but overall , not for me .
 I am a fan of older westerns in general and of Tim McCoy in particular . That is why I purchased Bulldog Courage particularly when posted reviews said the film was `` restored/remastered '' . I have any number of `` restored/remastered '' films in my DVD collection . Sadly this film `` ai n't one of 'em ! '' The print is lousy and a huge disappointment . The film 's story content itself is pretty good.Buyer beware !
 Bulldog Courage , 1935 filmA horse-drawn wagon goes down a street , the sidewalks are made of wood . A strongbox is placed on the stagecoach , extra guards in front . A gang awaits the stagecoach , a few of them draws off the mounted guards , the others rob the stagecoach of the strongbox . A message explains why . The Sheriff raises a posse to hunt `` The Phantom '' . Some follow the tracks from the strongbox . Shots are fired , Slim Braddock is hurt and on foot . He is captured.A suit against Pete Brannon is delayed until the bank shipment arrives . But four masked men stop the stagecoach and rob the package . A lone gunman robs the robbers . Can he return the package to Brannon ? Will he meet Ellen , his first girlfriend ? Tim Braddock gets a receipt for the money.Pete Brannon plans to sell to Stanley . Is the buyer a dummy for Williams ? They examine the mine . Who sabotaged the mine supports ? Bailey comes along to do his expert work . Braddock locks him up , and uses his identity . Someone is n't fooled , and locates Bailey . Braddock is n't fooled . Williams is caught but flees . Braddock and Bailey flee the mine before the explosion . Will Williams be trapped by the explosion ? Will the discovery of gold mean a happy ending for the Brannon 's ? Will Tim get revenge for his father?The classic western movie was concerned with saving the property of a small business owner from the greed of a local rich and powerful man . This played well to the audiences of the 1930s and 1940s . Asa Mercer 's book `` The Banditti of the Plains '' inspired many such stories .
 Poorly written . Would not recommend this movie . Even the spectacular actors and talent involved could n't save this terrible plot and poorly written hogwash .
 This was an overall annoying movie with everyone talking over one another most of the time . I guess that was their attempt at making it more realistic?I thought I would be cracking up the whole time based on the trailer but it was not what I would call a comedy . Rather , it was a drama with a couple of awkwardly funny moments . A waste of time . If you 're in the mood for something cute , I just watched Ruby Sparks and would give that 4-5 stars .
 `` Why Stop Now '' is a comedy-drama in which a simple trip to an audition becomes a life-changing adventure . Piano prodigy Eli Bloom -LRB- Jesse Eisenberg -RRB- is on his way to the most important audition of his life , but first he has to drop off his mother , Penny -LRB- Melissa Leo -RRB- , at a drug rehab center.Since Penny is not quite high enough to be admitted , mother and son end up at the door of her dealer , Sprinkles -LRB- Tracy Morgan -RRB- . Since Penny is in debt and Sprinkles is low on product , Eli must play negotiator as the unlikely team hits the streets . A series of comic misadventures ensues , perhaps too many to make the events even passably possible . The cast is in top form , however , though each of the principals has been showcased far better in other projects.Bonus extras on the Blu-ray release include a making-of featurette , interview with Tracy Morgan , and theatrical trailer .
 The mother was the most annoying character ever to hit a screen and the story totally unbelievable ... the acting was terrible too
 The movie centers around Eli -LRB- Jesse Eisenberg -RRB- a piano prodigy who come from a broken family . He has one chance to escape his life and really be free of his family . However things quickly go wrong when he decided to help his mom buy drugs from a drug dealer Sprinkles -LRB- Tracy Morgan -RRB- . For a film about drugs abuse it really rather tame . Even Tracy Morgan was subdued somehow . The film has its great points however and you see a micro back story of each character that Eli has come to interact with . This helps Eli see them has people and not just `` f ups '' has he calls them in the movie . I wish the film just had a little more . If so maybe it could have done better but for a rental I give it 2 stars
 Let 's just say that I would have liked the movie much more if the acting had been even remotely decent . While the story line is plausible and somewhat interesting - what coming out story may not be - the `` actors '' got in the way . Even the blind woman read her lines poorly . And what a name for her - Rocki Cragg ?!? I did n't understand the constant camera attention to her ability to put the tea cup on the table . Was the director trying to tell us the woman is n't blind ? Oh , and what was the deal with Jared watching his roommate in the dark filmed in such a way that we could n't see anything ? -LRB- But I guessed that the roommate was flying solo . -RRB- It was good , however , to see that the main character , who really needed to shave those scraggly hairs from his chin , made a better choice in the end , even if he did chose -LSB- an aroused -RSB- pauper over the manipulative affluent . The ending was kind of sweet , though fleeting . Better looking characters and dialog would have made this film at least a 3 . But , since it is what it is , I do have a used copy available for sale .
 Wow ! Here 's one for the annals of cinematic embarrassments . Basically , this is a gay `` Lamp Unto My Feet . '' It 's about a boy who is questioning his sexuality . He arrives by train from Georgia to Los Angeles , checks into a youth hostel , gets kissed by a boy his own age , freaks out , goes to work for a rich blind women ... , who has a son in his mid-thirties -LRB- although he looks older -RRB- , who seduces this boy -LRB- the boy does n't freak out when kissed , I presume ... -RRB- . The son in his mid-thirties ... , drinks vodka on the rocks in nearly every scene -LRB- even keeps a glass by the bed -RRB- , has a lover , and wants to bring the boy into his relationship to enliven the flames of passion with his live-in . The son is a rich spoiled brat jerk , but who cares . The boy , appalled at the suggestion of a three-way , eventually goes back to the other guy that freaked him out with a kiss at the hostel after the elderly blnd women tells him to not cash in , but to follow his heart . Yawn.The script here makes soap operas seem like dramatic masterpieces ...
 Corey Spears is just so clunkily cute you 'll want to cuddle him up , forgive him anything and probably watch this twice . He ca n't act -LRB- no one in this flick can -RRB- , but he 's got a goofy , adorable quality about him.The Journey of Jared Price is as low budget as low budget can be -LRB- figure a total cost of about 50 bucks -RRB- and looks like it was shot in a couple of afternoons after film class . The acting is terrible -LRB- Rocki Craig wins the award for Most Stilted Actress in a Supporting Role -RRB- , the story is about the oldest gimmick in the book and it 's meant to pluck at your heartstrings . Production values ? Hey , in this world , anyone can get the equipment at Best Buy for a few hundred bucks , and it shows . Still , it makes you want to cuddle up with your boyfriend and have a good sigh . It 's schlock , but doubtless makes big bucks on the direct-to-DVD-market because it 's bad enough to be cute .
 In an interview available on the DVD , the star of `` The Journey of Jared Price '' says that someone once referred to it a gay after-school special . This is an apt characterization
 I 'm sure all the folks involved in making this movie are good people . The DVD contains an interview with the cast and the writer/director , and they all seem pretty likeable ... But the movie just was n't very good.First , the good points . The story was ultimately sweet -- it had heart . I found myself liking Jared and Robert and I rooted for them to get together . -LRB- Corey Spears is so darn cute that I was often distracted from his mostly not-so-great acting ; Josh Jacobson was better . -RRB- The film quality
 The forward button on my remote yet again became very useful while watching this `` gay drama '' . After first 40 minutes I understood that there is nothing particulary interesting in it . Just one more low budget tedious film.Not my piece of cake and I am pretty sure there are n't many who will find it extraordinary .
 It 's a nice little film , but it could have been much better . Innocent , soft-spoken , small town twink moves to The Big City -LRB- L.A. -RRB- with little in the way of possessions but big dreams of success and love . He becomes torn between a jaded , wealthy chicken hawk and a city twink of modest means who truly loves hiim . The story is as old as gay fiction itself , yet it had the potential to work . But the story turns out to be both hard to believe and predictable . How many teenagers in L.A. are able to find a wealthy , compassionate employer days after arriving from home ? How likely is it that the boy in question would find someone who truly loves him only a day after he arrived in town ? The title character is too good to be true , more of a gay fantasy figure than someone you 'd meet in real life . Yet , in spite of plot holes you could drive a truck through , you 'll have no trouble guessing what will happen next . And there 's never any doubt about how the romantic triangle would turn out . Also , the film features poor lighting and shaky camerawork , which strains the eyes . And some of the sex scenes are so voyeristic , they 're creepy.In fairness , there are some pleasures for the viewer . Corey Spears is so adorable , you ca n't help but cheer him on . His looks are handsome yet a little goofy , and he conveys a combinaiton of winsomeness , sensuality , and awkwardness that 's irresistable . Though he was 25 y/o during the filming , he 's completely convincing as a naive teenager . Josh Jacobson is worthwhile as the edgy buddy who loves Jared , and he 's since gone on to some success in film and television . There are also some good scenes . The opening scene where Jared arrives in Hollywood and stares in awe at the new surroundings is completely believeable . There 's a scene between Jared and Matthew , who just wants him as a sex toy , in which Matthew talks of his mother who gave him everything but herself during his childhood . It gives the character some depth rather than making him a two-diminsional creep . And the kind elderly woman who takes Jared under her wing admitting she wished she had been a better mother to her son , who has grown up to be shallow and incapable of love . There are lines and scenes which ring so true . But there are n't enough of them .
 Clearly , this is an amateur production , and it shows . I 'm not expecting a high-gloss on a film that was shot over five days . And I certainly ca n't fault the intentions of the film-maker or cast , but despite my attempting to make it through , the film ended up an unwatchable mess.The performances were flat -LRB- in fact , the actress playing the blind woman can be described as concave ; how can any actress , no matter her skill level have absolutely no affect at all ? -RRB- , and the photography , allowing that digital video has the tendency to be drab , is eye-bleeding .
 In an interview available on the DVD , the star of `` The Journey of Jared Price '' says that someone once referred to it a gay after-school special . This is an apt characterization
 The only reason I was able to view this film in its entirety was that -LRB- I am convinced -RRB- there was some sort of subliminally hypnotic signal in the tape which made it impossible for me to turn off the VCR . Like a helpless observer of some horrible accident , I felt a morbid fascination to continue viewing , so as to see just how bad this thing ultimately could become . The lighting and sound seem to have been handled by members of the wrong union , for the scenes were often far too dark and the tv 's volume had to be increased to the point of distortion to compensate for the terrible sound . This was not a matter of actors mumbling , although they did indeed do that . No , this was a matter of someone apparently using a `` Mr. Mike '' to record the film . The plot itself was terribly shallow and quite absurd . For those who feel compelled to watch this film for the strange sensation of being able to claim they have seen something really bad , at least they can look forward to the unintentionally hilarious sight of seeing the usually wonderful Mr. Walken trying to do a silly softshoe dance . That , however , is not worth the price of this stinker .
 But preternaturally awful in film.Since Gibson 's accomplishments as a writer of science fiction include the coining of the term `` cyberspace '' and several field-advancing novels that shaped the entire course of the cyberpunk sub-genre , it seems an amazing thing that a half-decent film based on one of his books either : A -RRB- Can not be made . B -RRB- Can not be made even with him writing the screenplay . C -RRB- Can not be made with a trillion dollars and an executive order compelling every last American citizen to watch and enjoy it.Some of us have had the misfortune of watching _ Johnny Mnemonic _ , an extrapolation by Gibson on one of his short stories from the _ Burning Chrome _ collection . Even in a career as uneven as Keanu Reeves has had , it 's one of the weaker efforts in a portfolio that includes _ Point Break _ . _ Point Break _ . For the love of God.This latest effort , also taken from the aforementioned collection of short stories , is called _ New Rose Hotel _ , which stars Christopher Walken , Willem Dafoe and Asia Argento , an actress of whom I had not previously heard . The plot , insofar as it goes , is that a maverick researcher from one genetic engineering concern in Germany is wanted by another in Japan . Walken and Dafoe engage in a sort of intellectual larceny by convincing the unhappy and talented to disappear from their current employers and relocate to one who pays Walken and Dafoe . Asia Argento , whose name and soft Italo-Hispanic contralto suggest a career that will unfold between the hours of 2 and 6 a.m. on Cinemax , plays a postmodern lounge singer whose act includes two other women kissing and caressing her through each song . Walken has the brilliant idea to recruit Argento to seduce his quarry for corporate relocation , and it falls to Dafoe to train her properly through no fewer than three nude sequences.I love the work of William Gibson and want to see it onscreen in as many well-conceived adaptations as Hollywood 's small collective mind will permit . This film is not under that category , and in fact is so far away from being in it that particles of light currently at that category may not reach this film for several decades . I guess that I can forgive Dafoe and Walken - we all have balloon mortgage payments or bone-marrow transplants or something that might justify appearing in this for some undisclosed fortune - and Asia Argento will probably never have a chance to work in more dignified settings.Apparently the director 's idea of conveying a dark , near-future setting is to film his researcher in grainy segments that look like an extremely weak television signal for a show that no one wants to view . The omnipresence and power of the corporation , Japanese culture and all of Gibson 's other touches that define the contiguous world of his books are not here . Anywhere . The coffin hotel of the New Rose outside of Narita International is as close as it gets , and by the time you see that you have tired completely of the film 's last third , which is Dafoe and Walken having flashbacks of the film 's uninteresting first two-thirds . Even though I felt suspicious of a DVD title priced less than one night at the base theater with Junior Mints , I felt that a smaller-scale film released without any pretense of competing at the box office might be worth it . Possibly . But do n't buy , rent or allow yourself to waste precious hours of consciousness on this .
 Neither even the stellar acting of the great actors William Defoe and Christopher Walkin , nor the nearly continual gratuitous sex that permeates throughout , could save this boring film nor its weak plot . The sex scenes , which are numerous and ordinarily include several women at once , were actually well done though peculiarly uninteresting . Walkin and Defoe are on their game , and nearly make it a worthwhile viewing , but the script writer and the director were both asleep at the wheel . As a science fiction film , it contains nothing interesting either . The story is boring , and plods through irrelevant scenes . I had high hopes for this film ; thinking it was similar to ` Blade Runner ' and possibly half as good . After watching the first few minutes , I was minded of ` Liquid Sky ' . However , it was n't even half as good as ` Liquid Sky ' , and that is not a great film either , but at least it held the viewers interest . I would n't suggest purchase of this film to anyone who had n't seen it first , and then only if they did n't fall asleep .
 New Rose Hotel has a great plot . Two corporate spies -LRB- Fox and X -RRB- are hired by a company -LRB- Hosaka -RRB- try to steal this Japanese scientist -LRB- Hiroshi -RRB- from one of their rivals -LRB- Maas -RRB- . The two spies end up using a call girl -LRB- Sandii -RRB- to seduce the scientist and convince him to switch sides . X soon falls in love with Sandii and has trouble accepting her affair with Hiroshi -LRB- despite the fact that 's what X and Fox hired her for -RRB- . However , everything is going according to plan and Hiroshi defects to Hosaka . Because of this , X and Fox become millionaires overnight . Unfortunately , the plan backfires when Sandii backstabs Fox and X by defecting to Maas . In the process of her defection ; she is able to reprogram a DNA sequencer -LRB- ? -RRB- that ends up killing Hiroshi and all of the top minds at Hosaka in a lab in Marrakesh that Fox and X set up to hide Hiroshi . Hosaka first makes the millions of dollars they paid X and Fox disappear before they even had a chance to spend it and then come after Fox and X -LRB- who they believe double-crossed them when in fact Sandii double-crossed them too -RRB- . Fox gets killed and X ends up hiding out at the New Rose Hotel reminscing about what went wrong.Great story , right ? Well , if you watched the movie , you would n't have been able to made sense of the plot above . It was only after reading Mr. Gibson 's story that I understood the plot . This movie is incoherrent and if it was n't for the strong performances of Christopher Walken , Willem Dafoe , and Asia Argento , this movie would be a total waste of time . Abel , you can do better !! The movie was pleasant to watch for the most part . No technical glitches or cheap effects . However , what good is a movie if you ca n't understand what 's going on ? That 's the problem with New Rose Hotel . That 's why I give it such a low rating . Unfortunately , this film reinforces the often mistaken reputation of its director for stressing style over substance .
 The great cast of Dafoe , Wlaken , and Argento , winds up in a techno thriller without any thrills and a dud of a plot . Abel Ferrara proves , once again , that he is one of the most hot and cold directors that has ever existed in the history of cinema . For every Bad Lutentant , King of New York , and The Funeral , he also serves up a Dangerous Game , Addiction , and , now , New Rose Hotel.Basically , Chris Walken and Willem Dafoe play a game of genius stealing from a corporation by hiring Asia Argento to get a Japanese mega-brain to defect to another side . But , Willem ends up smitten with Asia , our hooker with the heart of gold , and everything , quite blandly , doesnt turn up roses . Willem spends the final half of the movie in a cubicle moaning over the first half of the movie , flashing back to several scenes we 've already seen and some we didnt need in the first place.The story has no life to it . It feels like they just figured a good movie might pop out of thin air because scene after scene is lifeless and bland . Walken and Dafoe do some far too obvious improvising , and , although they do appear to be having fun , it doesnt work . Argento comes out the worst , simply because she seems the most at ease with her character , is smooth in her acting , so it ends up being a shame that she is so good in , yet another , bad , bad , bad movie . Walken and Dafoe have proven thier talents elsewhere , but Asia has yet to find the movie in witch she can shine.It just goes to show , you can have a great cast , a sometimes notable director , some money , and a crew , but , if you dont bother to have a good story to launch from , the movie is dead from the start .
 This movie peaks when Christopher Walken -LRB- who has never been unwatchable -RRB- declares , `` Fluffy ! '' Watch for it ! It probably is n't as funny as I thought it was , but I could n't stop laughing.The rest of the movie is dreary and slow . I really hate to condemn honest attempts at artistic expression , and I believe that this is an honest attempt . Ferrera makes demands on his audience -- which is fine ; there 's no excuse for laziness -- but when those demands are met , they ought to be rewarded . This movie does not reward what can only be called the stoic endurance of anyone who manages to sit through it.Other reviews have outlined the plot , so I do n't need to repeat it here . I will say , though , that Walken and Defoe are horribly misused in this movie . Art does n't need to be boring . Tolstoy does n't bore us . Hemingway does n't bore us . Orson Welles does n't bore us . Hitchcock does n't bore us . Why does Ferrera sacrifice content at the altar of style ? This movie is n't only tedious , it is * needlessly * tedious . The movie takes a good idea , a good story , and ruins it . You 'll pull your hair out watching Willem Defoe agonize alone in a tiny hotel room for 20 minutes . Guess what he 's agonizing over
 It 's hard to believe Walken and Dafoe wasted their talent on this `` film '' and I use the word film lightly . Half an hour into watching , I had had enough but a friend who expected better things to come compelled me to keep viewing . Not only did better things not come , the movie sunk to further depths of depravity . Not only was the plot miserable , the sound quality was awful and the lighting atrocious . In one scene due to inept lighting you can hardly see the actors because of the darkness shadowing their faces . Mood setting is one thing but obscuring the actors quite another . What a colossal disappointment .
 This is easily the worst movie I have ever seen . In fact , it 's literally used up my crappy movie quota for the entire next year and maybe the year beyond that . There 's a number of issues on why this movie is so unfathomably bad . - For one , the entire budget apparently was spent getting actors Christopher Walkin and William Dafoe . So , everything else was done on a shoestring . This is not of itself bad . But the money was clearly not used wisely . Which means they have a number of scenes that break the cardinal rule of movies which is show it , do n't say it . - Main characters , whose acting is also equally bad to the production values , spend time in scenes talking about what they 're doing , have done , and will do , rather than using any sense of cinematography to * show * the viewer . - The guy the main characters are `` attacking '' never appears in the movie outside them watching a few quick scenes of him in surveillance videos . Again , this would be fine if the videos gave any sense of the character at all . Such brilliant lines are uttered like `` Look at him . He 's a genius '' in response to a 3 second video of an asian man flipping over a circuit board the same as a chimp in a cage would flip over a rock . Your pet dog could come up with better dialog than this . - There 's virtually no direction at all . This movie attempts to appear both gritty and noire at the same time and manages to fail at both . There 's a bunch of scenes of the wet street after rain and blacked out characters running in front of a light source . This should , in theory , look cool and art-deco , but it just ends up looking like a 12-year old produced this with his mom 's VHS video recorder for a Jr High School class . - William Gibson is an interesting writer , but his movies have never translated well to film . Johny Neumonic was a pretty lackluster film , but looks amazing in comparison to this . The story here is likely to go over a lot of normal people 's heads , but given the crowd that would be attracted to this movie to begin with -LRB- scifi fans -RRB- , it is likely to end up insulting the target audience quite a bit through wasting their time and mental prowess through poor quality , horribly wooden acting , and transparent and shallow plot.If you 're considering this movie I suggest going for a walk and thinking a bit or going fishing instead . There 's far more intellectual grit to be had via these activities over wasting your valuable time with movies like this that should seriously be banished off the face of the earth and hidden from alien species in case they ever land here for fear of what they may think of the human species for nonsense such as this .
 I was so bored watching two men who think they are cool get their egos stroked . A couple of ugly sleazeballs and an Italian actress every bit the ideal playmate and she just wants to please . Yuk . The film is slow and actionless . The plot seems to be an excuse for banal titillation . Someone should tell those guys these type of women fake it everytime in bed .
 Christopher Walken -LRB- Suicide Kings , King Of New York -RRB- wants Asia Argento -LRB- Scarlet Diva , Land Of The Dead -RRB- to seduced brilliant geneticist so that he can switch firms . Willem Dafoe -LRB- The Clearing , Shadow of the Vampire -RRB- is Walken 's partner and is in deep love with Argento and as we go threw the story it gets really boring and eventually in the process of seducing the guy , Argento goes missing , she vanishes , but where does she go ? Dafoe ends up flashing back , remembering , thinking , maybe , was it him that Walken and Argento were messing with or whatever ... the flashback segment goes on and on and we are rendered bored watching this poor sap try to puzzle the pieces together and when it comes to the end you dont care about any of the characters . The part where I laughed the most was when Walken was through off to his death ... I think he yelled `` Wow ! '' really loud and all I saw was him fall and go splat ... even when he gets killed , Walken is still the funny man . Also starring Annabella Sciorra -LRB- Jungle Fever , Underworld -LRB- 1997 -RRB- and Gretchen Mol -LRB- The Thirteenth Floor , Forever Mine -RRB- , both are barely in this movie and are wasted . Probably one of Abel Ferrara 's worst . This was released in 1999 but shot in 1997 .
 This was the worst movie that I have ever seen ! I can honestly say that because I actually watched the whole thing . Every frame of it . I wanted to Give Mr. Walken & Mr. Dafoe the chance of finishing the movie in some extrordinary way ... but they did n't ! I can not say that I 've seen anything by the director . this will however be the last movie he directs that I watch . the screen play was terrible , the cinematography was lousy , the acting was the worst that I 've ever seen from actors with such an impressive list of credits . I 'm seriously thinking about writing to the production company about getting a refund for the Dollar that I spent renting it.PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE !!! I am begging amazon to remove this from their catologue because who ever buys this movie will be extremely upset with them and will probably never buy any thing from them again.The only reason I gave this movie a one star rating is because they did not have a negative star designation.THANK YOU FOR LETTING ME RANT
 Look , it 's like this.The story New Rose Hotel , by William Gibson is one which hilights the decay of society through peoples own self destructive impulses and that never ending bain of humanity greed.As a story , New Rose Hotel is to be honest way to short to even contemplate making a movie out of it . There 's just not enough there and when I watch the movie , it shows immensely . Dafoe and Walken are 2 of my favourite actors and there performance together I found to be of good status . What this movie needed to do was give the viewer a good explanation as to the status of the society , this different world , basically an atmosphere . Instead it gives you a blurred corporate scene and then your thrown into a bar with women that ca n't sing and the 2 main characters forcing themselves to make out there enjoying the poor entertainment . The exchanging of information should have been more secretive and when people wispered in others ears you should have been given a zoom on that audio . Then there was the main guts of the story , with the nano technologist . This was what could have been the movies saviour , alas it was brushed over and the conversations where the main focus of the movie . This brings me to my last annoyance . The person in charge of camera directing should have been ... . Instead of seeing people interacting together at important sections of the story , you got terrible close ups of single faces that were below amateur quality and destracted you from the dialogue . All in all Gibson should have written extra material for the movie and a lot more should have been spent on atmosphere to enhance the intrigue of the story , even if it meant getting more cost effective actors . ... I like to end with a positive note , and the only one I can make as far as capturing the story goes , is that the end scene that Dafoe acted out at the end was effective enough.If your like me and a fan of William Gibson and these two great actors , you may want this movie as part of your collection , but I tell you now , after your first viewing it 's one that will sit and gather dust very quickly .
 I fell asleep watching this movie . Nothing ever seems to happen . Not much of a plot . A waste of good actors .
 An unbelievable mess , this incredibly confusing movie makes Ferrara previous `` The Blackout '' a model of narrative clarity . This shoddy movie is one of the reasons that Ferrara has become more and more a marginal figure -LRB- his films are now barely released in the US -RRB- . The reason why actors of the caliber of Dafoe and Walken starred and produced this movie is beyond me . The only thing that makes this movie worth a look are a few nude scenes from the beautiful Asia Argento .
 I bought this one because a -RRB- it 's hard to find on video and b -RRB- the idiosyncratic Asia Argento is in it . Interesting to follow her career up to this point , a mix of strange arthouse films -LRB- New Rose Hotel , B. Monkey -RRB- and European productions -LRB- Phantom of the Opera , La Reine Margot -RRB- . But New Rose Hotel was an eyesore.Abel Ferrara 's continued pretenses towards some kind of metaphysical statement are beginning to annoy greatly . New Rose Hotel is just as heavy-handed , drug-clouded , boring , and pretentiously acted as any '90s Ferrara film -LRB- aside from the more accessible commercial fare The Body Snatchers and the acclaimed Bad Lieutenant -RRB- . Ferrara manages to take two great actors , Willem Dafoe and Asia Argento , and direct them in such a way as to eliminate both of them of any charm whatsoever . His idea of internal complexity seems to be letting Dafoe sit in the dark with a pensive expression on his face . And Christopher Walken ? He 's been sleepwalking all the way through the '90s , saddled with role after role where he tries to be cool and impenetrable , succeeding only in being a nuisance.The DVD 's filmographies are interesting as is the `` trivia game '' concept , though the film itself is so incredibly uninvolving that I would hardly recommend adding this DVD to a collection .
 There 's really very little I can say about this film , except that it was absolutely awful in every aspect . One of the worst pieces of cinematic trash in recent years , the film is so dull as to be essentially unsalvagable . Most of the budget appears to have been blown on hiring DaFoe and Walken . The special effects are laugable . In one scene , Walken uses his ultra-advanced bioneotek PDA in a conference with his contact Mr. Cane . A camera closeup reveals that this is a PALM PILOT III with BLACK ELECTRICAL TAPE across the top to hide the lettering . Presumably , the Producer did n't want any damage to the precious $ 179 organizer because they planned to return it to Staples.It also appears that the crew ran out of money , since SPOILER ALERT Walken dies after falling off of a mall balcony FOR NO REASON WHATSOEVER and the second half of the film is devoted to DaFoe grimacing in psychic agony as he remembers flashbacks of IDENTICAL scenes from the first 45 minutes of the movie.So truly bad , this movie can not even aspire to cult status .
 What a waste of talent coming from a cast of -LRB- usually -RRB- wonderful actors . Walken & Dafoe in endless incoherent banter . The beautiful Asia Argento , who is Italy 's most famous actress is miscast in this horrible mess . What a shame ! I have seen the work of all these actors but this one is a huge , awful attempt to be artistic . Director Abel Ferara , who has made one of my most favorite movies -LRB- like Bad Lieutenant w / Harvey Keitel -RRB- thoroughly dissapoints me in this shoddy piece . Everything is tacky , including the quality of the film . This is by far , the worst movie by a talented director made w / three awesome actors EVER made . Rent it but do not buy .
 Im a huge Ferrera fan , i love his dark , no light at the end of the tunnell aproach to filmaking ... howver this movie is just terrible ! I mean really freaking bad . Like , the worst I have ever seen . Walken couldnt help it , and neither could Dafoe.Whether its Neo-punk or not shouldnt even matter , this movie is HORRIBLE !
 `` New Rose Hotel '' is the second attempt to turn a William Gibson story into a feature-length film -LRB- after the fairly disastrous `` Johnny Mnemonic , '' starring King of Inexpression Keanu Reeves -RRB- , and its pedigree is what drew me toward it
 It took me 4 separate sessions to sit through this abortion . I 've read Neuromancer , so I 'm not ignorant of Gibson 's work . I do n't care if this movie is a great adaptation of the book ... that just tells me that the book must be equally as boring.The `` eroticism '' is cheesy , the story meanders ... it 's as if noone was really interested in making this . If so , it shows.If this had been a low budget b-movie , it might have had `` so-bad-it 's - good '' potential . Nope.I did n't want to even give it 1 star , really , but I 'll say it 's for the minor nudity & the so-so performances by Walken & Dafoe .
 Ugh , I did n't even finish watching this movie . It 's incredibly * BORING * . We enter the movie with two people halfway through a conversation , and it gets more confusing from there . The plot is minimal , at best , and the movie is basically a bunch of idiotic nonsensical conversations and sex scenes . Forunately , they were n't at the same time . Avoid this trash at all costs .
 This film was a real shame for the following reasons : A -RRB- The treatment of Bipolar has come far from the Stone Age treatment we are forced to sit through.B -RRB- I am tempted to believe that not all of these charecters are `` Actual '' Bipolar , but reading bland lines.Essentially : I found this film : Out of dateCondescendingInaccurateFull of `` Pop Psych `` It 's a shame Amazon still has the guts to sell this.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY , TIME , OR THOUGHT ON THIS PRODUCT .
 This movie doesnt even measure up to a kindergarten play . The story line was well conceived but just goes down hill from there . The script fails miserably but no big deal , no one in the movie seems to have any actual acting skills either . There wasnt a believeable moment anywhere in the movie . Sorry but I do not recommend wasting any time on this one .
 I enjoy watching biker movies in the winter but this one was hard to finish . Do n't waist money buying or time watching .
 Borderline propaganda thinly disguised as entertainment ... This movie is so preachy and politically heavy-handed , that after watching it you 'll feel like you 've been socked in the jaw by Michael Moore.The gist of the movie is that the `` hero '' kids want to dictate how and what they 're taught in school , particularly regarding sex education . Sort of defeats the purpose of education if the kids are so convinced they already have all the answers , but this irony/hypocrisy is apparently lost on the filmmakers . The kids go to such obnoxious extremes to enforce their will on the school administration , that it 's hard to imagine that any objective viewer will still be rooting for them by the end of the movie , and yet that is clearly the filmmakers ' deluded intention . I found myself rooting for the `` evil '' high school principal . I wonder if the filmmakers would be proud that I rebelled against their establishment , or disturbed that I chose the `` wrong '' side.Some of the things held up as liberties are so laughably absurd , that it makes the kids look more stupid than bravely idealistic . -LRB- Pretending to commit suicide during a school talent show is a constitutional right ? Seriously ? -RRB- As one might expect , this movie follows the disturbing trend of portraying all kids as good and wise and most adults -LRB- except for those that agree with the kids , of course -RRB- as bad and buffoonish . The characters are all one dimensional . The `` antagonist '' adults are portrayed as having no redeeming qualities whatsoever.This movie was `` inspired '' by actual events . Somehow , I have the feeling that the `` real '' kids probably did have a legitimate gripe against an overbearing principal . However , the kids in the movie are so blindly convinced that they are right and everyone who disagrees with them is wrong , that they elicited no empathy from me at all .
 The video store was completely out of all the major movie titles , so I 'm looking around and land on Kids in America . At first I did n't really want to rent it , but since there really was n't much else I just went ahead with it . This movie was absolutely horrible from start to finish . This movie has no plot , terrible acting , among other things that make this movie terrible . It is honestly an unwatchable movie . I literally had to turn it off 45 minutes into it because I was bored and Nicole Richie 's acting made me lose braincells . So please stay away from this movie it will rot your brain and bore you to death .1 / 5
 I think the fact that Nicole Richie did n't have to audition for kids in america says it all . She has no discernible talent and she gets by in this film by playing the only role she is capable of
 AWFUL !!! If ever there was a case for barring someone from the film industry , this piece of trash is it . Money DOES NOT equate talent -LRB- or common sense in the case of Nicole Richie -RRB- . This movie has little plot and Richie 's zombie-like `` acting '' puts the deep freeze on anything you might want to get out of the film . There 's a reason the rest of the cast is made up of unknowns and little known bit players in Hollywood.There have been some pretty dense actors through the years , but Nicole Richie is by far the runaway winner of all time . She even believes her award from Harvard is something good ! Some people learn they do n't have the skills to be in the business after the first flop , or at least after the second bomb . Nicole , however is obviously too blinded by her bedazzled sunglasses and purse to be able to recognize she has been in FOUR of the worst movies of all time , been to jail many times , does daily drugs , makes sex tapes , and spends her dads credit card . So the next time someone wants to cast Nicole Richie ... nevermind . Said enough . Stay far away from this movie!Was the above review useful to you ? -LRB- Report this -RRB-
 Except for Nicole Richie 's delusion that she has comic -LRB- or any -RRB- talent , the movie 's worst sin is that it is inept 95 percent of the time . The remaining 5 percent is kind of cute .
 I was very offended when I saw this movie played on a local TV station . I am relatively young -LRB- 26 -RRB- , but even I see the danger these kinds of movies are to our society .1 . This movie encourages and promotes rebellion . The adults are portrayed as stupid and hardheaded . Already kids/teens are very disrespectful to adults and teachers . Teaching them to swear at and fight authority is utterly wrong ; no wonder we have so many people breaking laws . There is no respect for authority .2 . This movie showed a scene were students were all kissing/making out with each other ; guys with guys , girls with girls , etc. . What is next on movies for teens - naked orgies ??? Lets get this straight - I work as an emergency department RN , and I see teens come in with STD 's on a daily basis . WE DONT NEED MORE MOVIES TO ENCOURAGE TEEN SEX !!! Already kids are oversaturated with sex everywhere ; there is no need for this . Studies are showing that just promoting condoms do not work ; condoms are not 100 % effective against HIV , Herpes , HPV , Chlamydia , pregnancy , or Gonorrhea ; only abstinence is !! -LRB- a HIV virus is hundreds of times smaller than a sperm cell , and condoms were only invented to prevent the passage of sperm ; but are still only 80 % effective against pregnancy ... who would gamble with their life that way ??? -RRB- 3 . Why do n't we encourage sweet innocence on movies anymore ??? I am going back to watching Little House on the Prairie and Brady Bunch ; shows that were clean , healthy for families , and taught good lessons . I do not want my children watching movies encouraging them to ridicule teachers . I want my kids to look forward to learning , to be kind and respectful , and to spend their time studying hard and getting good grades . TH4 . Most teens in the USA are spoiled and selfish . I 've been overseas where people are grateful for even the basics of life . THE KIDS IN THIS MOVIE SHOULD GO OVERSEAS TO INDIA AND SEE WHAT LIFE IS LIKE WITHOUT HIGH SCHOOL OR TEACHERS !!! THEY SHOULD BE THANKFUL THEY EVEN HAVE FOOD , HOUSING AND BOOKS TO LEARN FROM !!! -LRB- And that they even have teachers in the first place !!! -RRB- 5 . Let schools get like what is being promoted in this movie and people will even more so
 A movie that champions freedom of speech for Bigots as the only freedom they promote is freedom for themselves but not for any who has different points of view ... This piece of piled on propaganda is uneven and a great example of card stacking argumentation ... It is the usual technique of like minded folks to portray anyone who disagees with them as totally stupid and evil ... First of all it portrays a crowd of conformists . . Whenever ever everyone thinks a lot ... NO ONE THINKING ... These are the same people who would shout down any conservative speaker who might appear on their campus ... I taught school for years and these are not typical high school kids ... What ` principles / '' did these infant minds brains champion ? Drugs , homosexuality , free sex on demand ... No counter arguments are given any space ... These ` champions of freedom ? ' would protest against any science teacher who would offer arguments championing the theory of creation science , any stuent starting a Bible club , the formation of ROTC classes ... These are examples of the people who have controled our culture since 1963 and helped to champion new sexually transmitted diseases , 40 % of children being born to unwed mothers , increased drug use , ignorance of American history , falling graduation rates ... THE SLOGAN OF THE PEOPLE WHO CREATED THIS TRASH ... FREEDOM OF ` ME ' BUT NOT FOR ` THEE ' ... Jack Schlatter
 The movie is not engaging , The acting is not realistic , You have actors doing a bad job of playing actors ... you just ca n't believe the actors .
 The first one had a camp value and there seemed to be some kind of redeemable quality about it , this was just trash from the word go . A thin premise that allowed them to show a lot of bare skin and enough simulated sex to almost qualify it as porn . Every stereotype and preconception of the gay lifestyle that 's used by the right wing to attack us is thrown up onto the screen and sets us back another twenty years . Celebrity guest stars ? I do n't consider porn stars celebrities , and the few real celebrities there were , barely qualify . I was sad to see RuPaul lend her talents to this trainwreck . I do n't know how they pay to make these things , but it 's a sad world where this crap gets made and more deserving scripts are sitting somewhere collecting dust . I 'll know NOT to even bother should the sevent seal be broken and they make a third installment .
 I did like the first movie , which I thought , while not the funniest or most original movie I 've ever seen , it did have it 's own charm . Unfortunately , this movie has little to no charm at all - in a lot of ways , it 's just stupid . A lot of it is just promotional spots for a lot of the sponsors of the movie . And , even though several of the actors are cute , they mostly come off as caricatures and just overact like crazy . Maybe they need to try the method ` less is more ' . Personally , the main character Nico is just plain annoying . I do n't mind characters that are a bit nelly , but for God 's sake , find a little testosterone at least ! And Perez Hilton can just go the f# ck away ! It 's really just disappointing - the premise is not bad , but the execution just sucks.If you want to see something that is as fluffy as cotton candy -LRB- and with some possible indigestion -RRB- , then you might want to rent this . Otherwise , see the original instead . At the end tney make reference to a third installment . If so , I sure hope that it 's a hell of a lot better than this one .
 Perhaps one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Not much else to say . Terrible plot , terrible jokes -LRB- to the point that they even ruin the raunchy humor and render it un-funny -RRB- . And to add a fat annoying turd on top of an incredibally nasty sundae would be Perez Hilton is littered throughout the movie . What more is there to say ? DO N'T SEE IT !!! It 's not even one of those really bad movies that people talk about where you want to see just how bad it is -LRB- the kind of bad that it 's almost funny -RRB- . This is just bad .
 Well , for USA standards -LRB- afraid to see a boob on TV -RRB- this `` unrated '' doesnt ' t make any sense.For European standards a too over exagerated too campy film .
 I enjoyed the first film , Another Gay Movie , a raunchy sex-romp by and for gay men . The sequel is a thorough train wreck , sad to say . Only two of the original actors return , Jonah Blechman as Nico and Scott Thompson as Andy 's Dad . The other 3 `` friends '' of Niko are played by different actors . I laughed at the jab by Nico 's mom about actors not returning to gay roles so they are n't thought to be gay ... but after watching the entire film I think they did the right thing . -LRB- Note
 This movie would have been great if the quality didnt suck . It was pausing every two second so I could n't even understand what they were talking about . Bullshit .
 Tonight I sat down to watch the newly arrived `` Another Gay Sequel '' DVD , expecting it to at least live up to the standard of `` Another Gay Movie '' -LRB- which I had thoroughly enjoyed and can happily recommend -RRB- . I found myself reaching for the remote to fast forward through too many scenes . The Sequel is really REALLY flaky , extra fluffy and totally pointless . There 's nothing at all to be gained by watching it - certainly not any sense of entertainment.I wo n't even bother keeping the disc in my collection - not even as an example of tragic and pathetically excessive `` gay '' genre movie making .
 I decided to watch this as mindless , campy entertainment . I 'm almost ashamed that I sat through it all . This may be one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . It 's not an enjoyable/campy bad ... it 's just bad . Shockingly bad . I ca n't even imagine why anyone decided to invest money and time into making this . Even RuPaul manages to be boring . There 's no wit , no originality , no sexiness ... it 's just dumb cliches and really bad acting .
 Clich&eacute;d , pointless , hopeless plot , disgusting raunch . . Misses the mark completely . I am so glad I did not buy this movie.The first one was great!It is not even worth penning a decent review or spell check . lol
 It 's no wonder almost none of the original cast reappeared for this sequel . To say that this movie was bad , would be an understatement . The writing was bad , the chemistry between the actors was bad , the film was bad . I understand how they thought this may be funny doing a parody of every sorry scene from all kinds of films but it just did n't work . It came off cheap , gross and worst of all , boring !! So do not waste your time or money . Skip this one because it contains none of the fun of the first film `` Another Gay Movie '' .
 As funny as the first movie was , this one was just awful . About 15 minutes in , I realized just how bad it was going to be and it never got better . The sad part is I was so excited for this movie to come out!The dialogue is awful . The eye candy is there , but it 's just too silly . Another review says `` it is what it is '' and I completely agree . Thumbs way down .
 Save yourself the grief , rent it , if you absolutely must , but dont buy it . NOTHING at all like the first one . Bad sets , bad acting and almost a whole new cast . It lost the charm & the humor , and they substituted it with a very ill looking RuPaul in he/she drag , and the obnoxious , overated , hard to look at Perez Hilton . The only good thing about this movie is the return of Jonah Bleckman , who cant even save the movie , because it is just not funny ! Just skip over this one , your not missing anything at all .
 After immensely enjoying the first movie , we were not only disappointed but often disgusted by the second . Instead of making witty and funny movie like the first , they made a stupid , crass and gross movie.don ' t waste your time or money on this !
 `` Hollywood '' , wherever that may be today , which is anywhere . . amazes even me , a movie freak . Producers giving money to a film that 's NOT funny , not even CLOSE ! ... the ONLY thing good about THIS movie and it lasts about 1-2 minutes . . is the scene when Brent Corrigan -LRB- porn actor with an ass of GOLD ! -RRB- . . plays the merman and comes out of the water , he was great ... otherwise this is one of the worse movies I 've ever seen.I loved the first one and they did n't have to do the same exact script ... but there was NO script , it was all about slapstick which was horribly done . . do not buy it . . go to the LIBRARY , if they have it , and borrow it for FREE . . do n't waste another penny on this bomb ... -LSB- ... -RSB- OK ENUF !! Tony -LRB- nyc -RRB-
 Loved the first movie and really wanted to like the sequel . a couple laughs does not make a comedy . the throw up scene was a rip off of the `` team america '' puppet movie . been there seen that.having poop on the guys lips was not funny . it was just plain bad humor . it fell flat.the movie just had a lot of down time between the FEW funny moments.come on guys ... we have the talent out there.you can do better .
 Please do n't waste your money and time with this `` movie '' . It sucks !! . . Although one of the main characters is beautiful !
 I saw the original movie and enjoyed it , but this was a total waste of time . I did watch it all the way through , but was tempted to stop many times as the whole thing was ridiculous .
 Like many gay themed movies the cast changed heavily which was disappointing , but the new actors did well . The whole movie was a series of commercials for several gay themed products ; literally looking into the camera to talk about the products and services . It was in character and campy , which is to be expected from the movie , but it was still WAY WAY WAY too much . All the jokes were way to much . There is a scene with violent vomiting that went on for too long , I actually had to fast forward through it . It was unnecessarily too long . The campiness prevents the movie from being anything other than a joke of film - you ca n't get into the characters or have an appreciation for them . Niko 's watersports ballet was very well done .
 The story line is ridiculous . The acting is pedestrian . It has zero of the charm and innocence of the first one . The boys are all new , except for one . None of them are close to being as cute as the original set . It 's just a gross , insipid waste of time and any amount of money .
 Jonah Blechman & Scott Thompson reprise their roles from the original Another Gay Movie . Otherwise , nobody else returns for this sequel ... and after watching it I understand why . Bad writing coupled with inept acting has created an awful movie . RuPaul and Lady Bunny both have supporting roles . RuPaul is the highlight of the whole movie and Lady Bunny is good but I just did n't like her character.The main premise is our quartet is reuniting for Spring Break in Florida . They are competing for the title
 The first part was so funny , that I thought this one would be 10 times better , was I disapointed !! They use a lot of disgusting things to try to make it funny , and yes that means `` Perez Hilton '' in a ton of scenes . Someone needs to tell that man , when you are dead lie down ! There was also annoying product placement . It is a shame !! They should have followed what Eating Out did with their sequel . That was a true gay sequel !!
 The second installation of the `` Another Gay '' movies was pretty lame ... Do n't think you 're buying a movie with the same characters ... Only one of the original 4 boys is the same ... the `` replaced '' the others ... It was pretty dumb and not worth the money ... certainly do n't buy it ...
 `` Another Gay Movie '' was campy and fun . The sequel was a complete waste of time . Only one of the actors from the first movie made it into the sequel ; the rest were recast with inferior actors . The campiness and color were both there , but the fun was missing . Watch if you really want to , but be forewarned that this does n't hold a candle to the first .
 Another Gay Movie was a great little film . It was campy , but it was also fun , witty and clever . Now comes Another Gay Sequel . I have a hard time believing the filmmakers could n't think of anything better . This movie is just plain AWFUL ! The charm that the main characters had is completely gone in favor of giant crabs -LRB- complete with an animated musical revue -RRB- , an ode to `` golden showers '' , zombies in a bath house , and incredibly tacky product placements and plugs galore . The plot is practically non-existent , the sex and nudity are not sexy -LRB- even though the actors are quite beautiful -RRB- , and the campiness is so overdone it 's embarassing . Basically , this movie does everything wrong . I feel bad for RuPaul and Perez Hilton , who had such prominent roles in such a terrible movie -LRB- this movie is right up Lady Bunny 's alley , however -RRB- . I sat down and watched this with my partner and my roommate and I had to grit my teeth to get through it because I was SO embarassed it was me who picked this film!Rent this first , do n't buy it . Thank goodness for Netflix !
 This movie is one of worst movies ever made . When only one main actor returns for a sequel you know it has to be bad . Plus , Rupaul must have been very desperate for money to lower herself to be in such a stinker . Even the eye candy is n't worth the pain caused by watching this movie . Do n't waist a penny on this trash .
 Do n't waste your money ! The 1st one was stupid-fun . The sequel is patethic , with worst acting ever and ridiculous `` plot '' . Not one funny scene in the entire movie .
 Gosh . I saw the first one , which had cute actors and a very good and funny plot , however , this sequel ... what was that ? money maker ? Completely trash . It seemed a parody -LRB- very bad one -RRB- on the first movie . The story -LRB- was there one ? -RRB- was bad . The actors , only the one who has the gay father is gorgeous . What a body ! I did regret having bought it . Even having seen it . But , if you enjoy trash parodies ...
 Funny how gay-themed films like 1970 's `` The Boys in the Band '' are still reviled by many but movies like `` Another Gay Sequel '' are somehow made in a more `` enlightened '' time but are - in their own way - far more offensive.I totally trashed the original so why did I rent this one ? Because I was bored . When I saw the first movie I did n't think it could get any worse . I was wrong . `` Another Gay Sequel '' is much , much worse . Jonah Blechman , the only returning actor from the original , is also a producer on this film . Would that he stayed behind the camera . As in the first , Blechman 's character is unfunny and irritating . Also , the abundance of grossout jokes is taken to the extreme , some of them making me wonder if this film is being subversively anti-gay . And hey look , it 's Perez Hilton , stopping the film dead every time he appears . And he appears far too often . You can almost see the flop sweat on the film.It really says something when the best performance in the film is given by a gay porn star in a small role . No , I 'm not talking about Colton Ford who should have stopped once he got naked . It 's Brent Corrigan who , in the role of a merman , manages to be as cute as a button and sweet.Abysmal all around . Let 's hope that if a third is made - god forbid - Blechman also gets replaced . That would be a small mercy . Even better , how about not making a third film at all ? I do n't think anybody really wants one all that much .
 I was very disappointed with this movie . It was not as good as the first movie . The comedy was very stupid and I think this really makes gay people look bad .
 With gay men steeped in depression , these nellie hystrionics are worth it for the escapist value . Watch it & chuckle with a friend .
 ok , this is n't really a sequal , just more of the same jokes from the 1st movie , `` Another gay movie . '' This sequal is not funny , suffers from really bad editing and plot lines and is a near-total waste of time . The scary part is that there is going to be another sequal called , `` Gays is Space . ''
 Seriously . He 's not funny . He just yells out racial slurs and racist comments ... which in itself is not bad IF it is told in a form of a joke . But he does n't tell jokes , he just says racist crap in a tone that almost tries to convince you that it 's suppose to be funny.Stupid people will laugh at his stuff . And if he does have good material every now and then , most likely he stole it from other comics.Just search for Bill Cosby and Carlos Mencia on youtube , you can see an example of blatant and shameless plagarism .
 This DVD might be worth it 's money if it was of the original comedian who wrote all his jokes . Carlos MenSTEALia has a great delivery ... it 's just too bad he ca n't come up with his own material !
 I got this as a gift and if it was n't alreay opened , I would have returned it . Theres nothing new or novel about the humor in the series . Its the same old tired race jokes throughout .
 This copy did not contain &#34; Making of . . &#34; which does exist on the local library 's copy . Nowhere in the description is it stated that the short making of film is not included.Very disappointing .
 Catherine DeNeuve is a gem as always , but the rest is a passer . Little value offered here for your money .
 My wife and I see a fair number of French films , but after 40 minutes , we found it too uninteresting to spend any more time with . Luckily , we saw it on TV , so I do n't have the DVD of it .
 While a Blu-ray content provider is free to choose the audio codec/s for their own disc , I found the lack of legacy Dolby Digital 5.1 or DTS 5.1 a negative considering that the only way surround PCM can be received by an A/V receiver or pre/pro is via HDMI , a feature not present in millions of legacy A/V receivers that still use optical/coax digital inputs for legacy DD and DTS lossy codecs.Additionally , the only way one could find this out is by actually ordering the disc , because Amazon product specification is misleading and incorrect , which is a common problem in Amazon.Regarding the content itself , I concur with the statements others have made about Maria being overweight , boringly walking slowly around the stage for the entire show , and the songs not as melodic and nice as they use to be.The price for a Blu-ray title at 1080i was reasonable when originally released compared to a two-channel CD , and we hope that prices would still come down .
 When you compare this dvd to the 1993 performance in the Proctors Theatre New York , it really is a disappointment . She is like a complete different person now , without the vocal power of 15 years ago . If you ask me , I would rather listen to the 1993 version of Hero , than this one.I do have to say that the picture and audio quality of this dvd is really good but that does n't make it a good concert . Just buy the older dvd 's of Mariah and do n't waste your money on this .
 Because we received the wrong Blu ray ... we ca n't watch it here in the Netherlands.The region code is not right.We orderd 3 blu rays , two of them where good ... and the most important one we ca n't see or hear.to bad ... wasted money !
 I went to the Adventures of Mimi Tour in NYC @ Madsion square garden . I have always been a huge mariah fan since i was little so this was big for me . This was the 1st time I would be seeing her live and lets just say ... i expected more . 1st off she came out an hour late . the opening act started at 7:00 . Mariah wasnt out till like 9:30 !! THATS TOO LONG . LONGEST IVE EVER WAITED FOR A MAIN ACT AT A CONCERT . she did all the hits , but never danced once . just stood there stiff . lol . then she mad a big issue about the lighting and stoped in the middle of '' Fly like a bird '' and bitched and complained like the diva that she is . I love mariah to death but i dont know i just wanted it to more entertaining , more lively . I was bored to death . I feel like I wasted my money on my ticket and why the hell would i buy this dvd . in other words if you didnt go , you didnt miss much of anything . Her tour was not worth it !!
 She lost her voice !!! So Sad !!! Nothing else to say more than recommending to you not to buy this trash ...
 I collect concert DVD 's and I purchased this DVD for my collection . I could not wait to see it despite all bad reviews . I like Carey , but she is just not good in concert , this concert is very boring . There is nothing spectacular about it or even visual . She does n't dance , she sings ok and the concert is more like a TV show -LRB- a boring one -RRB- . The only nice thing about this concert was the lighting and its just good not spectacular . I expected more from her !! Save your money for something better , it 's not worth it !
 I 've seen this DVD and nearly fell asleep ! I could n't believe how lifeless her show was ! She did n't do anything but wobble around on high heels ! No wonder she did n't sell out all her shows ! ... and she is SO FAT ! I HIGHLY recommend Madonna 's Confessions tour DVD !! ... THAT WAS A GOOD SHOW !!!
 Unfortunately I havent seen anything , because you sent me this blue-ray dvd with a wrong regio code , so my playstation3 was n't able to play it back . Surprisingly , the other one -LRB- I 've ordered an other dvd -LRB- Shakira -RRB- at the same time -RRB- was good.Why you did n't mention the need for choosing the regio code during the ordering process?Would you be so kind to send me an other one with the good regio code?Thanks in advanceCsaba Bartos
 Mariah has one of the most beautifully gifted voices in the world . I love her new identity and the R & B direction that she went with her career.However , this concert is one of the worst I have seen . She barely sings to her songs , just adds styling in while her background singers belt it out . And the few times she actually sings her songs , you are almost relieved for her and for the fans that paid to see the concert . She rambles on and on in between songs and although she truly seems to love her fans and want to involve them , she does not reward them with well sung music.All that being said , it was watchable , but then again , a train wreck is possible too .
 for some unknown reason , my $ 500 Oppo blue ray player brought from amazon can not read this particular disc , i have it replaced , but the second one also freeze on the same spot . however , the oppo play many other disc with no problem
 I am just writing this to help other customers avoid this type of seller called `` Caiman '' . Straight to the point . I bought it a week early before bestbuy got it only for cheaper . I ended up paying $ 32 dollars with shipping when you can find it bestbuy for under $ 20 . The other problem I had from this item was that it was international and there was no way I could play the dvd . The seller had this item under regional when it was n't . I gave to my sister as a christmas present she is been waiting for a refund or a exchange . She got tired and when to buy at bestbuy . I am still waiting to get a refund or a exchange since the begining of January and as of today they told that they have n't received my returned item . I do n't about other sellers but the safer way is to buy it directly from the store and not a seller . Directly from amazon if it ever becomes available or bestbuy .
 No wonder why she has to take off her clothes on stage . She has no charisma on her live shows . If you want to see a real live show look for Madonna or Tina Turner .
 Eh , I guess I was expecting something over-flowing with information but this was just general knowledge about mushrooms . Early they state that American know little about mushrooms , which is true , and then they proceed to give very little education about them . If it does anything it makes me want to watch something with a little more facts about mushrooms , maybe that was it 's intent ...
 This movies has some useful information included in a large amount of speculation and inaccurate myths . All of the topic speakers are aged hippies , which is fine except they neglected to even take off their fantasy mushroom and tie-dye shirts or even stay in a lucid mindset for the movie . In a section where they 're talking about several different mushrooms they sell at farmers markets with various qualities like curing a runny nose , they fail to mention the species other than `` It 's this one - holds up - '' . Included are small trivia bits about mushrooms , in one they bring up that Lewis Carroll is speculated to have written Alice in Wonderland partially based on fly agaric amanitas . This is pure conjecture , the book was written as a fairy tale for a little girl and also to refelct Carroll 's views on newly developing theories of mathematics . Any actual documentary would have taken care to fact check high-school legends before quoting them . Additionally there are several scenes where a narrator contradicts themselves -LRB- The mushroom grow this way because it 's in a low carbon dioxide environment , the lack of oxygen is what causes this -RRB- . Do not take any information here dear to heart , and DO NOT attempt to hunt mushrooms because the large blackish one supposedly cures a head cold .
 I am so thoroughly disgusted with this documentary that I have stopped it and needed to write a review . There is almost no usable information in this film . The plot rambles along with no discerning direction . I was expecting a feast of information similar to `` Forks over Knives '' or other fine documentaries . Instead I sat through almost an hour of watching Tommy Chong 's idiot unfunny brother.Looking at some of these reviews , I do n't understand how someone can give this movie 4 or 5 stars .
 I 'm glad I got this from the library . I 'm newly interested in mushroom hunting and was hoping for a factual overview . Instead , this film is a mishmash of elements that I imagine would be entertaining to some people , but I was disappointed . In fact , the emphasis on the odd types -LRB- read
 The H.D. quality was n't an issue , but when i pay $ 2.99 for an episode , i expect for the audio to be in sync with the video , the audio was at least 1 second behind the video throughout the episode .
 I was a total fan of seasons 1 and 2 and bought every episode , SO FUNNY ! , but season 3 has not been nearly as funny , the scripts just seem to be lacking , maybe its run its course ? I hope not , I hope it gets better
 I LOVED season 1 , was pretty happy with Season 2 , but by Season 3 I realized the magic that made it so funny had been lost . I guess that happens eventually with most shows . I used to laugh all the way through an episode of Workaholics , but now I find myself rolling my eyes a lot at the severely juvenile gross-out `` humor . '' I hate to say it , I like these guys and love what they did with the first season , but this show has jumped the shark .
 The show 's first two seasons are classics . Something 's gone terribly wrong . Not one episode in season 3 is worth watching .
 These guys lost their mojo . The first two seasons are classic , but there is n't a single episode in Season 3 that 's any good . Too bad . They were on a roll .
 This film had a lot going for it initially ; really cool voice over ; beautiful visuals of , what we find out later , is a tulip field and red tulips ; a twist and turn here and there ; and flashbacks . About 20 minutes into the film it jumps the shark . The intrigue totally disappears , bad acting creeps in , and the story just does n't hold together . Vera Farminga turns in one of the poorest performances I 've seen in a long time , she appears to be reading her lines . Nick Stahl does a decent job as a parapalegic.I really did n't care for this film at all . There was no intrigue , the mystery is so obvious . The payoff at the end is just sad . And the magic shoes ... Ah , it was just really poor story telling and a mystery that just does n't work.The topic was intriguing . People that are able bodied but want to become handicapped . OK , that was understood about half way through this film . It 's a way of life , not a disease or some sexual oddity . The trouble at the end of this film , it simply falls back into the stereotypes we all entered the film with . I 'm not sure I learned or cared much by the time the hour and a half was up.There is something really special about this DVD . The first 15 minutes of `` Whole Documentary '' is included in the special features . Now that film looks to be an incredible movie about this topic . Treated with care and love , without the awful back story and ending of Quid Pro Quo . Please go here to read reviews : WholeThe rest of the bonus features are pitiful , deleted scenes that should have never seen the light of day . And the casting call for Nick and Vera.This is an R rated movie for no real reason . If the two scenes with Nick and Vera had been deleted -LRB- and the film would n't have suffered one bit -RRB- this would be PG . There is no nudity in either scene . I also take significant issue with the film cover . The woman in the wheel chair is not even in this film . It plays even heavier into the idea that this way of life is some bizare fetish . It 's unfortunate to see how films are marketed.I just ca n't recommend this film .
 Stupidly , I bought this dvd , without realising it only plays American , so I ca n't watch it , in future , i 'll make damn sure I ONLY buy the dvd I CAN WATCH ?
 It is a greater disappointment to believe in the ones you love whenever they clearly strive to fail you on purpose.Eastwood and Freeman have so often revealed magic that I had come to trust them for artistic integrity . Million Dollar Baby destroyed that belief . This film is little more than a wobbly-wheeled vehicle for a man intent on portraying a disconsolate , washed-up , never-quite-made-it human being , -LRB- Heartbreak Ridge , The Unforgiven , Space Cowboys -RRB- intent on having us feel sorry for him despite the fact he never took the risk to claim his own slice of life , and it fails both as story and as art.I am disappointed by the clear failure to work the parallel between the ring and the altar . The story 's narrator openly defines the relationship between a boxer and her trainer , and we have numerous examples of that relationship at work . We are presented with Frankie 's own journey toward spiritual discipline -LRB- a journey we all share -RRB- and we anticipate the priest 's role as an opportunity to develop the parallel . But the writer -LRB- ? -RRB- producer -LRB- ? -RRB- director -LRB- ? -RRB- let it fall flat upon the screen as an empty suit and I for one was disappointed . This was not a story element overlooked , but clearly inserted into the story and then abandoned -LRB- because it might strike a small light to illuminate the gloom ? -RRB- . Then , we are given Maggie 's unyielding trust in Frankie though never where it originated nor what of anything between them nourishes it ; and through to the end , we wait for the reveal that never comes . Instead , we are asked to watch Frankie trash her gift as an ode to his own tragic life . The film offers us not so much the art of story telling as of despair.That crumbling sound you hear is another bit of Eastwood 's audience falling away .
 I have mixed feelings . Hackneyed stereotypes , yes . Legitimate reasons for them , possibly.In one world , ` compelling re-readability ' is the criterion that I use for a good book . This movie has that , since I immediately re-wound the tape and started to analyze , bits and pieces , scenes , the first set being the trailor trash statements.I realized that I could n't figure out the point of this film . It presented a bit of a puzzle why the suicide had to be there . When I went back over the film , it was clearly set up that ` fighters ' are a contradiction in terms , thus the contradiction in terms of the ending . And that the film may just have been about nothing more than father-daughter relationships , beautifully portrayed here.Lots of hackneyed stereotypes , I think , because this movie was n't trying to work merely on the level of narrative , but also with some intricately-placed themes , or metaphors , if you will . A la `` Great American Novel '' . You know , Grapes of Wrath stuff.It 's rich stuff , then . There 's plenty to work with . But I am just wondering if it is n't possible to pull off the great American novel without the hackneyed themes . And the complications , or contradictions in terms
 With all the Murder Madness and Mayhem in the News I can not help but believe we have become so De-sensitized ... that a Movie like this would be receiving Rave reviews and talk of Major Accolades !!! !!! THE EMPEROR IS NAKED ... what is wrong with everyone , this movie is so outrageously unbelievable ... I respect Clint Eastwood and I admire Morgan freemans work as a actor but this Movie is utter Rubbish !!! . . There are some places in our Souls that are reserved for the most damaging effects on our senses . . a place that we can retreat too in times of absolute unexplainable Madness . . but that is in REALITY I do not need to be taken there by a Movie ... after all ladies and gentlemen this is a ILLUSION a Story being read to us visually by the director with a cast of Characters . . if we ever reach the point in our minds eye that we can not differenciate between what real and whats a illusion then we are really on a downword slide .
 A very dark , but curiously shallow movie . -LRB- Why do we often think that movies depicting broken lives and terrible pain are deep ? -RRB- Story line
 I do n't understand why critics , Hollywood and the Academy loves these types of films . It 's in the same league as HOUSE OF SAND AND FOG and Eastwood 's utterly dark MYSTIC RIVER all of whom were nominated for several OSCARS . I must admit I liked the movies listed above -LRB- as depressing as they were -RRB- . The main difference between those films and MILLION DOLLAR BABY is that the earlier films do not depict their unpleasantness in so grotesque a manner . Being an ardent horror film fan I have to brutally state this film was more disturbing than alot of the more sinister films out right now.It is not inspiring.It is not pleasant.And for the most part , it is not much of a boxing movie.It is very difficult to talk about the contents of this film without giving anything away so out of respect for those of you who want to see this film , I will not discuss the film 's plot . But be warned , if you are expecting a heart-warming and inspirational tale of love and triumph do not even attempt a view . This film was torture and it left me questioning why so many in the Hollywood establishment look upon these types of films as entertainment and why they love to be depressed so much.Clint Eastwood needs to cheer up . Thanks to him , I was depressed for an entire week and next time I want to see morbidly BAD things happen to extremely good people , I will watch TITANIC instead . At least I was expecting that one.This was as inspiring as an episode of JERRY SPRINGER .
 I bought this DVD , sight unseen , purely on the strength of this movie 's reviews . BIG mistake . Watching this movie was first interesting , then depressing , then boring . Look , I 'm a simple person . I watch movies for entertainment . If I want to be depressed , I can simply turn to CNN . This movie was simply miserable . It created more questions than it answered -LRB- What caused Eastwood 's rift with his family ? -RRB- , it was unrealistic -LRB- are referees REALLY blind ? -RRB- and it dragged on for entirely too long . I 'm not saying that some of the performances were n't excellant , Hillary Swank in particular did very well . But the movie itself just was n't that interesting . I certainly would n't watch it again , and that 's a pretty fair indication of how interesting a movie is . Do n't buy into the hype . Watch a movie you enjoy , and do n't worry about how many awards it 's won .
 This could have been such a terrific , uplifting movie . Good actors , potentially great story . I was expecting a Rocky . Instead it 's just a cheap endorsement for mercy killing of the severely handicapped . And , no , I am not a right-wing evangelist type . I am a liberal with a conscience .
 What a pathetic movie this is . Clint Eastwood 's `` Million Dollar Baby '' starts off very well , and for the first half of the film we see a very good portrayal of the rags-to-riches grit of a girl on the wrong side of the tracks making it big as a female boxer . Then , all of a sudden , Eastwood writes in what has to be THE most improbable , impossible , off-the-wall twist which could never happen in the boxing ring , and turns this movie into a third-rate , paraplegic-boxer-seeks-euthanasia melodrama . I have to tell you , as a boxing fan , who has seen some of the greatest fights in history , such as Hagler-Hearns and also , incidentally , the fight between Ray `` Boom-Boom '' Mancini and Duk-Koo Kim , who died of a compound concussion after that fight -LRB- which originally caused boxing to go from 15 rounds to 12 in championship matches -RRB- , this Million Dollar Baby story could never happen in the ring and HAS never happened . It is so ridiculous a premise that it 's pathetic . Hillary Swank 's opponent would have been disqualified several rounds earlier for obvious dirty fighting , and I do n't know of any fighter in history who has been rendered a paraplegic from a sucker punch after falling on a stool . Good movies are supposed to be inspiring and beautiful -LRB- at least most of the time -RRB- . I advise all movie fans , especially those who are also sports and boxing fans , to skip this depressing and self-indulgent film . Not only is the story a joke , but it 's a needlessly depressing movie you do n't need to waste your time seeing , which will only leave you down for the rest of your day .
 As a die-hard clint fan , and a huge morgan freeman fan -LRB- more on that below -RRB- , who counts Unforgiven and his other mood/character dramas as among the best movies , this one just didnt work for me.I felt clint was mis-cast , as was hilary swank . Clint is too regal for this type of blue-collar , gritty role , and a smiling , cute , clean-cut swank is too attractive and smart -LRB- and smart-looking -RRB- for her role as well.The film was slow at times , and seemed more like a TBS family movie than the `` A '' film it was trying to be . I realize that few films are made today with the notion of craftsmanship as opposed to special effects , so as intelligent moviegoers we need to appreciate each one that comes along , BUT , this film tried too hard to be an emotionally gripping tear-jerker -LRB- can you say `` house of sand and fog '' ? -RRB- . It seemed to throw every cliche at the viewer , as if begging the audience to cry and mourn . The hard-working waitress who keeps her chin up no matter what , the miserable , un-appreciative family , etc. . I just didnt buy it . -LSB- As for freeman , i stopped watching the oscars because of his '89 driving ms daisy performance which didnt win an award . Havent watched them in 16 years , and after hearing in '97 that titanic won Best picture over possibly the Best Film Ever `` LA Confidential '' , i laughed . This fully re-inforced my view on the intelligence of those in the MPA . I will get off my soap-box now . -RSB-
 I saw the movie Million Dollar Baby with my girlfriend mostly because my sister said it was absolutely one of the best movies she had ever seen . I still am trying to see what she saw . This movie is a real sleeper . The movie is very predictable . The ending makes absolutely no sense and is very unrealistic . I have seen a lot of Clint Eastwoods movies and this is one of the few that I can say does not live up to his potential . This movie is more or less a female version of the much better movie `` Rocky '' Rocky had a real underdog story behind it.The characters in this movie could have A LOT more depth . The story ends with quite a few things left unexplained . In Rocky , you actually wanted him to win and you found yourself pulling for him all the way . This story really never truly gives you that feeling . I have talked to co-workers who have seen this movie and they feel the same way . If you want a good , root for the underdog movie , stick with Rocky . He knocks this movie out !
 We had high hopes going into this movie , as Clint Eastwood has proven himself to be a great director . BUT ... This movie is the downer of the year . We were left with the feeling that if we had buried ourselves in rocks and mud , we would have felt better than having watched this extemely depressing flick .
 Of course I understand why some people felt it necessary to give this movie 5 starts . After all it does have some big name stars who are accomplished actors , a big name director and it is as melodramatic as they come . But as much as I wanted to like this movie I could see nothing redeeming in it whatsover . First , it is unrealistic in that i -RRB- Maggie becomes a champion so fast , ii -RRB- the boxer who injures her goes totally unpunished -LRB- and is still boxing after years of that kind of behavior -RRB- and iii -RRB- the rate of knock-outs in the early scenes is ludicrously high . Second , it is extraordinarily depressing and frankly who needs that ? If I want to get depressed I can take myself down to the local retirement home and volunteer for a day . Or better yet , just turn on the news and listen to the news from Iraq . Or attend a funeral . Or watch a relative die . I DO NOT need Clint Eastwood educating me on the meaning of suffering and tragedy . Lastly , the movie is cliched , with a tripe Shawshank redemption style narration . THe characters are left totally undeveloped . Who is Maggie ? What is in Clint 's past that is so terrible ? Why the only skin-deep connection to the church ? Overall this is ugly film making - the kind that panders to our emotions in an effort to win Academy Awards .
 ... cliche-ridden tripe . I love Clint , but this one really did n't do anything for me . I saw every plot twist coming a mile away . I like Hilary Swank , but this character was also a big cliche and not worthy of her talent . Ditto Morgan Freeman . Sorry , Clint , not a winner in my book . Better luck next time.For a GREAT film on the same topic , try `` The Sea Inside '' .
 It would have been more believable if Hillary Swank was a model who falls off the runway and cracks her skull.This movie has no story , no character development , no interesting -LRB- barely intelligible -RRB- dialogue.How this move could beat ` Sideways ' for Best Picture is beyond my comprehension . Mystic River was much better.Hey movie industry , try putting more effort into quality product and maybe box office returns will improve !
 Million Dollar Baby is slow , boring , and not worth Oscar gold . Hilary Swank is not that good of an actress , I find her unbearable to watch . Morgan Freeman always seems to play the same character but to my surprise Clint Eastwood is quite good in this film , his acting has never been better . The story and pace of the film is what leaves me disappointed . I just could n't get into this weeper , oh well .
 You know , at the price of movies , it 's cheaper to buy the DVD . So I buy the DVD , no problem . But be honest about what I 'm getting . I thought I was buying some movie about an against-all-odds underdog woman boxer , not a political statement on euthanasia . And it is so preposterous that Swank 's character -LRB- This role just reconfirms Swank is a man . -RRB- has fought & persisited & trained for all this time & then pow accident decides she will opt for dead in like 15 minutes . If I 'm supposed to believe her character up until then , I believe her character would want to prove the doctors wrong & fight to walk & even box again . Please , this sucks . Eastwood , do n't veil your statements with a boxing movie . Just retire already . The only thing right about it -LRB- & I say this about many movies -RRB- is having Morgan Freeman on the cast list .
 I did n't feel that the film connected on an emotional level , and that it was more like watching stock characters in action . Hillary Swank is very good , but her character moves from amateur boxer to championship contender while showing practically nothing in between . Clint failed to impress me with his performance -LRB- and I 'm a Clint fan -RRB- , and Morgan Freeman continues to be highly overrated . The second half drags considerably , and I felt the whole third act to be very manipulative .
 Another boxing as metaphor for life film . The supporting actors ca n't act . The story goes nowhere . The characters are n't developed -LRB- all we know about Eastwood 's character is that he must be really smart because he reads Yeats -RRB- and the villains are like cartoons . Morgan Freeman is once again typecast -- his all knowing , pedantic monologue attempst to buoy a vapid script.This film won an Oscar ?! Am I missing something here ?
 I am very unhappy with this film . It 's blatant in two ways
 After waiting over a week to avoid paying for the high cost of shipping , my DVD arrived . I settled in with my popcorn and pepsi to watch my movie that same evening . I popped it into my DVD player and it said `` loading , loading , loading '' and then finally , `` bad disk '' . This is my second unhappy experience with Amazon . I shipped the disk back and decided to instead purchase the DVD at the video store . Not only was it $ 6.00 cheaper -LRB- not including the shipping ! -RRB- but when I popped it into my DVD player , it actually loaded and played ! And it had a second disk of special trailers included ! The good thing is that you were able to credit my account after only a week which I appreciate . Thank you .
 Watching this film , I was reminded that Clint Eastwood was a right-wing politician in California , I believe the mayor of some wealthy California town . His reactionary ideology comes through in this awful , manipulative film . Among the agendas being pushed is a hatred of welfare recipients , with the boxer 's family being a repulsive caricature of people in need of public assistance . No doubt , Eastwood has little problem with people in his tax bracket receiving government contracts and sweet deals for public land ; but like most wealthy right-wingers I 'm sure Clint loves kicking the poor in the face every chance he gets.The movie also advanced the notion that `` people love violence , '' a thought shared by Morgan Freeman 's allegedly wise character , as the camera pans to the mob cheering as women pound each other . I do n't remember women 's boxing being all that popular , nor male boxing . In fact , the numbers of people going to violent pro sporting events -LRB- to root for modern day gladiators -RRB- is dwarfed by the numbers of people who go to national parks , libraries , museums , and engage in all sorts of non-violent activities . Clint may love violence because he spent much of his career posing as a tough-guy and making a bunch of money doing it . I would n't be surprised to hear if gun-manufacturers paid him for all his cinematic gun-toting . Other reactionary elememts of this movie include the celebration of Morgan Freeman 's Uncle Tom character , the portrayal of the younger black as a hateful thug , the endless sermon about `` saving your money '' -LRB- rich people are always lecturing the poor about how they simply need to save their non-existent money , and stop complaining about things like class war -RRB- , and patriarchy -LRB- it was a bit narcissistic to see Clint cast himself as the man who gets fawned over by a woman a third his age -RRB- . This country is awash in reactionary propaganda , sometimes it takes obvious forms in our corporate news media -LRB- CNN and Fox -RRB- . Sometimes it takes the forms of comments in advertisements , or the narratives of tv dramas like `` 24 '' -LRB- where the US empire is always under-threat , but apparently never commits aggression against other nations -RRB- . And sometimes the propaganda appears very subtlely in films like `` Million Dollar Baby . '' We should keep an eye out for films directed by right-wingers , or starring right-wingers like Arnold Schwarzeneggar . These figures do n't put their politics to the side when the camera rolls ; and neither should progressives -LRB- see Warren Beatty 's `` Bulworth '' -RRB- . Regarding quality-of-life issues , there 's a much better film called `` The Sea Inside . '' It 's an award-winning film from Spain that does n't feel a need to try to convince us of how violent we are , or how awful the poor are , or how young blacks should get their teeth knocked out -LRB- a scene that says a lot about the mindset of the film-maker who created it -RRB- .
 THis movie is nothing but pro-euthanasia propoganda . Anyone with a serious disability should be angry . I will never watch another movie directed by Eastwood or starring Hillary Swank .
 I have learned my lesson . If Paul Haggis wrote the script than the movie is wortheless -LRB- `` Crash '' also sucks ! -RRB- . Yes , this movie belongs to my list of decadent pseudo-intelectual entertainment . Let 's start translating the movie . First it presents us a character that always wins . When the character supposedly loses it 's because someone else cheated . This is a shameful manipulation trying to appeal to all the losers that believe that success is easy . But since losers never really get anywhere the final victory is not achieved . This is part of the manipulation because the losers watching the movie have to identify with it.For me art is supposed to inspire people . Where is that inspiration in this movie ? Where is it trying to lead us ? The objective of the movie is just to give people an aspirin to make them feel better about their own sad lives.The only good thing is that Mr. Haggis will be able to get that house in beverly hills that he always dreamed about .
 ... as in , i dont like it ; before this one , every movie from eastwood seems to me , not only well made , but great and sofisticated , i really like what this guy is able to make , but in this case the story seems to much to tell just a few things , and -LRB- probably is just me -RRB- the all movie seems to be about nothing , a not very new story , with nothing new to tell , in a very old way ... anyway , the thing is still better than most releases , but i feel it felt short considering all it had going for it
 Could this be the year ? That appears to be the very question on everyone 's mind this Oscar season and the answer always depends on who you are asking . Based on the fans of The Aviator , they believe co-heartedly that if the Boston Red Sox could lift their once-ancient curse then there is still hope for Martin Scorsese in the Best Director category . For Million Dollar Baby , The Aviator 's only true competition -LRB- Sorry Sideways -RRB- , Clint Eastwood could prove to be back in contention form . Though many critics praised last year 's contender , Mystic River , it had nothing on the existential strength that was The Lord of the Rings
 I recieved this film in a timely fashion but it was NOT the WIDESCREEN EDITION as advertised and pictured here on Amazon . I ended up with the modified fullscreen version , which defeats the purpose of watching it on my new flatscreen T.V. I 'm Not happy , and probably wont order anything from anyone other than Amazon directly from now on .
 When I think of this movie I think of the proccess of Vomiting . FIrst You take in the food , in this case two over-used plot devices
 I was very disappointed after struggling through this so called `` Masterpiece '' . The movie was too darn long and I got tired of looking at Hilary Swank 's buck teeth . I really thought this was going to be a good movie because I enjoy boxing movies and after seeing Cinderella Man I thought this would be just as good . But I was wrong and ended up falling asleep probably two different times through it.I had to read the DVD box a couple of times to assure myself that Clint Eastwood directed it because it reminded me of an Oliver Stone movie - the type that overkills a theme/message . I guess I 'm in the minority when saying that I just do n't see why it got such great praise.If Amazon.com let me I would give this a Zero Star Rating.Clint , stick with Dirty Harry and Unforgiven type movies .
 How did this film ever win any awards ! Sentimental chick flick.A per previous reviews `` Champ '' did the sentimental boxer movie so much better -LRB- if that 's your thing -RRB- Hilary Swank is totally unconvincing as a boxer - i wonder if she even spent a couple of days training for this movie . Sorry but compare that the Will Smiths preparation for Ali -LRB- not a great film either but at least it was possible to believe that he could at least fight his way out of a paper bag -RRB- The actual fight scenes are nonsense . That even goes for the corner work - check out the dry sponge as clint carefully dabs it over her face - probably in fear of smudging her makeupA waste of 2 hours
 It was beautifully acted by Hillary Swank , and had a few exciting boxing moments , but , this was the most depressing movie I 've ever seen and I really walked out of the theater feeling terribly down and regretful I 'd seen it . This movie shows life being so cruel to its lead characters it just seemed out of balance to me . Especially because the whole beginning of the movie seems to be calling for an eventual relief from all the hardship . Unfortunately , It begins close to the bottom and takes you lower . It is a well acted and directed movie , though , so if you can take this sort sad subject matter , it might be worth a look .
 MDB is one of those movies nitwit critics think is profound because of two things . One
 Terrible . Predictable . And when did Dirty Harry become a boxing trainer ? I mean come on Clint . If you ca n't act , your the director , find someone who can.I saw this movie the first time when it was called Rocky . Seriously . The only thing that separated this from Rocky was the lack of a cheesey montage.Definately should n't have won all of the awards it did . I saw many better movies this year .
 Eastwood performance reminds of the mummy . The whole story is performed in a slow and untouching way -LRB- I had no feeling for the characters -RRB- . Do you want to see the pinnacle in boxing movies ? the Rocky series is the one to go , nothing even comes close .
 Oh yes , let us all celebrate this director as he joins the elite of Hollywood who claim that the only dignified way for a person who is paralyzed by the trial of life or physical limitations is either to committ suicide , or give the okay for someone else to off you.As I watched the film , I noticed that Clint 's muscles are kind of flabby looking and he does n't seem to get around as easily as he did in `` The Day '' , so maybe we should pull the plug on him.We have an influx of Japanese Martial Arts movies that also tout the only means of Spiritual freedom realised by a lost culture , to be suicide.This is a load of crap.My mom killed herself when she was only forty-one years old ... I was twenty years old.A year and a half later , my step-dad shot himself.These people are liars , there is no dignity in suicide or assisted death.Not to mention , let us remember that Mr. Sean Penn went overseas and came back to tell us how sad he thought the war was , right about the time he was rewarded for a film in which he took the life of a man he , `` Assumed was the guilty party in the death of his teenaged daughter . `` Just overlook the fact that the Hollywood media giant are persuing the push to disqualify life in general , and satisfy that they are laying the groundwork for what is accepted as your `` Useability Period '' , at which point , you can either ... without discretion or any counselling not only ask for someone to murder you legally , you also have the advantage to assist others so they can realise that their lives are no longer useful.Hey Kevin Spacey ... suicide is not the way to win social agendas you feel wrong a certain part of society .
 Having an aunt who had a severe spinal cord injury -LRB- she fell off a rocking horse when she was 11 -RRB- makes me an expert at dealing with a loved one with this type of injury . I used to visit her every weekend when she had this injury and I have to say there was n't one day where I would have pulled the plug and stopped her from living . Sure , there were some days , she asked me to end her life , I would n't do it . I did n't care how many rolls of tears went down her cheeks . A man has to stop somewhere ! My point is , the American society can not show movies where its cool to end someone 's life . What was I supposed to do , start clapping when Clint Eastwood 's character pulld her breathing tube ? Let me tell you something , if I had pulled the breathing tube from my aunt when she was 11 , My family and I would have never been able to enjoy the next 14 years of her immobilzing life with her . And if it was n't for her succumbing to some type of lung infection , we would have enjoyed many more years with her .
 Despite the fact that Hillary Swank is a beautiful , super-talented actress , this movie was the worst I have ever seen . I say this because of the terrible evil that it is clearly trying to promote , namely the murder of anybody who is physically handicapped in some way . The mind of the character played by Hillary Swank was completely intact , yet instead of taking loving care of her , Clint Eastwood took advantage of her physical helplessness by murdering her . This is left-wing propaganda at its most shameful .
 I do n't recomend this movie . And although the acting is very good -LRB- the 2 stars -RRB- , the story is troubleing . Admittedly , I 'm a `` happy ending '' kind of guy , but there was nothing redeeeming about the way this movie ends . Are we to believe that we are no different than pets being put to sleep at the local shelter ? Dunn suffers no consequences for his actions in ending Maggie 's life nor does the boxer who broke her neck . Maggie 's battles accomplished nothing beyond scars , broken bones and in the end , a broken neck . So much time is devoted to Dunn 's broken relationship with his daughter , but we never learn why the relationship was estranged . Like another Academy Winner `` American Beauty '' , this DVD went from the player straight to the garbage can . What a waste ! I think I will watch Shawshank Redemption again . Now there 's a movie !
 Know this before you buy , rent or watch . This movie advocates murder under the pretense of assisted suicide . It uses a pretense that life is not worth living if you are paralyzed that has been completely disproven in the real lives of many people . Just two examples , Joni Erickson Tada and Hollywood 's own Christopher Reeves.You can read all the great skills of the director and actors in the other reviews.No matter what your opinion , at least you should know this about the movie in advance .
 -LSB- * Sung to the tune of ` WHERE HAVE ALL THE FLOWERS GONE ? ' by The Kingston Trio ; # 21 on the Billboard charts in 1962 -RSB- Where have all the ladies gone ? Long time passing.Where have all the ladies gone ? Ca n't find a one.Where have all the ladies gone ? Turned into men ev'ry one.When will they ever learn ? Will they ever return?Where have all the young girls gone ? Spitting , grunting.Where have all the young girls gone ? They punch 'n' bleed.Where have all the young girls gone ? To beat and be beat upon.When will they ever learn ? Will they never return?Where have all the real men gone ? They went P.C.Where has Dirty Harry gone ? Gender-bending . Where have all the real men gone ? Helping women behave wrong.Are ladies gone for good ? Is sweetness gone for good?Where is femininity ? Tattoo parlors.Where is femininity ? The military.Where is femininity ? Dressed up like a policeman.It rides a fire truck . It drives a pickup truck.What has happened to our world ? Ladies missing.What has happened to our world ? Out of balance.What has happened to our world ? It has gone straight to the dogs.When will they ever learn ? The ladies must return .
 This movie blatantly equates man to the level of an animal -LRB- a dog to be specific -RRB- . Instead of emphasizing the fact that man as a person is important and valuable as a creation of God , man is reduced to the level of animal , without a soul . In the movie Clint Eastwood , despite his CLAIMED Catholic faith , decides to murder the boxer that he trained , in the name of being humane . The very purpose of this movie is appalling .
 I just got to watch this movie for the first time . It was alright , but not Oscar-worthy in my opinion . I did some research and found out all five nominees . I have n't seen `` Sideways '' . `` The Aviator '' was awful . But `` Ray '' and `` Finding Neverland '' were both excellent movies .
 Million Dollar Baby is a movie that makes a strong start in one direction ... but then does an abrupt turn and heads in another direction . Either story it 's trying to tell could be interesting , but the first story lacks a proper ending , and the second story is poorly developed.The movie is framed by a narrative device that ends up being extremely contrived . At one point , the narrator has to magically be present to observe something going on so he can narrate about it , when there 's no reason for him to be present , and then he seems to teleport back to another location . This movie is overall poorly conceived , and the fact that it won best picture is more indicative of the invalidity of the Academy 's opinion than it is of the quality of this film .
 We figured someone would die in this film -LRB- an old timer or something -RRB- , but did n't expect what we got.It 's extemely depressing . My husband commented that the people who recommended the film to him must not have ever experienced real suffering in their own lives , as he has and prefers not to watch on screen . I said , as a parent , I hate these kind of endings . I do n't want all lollypops and flowers , but this was too much.I do n't have lots of time to watch movies . Wished I 'd skipped this one .
 The acting in this movie is of course superb , as expected with such a great cast . The directing/cinematography was also compelling and very well-done . However , the depressing turn that this movie takes I feel took away from these virtues and did not add to the quality of storyline or emotion involved as it did in `` Boys Do n't Cry '' -LRB- I 've seen `` Boys Do n't Cry '' several times , but would not watch `` Million Dollar Baby '' again -RRB- . This is why I gave this movie only 2 stars .
 Paul Haggis is up for a Best Screenplay Adaptation Oscar for his reconfiguration of `` Rope Burns
 In a number of interviews Clint Eastwood has maintained that this film is about a father/daughter relationship . It is only incidentally about boxing , and its depiction of euthanasia is primarily present for the sake of the drama - it is not a film ` about ' euthanasia . There is something grossly disingenuous about Mr.Eastwood 's responses , to the point where it becomes questionable whether he is prepared to reveal any of his real motivations - either that or he truly has an incredibly limited comprehension of the forces at play both within the film and in its reception by the broader world , and , possibly , little insight into his own self . * Some Christian critics have seen the film as problematising euthanasia in a morally helpful way , but many have condemned it for condoning the practice ; in an online interview on filmlinc.com , Eastwood comes perilously close to admitting that the film allows an interpretation where ` the cosmos ' supports the protagonist 's decision , despite this character 's own misgivings . Elsewhere it has been pointed out that U.S. law allows a cognitively intact paraplegic person to ask for accessory means of life support to be withdrawn - that is to say , in the movie the Hilary Swank character , Maggie , could simply have asked doctors to disconnect her respirator ; one wonders if this fact was known by Mr.Eastwood and his screenwriter , Mr.Haggis , and if so why they chose to depict the death as actively assisted . At the very least , it seems a conscious decision on the writers ' parts to do so , and one would like to hear an articulate elaboration of their reasons for doing so - none is forthcoming in the interviews I have read , save for brief appeals to the dictates of ` the drama ' or ` the characters ' . * In a way , all this is a criticism of the dreadful inarticulateness at the heart of this movie . Mr.Eastwood embodies a kind of mute self-righteousness in many of his roles , and he appears to valorise this stance in real life ; for instance , he states that none of us would know what decision we would make prior to actually being in the shoes of Frankie Dunn , and he states this as if it were both uncontroversially true and a good thing . Clearly many people know what they would do without actually being in such a position , and what is more they can give reasons why they would act in a certain way , either through citing religious beliefs or through reasoned argument derived from a secular moral theory or , perhaps , through a less systematic reflection upon their own character ; whatever the ultimate decision , the process of giving voice to the conflicting factors informing the deliberations appears essential , essential for any kind of intellegent , reflective life , including the most dogmatically religious , and vitally essential for a living democracy . It is very odd to have sentiments implicitly undermining the difficult process of rendering strong yet inarticulate feelings into words , a clear and literate expression of our inner lives - very odd indeed coming from America , where freedom of expression and the marketplace of ideas have long been extolled as virtues . * The film itself if full of cliches . Many of these are offensive . The face of evil in the film is the established female boxing champion . Gratuitously we are informed that she is German and that she is a former prostitute . As is the formula in Die Hard , and in most mainstream Hollywood films , the villain is preferably a foreigner . Here the villain 's moral worth is allied with the low regard in which prostitution is held . The villain also has dark skin . Other villains come in the form of welfare cheats . Maggie 's family are referred to as ` hillbillies ' . Several times her mother 's obesity is mentioned as not a mere fact but as a fact worthy of moral condemnation - this prejudice , that being overweight equates with laziness and a kind of moral laxity , is presented with no overt acknowledgement . It is just one of the background assumptions of the film . Similarly , Maggie 's decision that it would be better to be dead than be permanently disabled is vindicated by the entire tenor of the film - this has quite understandably provoked objections from groups fighting for the rights of the disabled , and forums of such views can be accessed on the web . On these sites it is mentioned that Mr.Eastwood spent around $ 600,000 in legal fees , fighting a case brought against him in response to his refusal to install $ 7,000 of toilets accessible by the disabled in his ranch-style resort . * On a purely cinematic level , this is a boxing movie . Life is portrayed as a fight , requiring both toughness and skill . The violence is glorified until tragedy intervenes , and even then it is not outrightly condemned . Unsurprisingly , Mr.Eastwood is no pacifist . There is the voyeuristic novelty of having female boxers - at least they are clothed , although this was not always the case , organised topless female boxing having been practiced in the U.K. during the nineteenth century . There are the stereotypical ideas of overcoming odds , getting to the top through hard work , and an ounce of luck , and , above all , having a dream and pursuing it , even when it is utterly delusional . This last idea is strangely embodied in ` Danger ' , a mentally deficient young man , who is apparently applauded for maintaining illusions of becoming a boxer when this is openly absurd - better this than the alternatives , or so says the film , without of course any exploration of what the alternatives might actually be . There is manipulative music and moody lighting . Ironically I found myself thinking of ` The Karate Kid ' series , which starred none other than Hilary Swank - despite surface dissimilarities , part of the ` entertainment ' arrives at the same emotional pitch in both ` Million Dollar Baby ' and its less feted predescessors . This is appealing , no doubt . Mr.Eastwood 's intentions have us involved with the flowering of a redemptive love between Frankie Dunn and Maggie , two people very much alone . This loneliness is well-portrayed and their care each for the other is the best thing about the film . The existential concerns of Frankie Dunn do have an honesty and power which the film effectively conveys . It is not for nothing that so many viewers have responded to this film . Even so , however admirable the lack of maudlin exchanges , the film is also severe in its prohibition of voiced communication of love - I am deeply uncertain whether this should be admired , as it sadly merges with its broader reticence on all manner of difficult subject matter . * Mr.Eastwood and , to be fair , some of his defenders have invoked the independence-of-art argument to answer some of their critics . Unfortunately in his hands this argument amounts to a request to silence the debate . It is also a refusal to acknowledge that , perhaps , many of his views , or indeed prejudices , are embodied in the work at a level not immediately obvious to himself . Just as the character , Frankie Dunn , is mystified by his long-estranged daughter 's refusal to reply to his letters , about the failures and limitations of his own character , so Mr.Eastwood appears oblivious to the limitations of his own emotional range , his own intellect , and to the effect disseminating his unacknowledged views might have upon others .
 Clint Eastwood has single-handedly depressed the movie-going public with three films
 I was very disappointed , when the dvd arrived I had paid extra to get it in a hurry so my terminally ill father in law could enjoy it for christmas but firstly , the dvd box arrived damaged with no time to send for a replacement then it would n't play ! And of course once you open it you 're stuck with it so all $ 36 was wasted & my father in law was so disappointed . The only good thing was it arrived on time but I had paid for that . was obvious another box had been resting on my order to cause the damage . Pity not sure if I 'd order dvd again .
 gave this too a friend because didnt work for my type of player and it wouldnt work for my friend he said he couldnt even get it started would like refund
 If you have n't seen this movie do n't read this review . It contains a couple of big spoilers.This movie is just plain bad . None of the characters seem real . It 's as if Clint said , `` We 'll all underact . We 'll all do nothing and everyone will just love it . '' Hillary did not make me believe she was a boxer . I 've seen women with builds that make believe they can fight . Could n't Hillary have trained at least a little ? Clint did not make me believe he was an old broken down man running a gym . Morgan seemed to be wandering around the set waiting to go home.I was rolling my eyes at every contrived bit of supposedly deep drama even before they -LRB- writer , producer and director -RRB- sucker punched her into being a quadrapalegic . When the family appeared squeezed into the frame holding their memorabelia from the theme park and acting heremetically insensitive I had to stifle a laugh . For a brief moment I thought that I , and the audience I was watching with , had totally missed that it was really a comedy.Then , at the end of the film , two actors try to pretend that one is killing the other and all I can think about is making sure I get everything on my grocery list .
 a separate price for wide screen/full screen versions ?!?!?!? im surprised they dont have a charge for the second disc as well.the movie itself didnt capture my interest.i feel clint is a fine actor and a competent director ... but his movies tend to be slow in pace and over rated.again , the 1 star is for the ripoff .
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen . Yes , pretty good acting and excellent fight scenes but it looked like something that would have happened 100 years ago . That is , of course , if women were fighting then . The whole idea of a `` dirty fighter '' hitting someone after the bell rings is an anachronism . Hillary and Morgan were OK but Clint should hang it up . Either that , or he should go back to Dirty Harry movies .
 There is not a single important issue in this plot that could have moved forward without the writer and director making impossibly false choices . Maggie 's progress , especially in light of her background ; the incredible rule breaking in the championship match that go almost unmentioned ; the results of the match , -LRB- vaguely referred to -RRB- , that would actually be the exact opposite ; are just few of the items that will be absurd to discerning viewers . Even looking at this as a fantasy , -LRB- which reviewers do n't seem to be doing -RRB- , there is no way to accept so much that would never have occurred in the real world . Fantastic situations must be accompanied by believeable explanations . This film uses no explanation , but rather more fantasy , to explain .
 I just do n't get all the hype around this movie.Basically it is divided into two parts - a typical underdog sports story and an equally typical tear jerker . The only originality that I saw in this movie was putting these two overused storylines together into one movie.A few other things that irritated me about the movie ... Maggie 's rise to greatness . She went from having almost no boxing talent to becoming one of the best female boxers in the world in a span of a year and a half . This was so hard to believe that I found it difficult to take anything in the movie seriously.The character named `` Danger '' . I did n't mind the character but I do n't understand why he was included in the movie . He did nothing to further the plot.Maggie 's conversation about her childhood dog that became disabled and was killed out of mercy by her father . This scene effectively took away any element of surprise concerning the `` twist '' in the later portion of the movie.Morgan Freeman 's voiceover was difficult to understand.I never felt that the characters connected . The end of this movie should have made me sad but since I never grew to care about the characters -LRB- probably because they could have been taken directly out of any rags to riches sports movie -RRB- I could not have cared less.The one high point in the movie was the subplot involving Maggie 's family . The scenes with the family were the only ones in which I felt emotionally involved .
 For a film with 3 different releases -LRB- 2-disc wide , 2-disc full , and 2-disk + soundtrack digipack -RRB- its bizarre and unfortunate they are such sub-par releases . The 2-discs come with a very basic outer clamshell package , no chapter list insert is included , no outer cardboard sleeve is included , and only 3 extra features -LRB- That are interesting , but did it really need 2 discs ? -RRB- and comes with NO commentaries . On top of that the DVD has a very poor animorphic wide screen transfer -LRB- come on WB this is a huge release , you could n't get it right ? -RRB- . Its too bad really , because this is a truly amazing film that deserved an amazing DVD .
 My first hint that there this movie was going to let me down was when Clint and Hilary go to visit her mother . She has taken her winnings and bought a house for her mother , so that she can move out of the trailer park . Instead of being grateful and proud of her daughter , her mother complains that with a house like this , she wo n't be able to stay on welfare and Medicaid . `` Why did n't you just give me the money ? '' she asks . `` I know your intentions were good , but you just do n't think things through , '' she tells her dismayed daughter . `` Is Eastwood a Republican ? '' I muttered under my breath . This stereotype of poor people - as lazy , deceptive , ungrateful and basically worthless irks me whenever it turns up . And it turns up here , naturally , as a contrast to our hero - who may not have much going for her , but is going to follow her dream with determination and persistence and make something of herself . Good . Great . Heard it before . This won Best Picture?And then it just goes from bad to worse . Our plucky heroine , who got to the title fight on nothing but determination and stubbornness , who refused to accept the hand dealt to her and celebrates her birthday by punching a speed bag , because if she does n't have that , she `` might as well go back home and buy a used trailer and get a deep fryer and some Oreos , '' becomes an entirely different person . And yet somehow we 're still supposed to admire her ; to agree with her decision to end her life . Why ? Because she 's paralyzed ? What happened to all that pluck , that determination to take the cards you 're dealt and make life count ? There are lots of things a person can do in a wheelchair - is n't that why we love Christopher Reeve , because like Hilary in the first half of the movie , he refused to give up ? In her teary plea to Clint , she begs him to let her die `` before the cheers fade from my ears . '' Well , news for you babe , paralyzed or not , the cheers will eventually fade from your ears . Heck , if we 're going to kill off everyone who is no longer able to pursue their dream , then somebody better go get Morgan Freeman he 's certainly past his prime , time to put a bullet his head . It 's ridiculous , it 's a mess . Despair is not heroic.This is not a movie about the dignity of assisted suicide . The people who go that route are terminally ill , and can only foresee a future of increasing pain and decreasing lucidity . Hilary is offered a productive and happy life ; she chooses death instead . In the end , the movie 's an insult to every disabled person who has chosen to fight , to make the best of a bad hand , to make their life count.This won best picture ?
 At the end of this movie , I felt so bad I hardly wanted to go on . This movie has great acting , but the story is horrifically macabre . I can not understand that a movie that celebrates the evil within people and the abandonment of one 's morals received such accolades .
 I like Clint Eastwood and his movies for the most part . However , this multiple-Oscar winning film was very disappointing.I went into it not knowing anything about it except what was obvious from the DVD cover -LRB- female boxer -RRB- and the Oscar buzz ... So , Clint brings the same gravelly voice he used in 1986 's `` Heartbreak Ridge '' , Hilary Swank brings an irritating drawl as well as an irritating character personality , and Morgan Freeman tags along and they all win Oscars.Not only was the movie a big downer , which normally is OK - they do n't all have to be Disneyesque - but along the way I felt manipulated through some of it as it went off on tangents.Worst of all , I think , is the rather sudden development of an over-aged waitress into some type of boxing phenom - when we all know it really takes a lot more hard work , dedication , training , and luck to have that kind of success.Still , it was a well-made professional movie , and some people rate it a knock-out . I 'm throwing in the towel .
 I rented this movie based on the praise reviewers here have given it , and recommendations from family.When it was all said and done , all I could think was - `` That was stupid . `` I ca n't believe people cried . I had no idea what the movie was about , but I found it very predictable nonetheless.The acting and cinematography was good.Good thing I had this on DVD so I could turn on the subtitles to understand what Eastwood and Freeman were saying.So what 's up with Frankie and his daughter anyway?Does WBA boxing really bring in a million dollars for a championship fight?Was Danger just included in the story for comic relief?Take Rocky - the rags to riches boxing story , Shawshank Redemption - Morgan Freeman giving narration , The Power of One - Another Morgan Freeman Boxing themed movie , and any run of the mill depressing , cripple & kill the hero movie , give it a twist -LRB- make your hero a chick -RRB- and viola , you have Million Dollar Baby.I do n't foresee ever watching this movie again . And I do n't foresee anyone finding this review helpful , simply because I did n't like it and everyone else does ...
 Expectations sure were high as critic after critic proclaimed this ca n't miss and one of the best films of the year . Ebert even proclaimed it film of the year.So all I can do is scratch my head as I try and find what 's so amazing about this female version of Rudy gone bad.All of the leads are certianly typecast - Clint plays the same old Clint . Morgan treads familiar ground and Hilary is yet the tom-boy once again.So what we have is your typical underdog story that apparently has tugged at the heartstrings of a vast majority of viewers.Well , forgive me for not being affected , by this cliche ridden , flawed , average film . Maybe the expectations are to blame . Because had the hype not been so great , I would 've thought it was a mildly entertaining underdog story and after all everyone loves the underdog.Sadly , as it turns out this film does n't meet the hype on any level . The biggest flaw being the script which is bound down by one cliche after the next . Maybe the twist would have worked if it was n't fueled by a misguided suspension of disbelief , the problem being the film does n't exist without it.If you can make it through the 1st 120 minutes of this film , you might just buy into it , considering all of america is telling you how great it is and you might not be one to resist the urge of being accepted at the hair salon or coffee shop.Overrated .
 For me , this was sort of a waste of 2 hours . Some of the things were predictable , but I was n't sure how it was all going to play out . I just could n't connect with the characters all that much . I have really tried to like Hilary Swank as an actress , but for some reason I just have n't found her in a role that seems to capture an emotional captivating role.Clint Eastwood is always great , and so is Morgan Freeman they were great in this film . This was a touching story , but I feel it could have been more gripping for me with a different leading female , or some background music , I do n't really recall any , and I just watched it last night.There are many positive reviews , and to many this probably was a good film , I just did n't feel it.At least I just had it as a rental from Net-Flix .
 Morgan Freeman is one of America 's great actors , and I 'm glad the Academy has finally rewarded him with an Oscar . But it 's unfortunate that it had to be for `` Million Dollar Baby '' , a sloppily written and directed film from Clint Eastwood , who can do no wrong in Hollywood these days , even when he makes tripe . Maggie Fitzgerald -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- is a waitress from the hills of Missouri determined to be a professional boxer , even though she seems to know little about the sport . She buys a 6-month membership to the `` Hit Pit Gym '' , owned by Frankie Dunn -LRB- Clint Eastwood -RRB- , a curmudgeonly veteran trainer and manager who `` does n't train girls '' . Her persistence evokes the sympathy of the gym manager , an elderly ex-boxer named Scrap -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who points her in the right direction to the extent that Maggie eventually impresses Frankie too . `` Million Dollar Baby '' is n't about boxing or winning , and it fails at being a character study , because the characters are drawn with such broad strokes . Frankie , in particular , is a vague man whom we never know much about apart from his being macho and troubled by some guilt or other . Scrap actually tells the story through a solemn voice-over narration , which no one could do better than Morgan Freeman . But the fact that Scrap has to explain the characters to us on an ongoing basis is one of `` Million Dollar Baby '' 's many examples of poor writing . Some others are
 This film had its moments , but mostly , it was predictable and very unrealistic . What happened to her in the ring during her last fight is illegal and there is absolutetly no way in hell they would allow the other fighter to win that fight , as was mentioned by the white trash mother . I watch boxing and I was appalled at that scene . It pretty much ruined the movie for me from that point on . It could have been a good movie but instead it chose to go cliche .
 A friend asked me recently if I liked boxing movies , and was surprised when I said yes . But this is n't a boxing movie . It 's an ode to Clint Eastwood 's self-image . Clint is a great comic actor ; he 's funny whether he 's getting beaten or beating some poor fool to a pulp . In this droning fraud , he does neither . Instead he quotes the poetry of William Butler Yeats . I like poetry and I like boxing , but this is just pretentiousness on the part of an aging actor who has begun to take himself too seriously as a tough guy . Equally pretentious is the performance of Morgan Freeman as God ... -LRB- or was that another movie ... ? -RRB- . In fact the only quality bit in Million Dollar Baby is the performance of Hillary swank , which is almost good enough to save the project . To class this sentimental escape with such great boxing movies as Raging Bull or Cinderella Man is a disgrace and an outrage .
 There are many good things to say of this film , and these already have been written by those giving it five stars . Generally , I go along with some of them , and personally I regret not being able to give the big five to my man Clint , et al.But to those of us who really know how pulling the plug works , there were some gaping holes in the screenplay . Today , all hospitals have end-of-life boards , usually the combination of a physician , social worker and medical ethicist , and sometimes even a cleric , who by the regs -LRB- Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospitals -RRB- respond to patients in terminal situations , assisting them in decisions to terminate care at such critical junctures as those met by Maggie . I have participated in some of these instances , and am embarrassed that the writers would not have known.Neither does the film do justice to the incredible advances of recent years in therapy for spinal cord injuries , and to the alternatives which would have been available to Maggie . This film should have had a medical consultant available to the writers and producers.I can understand that the film already was long enough , so that this benign process could not be interjected . But without it , the film inferred moral approval of what Boss did for Maggie , justifying it for the sake of love . Here , some ambiguity was left dangling , making it unclear if the moral of the story was of Boss 's love for Maggie , or an approval of euthanasia , motivated by Boss 's guilt over his lost relationship with his daughter.As screen minutes go , some of the time lost on maudlin could have been used to a deepening of their love for each other . If she had to die , the mental and emotional process could then have been made into a real commitment between them . At that , as Boss simply disappears after his act , we do n't get to know how he worked out his own salvation . It is inferred he went back to the restaurant with the great lemon meringue pie.Considering Hollywood 's leftist politics , if those folks insist upon charging us good money to receive the industry 's radical views , then the producers should be required to give all facets of such important moral issues as euthanasia . This film , unfortunately , is just one more example of the triumph of emotion over reason , and the aversion of intellectual examination of the issues . Well , you may argue this is art . But this is only one panel in a mural which ultimately must extend beyond emotion.In the end , we get a euthanised girl and a killer on the run . Where 's Dirty Harry when you need him ?
 I saw this when it came out in the movie theatres because I 'm a big fan of boxing and used to box , light heavy , in my younger days . Hilary Swank as a boxer ? Yea , sure . It just did n't cut it with me . Women 's boxing is not a serious sport , more like professional wrestling than boxing . This film would have been much better if Clint Eastwood trained a male character . Then you could take it seriously . By the end of the flick , when Clint Eastwood kills Hilary Swank with a lethal injection because she is paralyzed and want 's to die , it gave mercy killing a new meaning . Mercy of the viewer for bringing this joke of a movie to an end and letting us out of the theatre . I doubt the people giving this flick good ratings know much about boxing .
 Aside from being beautifully shot , this film took a 180 degree turn about halfway through and went from inspired to the other side of insipid . Definitely not a feel-good film.If you liked `` To live & Die in L.A ' or ` Seven ' . You 'll love this film .
 The movie had a great story to it , until Clint Eastwood decided to shove in his liberal propaganda with the euthanasia crap . Hey Clint , do n't ruin any more movies with your sick social and political views . What 's next , a movie about the benefits of abortion ?
 Am I the only person who misses the days when Clint Eastwood made real movies ? While his whole career from an artistic sense has been pure downhill since The Good , the Bad , & the Ugly , Million Dollar Baby marks a new low point for the former macho man . A three disc special edition for this slop ? Who are they kidding ? Do they think this is The Battle of Algiers?The sad fact is that while the quality of world filmmaking continues to increase , Hollywood films continue to get worse and worse , stifled by corporate and union bureaucracies and a total lack of original thought . Million Dollar Baby was not even one of the ten best films of 2004 , but it earned the best pic prize because the Oscars are not so much a measure of artistic merit as they are a shameless self-promotion vehicle . It has n't been this bad since the 1960s , when dreadful flics like Tom Jones and Oliver won the big prize .
 It 's interesting , in a day when movies are purportedly becoming more sophisticated , that something like MILLION DOLLAR BABY comes along . First of all , can anyone really believe Hillary Swank as a boxer ? They might as well have cast Britney Spears as being equally believable . Next , what are the freaky chances that events like those surrounding the ending of this movie could actually happen ? No , they could n't accomplish the tearjerker as part of the sport of boxing , despite its barbaric nature . No ! They had to introduce an externality of sorts to accomplish the ruse.And they did just that , working to manipulate the audience rather than pull them in legitimately . Okay , so we supposedly like manipulation , we like fantasy . That 's what it 's all about , right ? For me , I am tired of being suckered ! `` But , '' you say , `` it won best picture and Hillary won best actress ! '' It just does n't hold water . One need only consider the fickle and raucous history of the Academy Awards to realize just how many Oscars have been awarded to various recipients for reasons other than actual cinematographic or acting excellence . Movies like MONSTER 'S BALL , TITANIC and LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL come to mind.Yes , well-deserved kudos to Morgan Freeman and to Clint Eastwood for accomplishing their roles very masterfully . A big NO ! to Hillary Swank.THE HORSEMAN
 Most overrated oscar winner of all time ! Nothing more than a repellantly deceptive T.V. movie of the week -LSB- I 've actually watched such movies that were infinitely more engaging and less manipulative than this one ! -RSB- mediocrity . It is acceptable , recognized and soooo overvalued simply because it sets up unrealistic situations which stroke and necessitate politically correct values . `` Tough Questions '' ?! No , terms like dying with dignity bully , intimidate and preempt any thoughtful discussion.If there is any compassionate -LRB- not the modern easy and self-serving version of compassion out there today-but the kind that really values life-even when it 's painful , a lot of work and costly -RRB- person out there , try to objectively engage with the following quote from a dutch doctor . -LRB- since `` Million Dollar Baby '' has already begged the question . -RRB- `` Life is not a quality . Death is not a right . It is naive to think that euthanasia will remain voluntary . Euthanasia is an extinguishment of all rights . ''
 O.K. , I have not seen this movie yet but will plunk down by hard earned bucks as soon as it 's released on the 12th of July . What I do n't get is , are there people out there that buy full screen DVD 's or worse , prefer them ?! Why do you want to watch a cropped off version of the movie ? I do n't get it , you might as well stick to Video tape which made the huge , ripping off the public , mistake of turning out 95 % of the factory tapes in pan and scan . Wake up folks , buy the real version of the movie . Make thes inferior versions go away . Wide screen will get five stars , hear this movie is awesome .
 And that is saying a lot ... because I consider myself to be a lover of movies ... This ranks right alongside if not above Braveheart , The Godfather , and E.T. I ca n't say it is the movie I liked the most ... but it is SO well acted ... so well directed ... and the story , although seemingly contrived worked for me . Swank has proved that she is in a class all by herself , with her second Oscar and quite possibly the best female performance I can EVER remember ... it is the subtleties of her portrayal that makes this performance work ... I was wondering if my assessment of this flick was way off , so I started surfing reviews ... and for once ,
 Given the amount of lavish praise and gushing reviews that have been heaped upon this film , one would think that it 's a masterpiece of sorts . On that scale , it is n't even a mediocre film at best.Like craggy old men ? Well , you have not one but two of them
 Only a devout fan will want to view this mess to the end . To be honest , I fast-forwarded through much of it .
 Robert plays a severe burn patient that is having flashbacks ... I think this is one of the worst in his career as it makes him look like a nut that wants to die ... Very strong content is involved in terms of sex and violent content . . I expected to see Robert as a detective out solving a case and not some wacked out musical ... The only saving grace is the classic music sprinkled throughout the movie ...
 I thought this might be a fun movie - a cross between the detective genre & a musical , Robert Downey - but was very soon offended by the portrayals of women -LRB- all 1-dimensional sex objects stripping in cabarets , boring ... -RRB- , the egregious constant sexual references - for God 's sake , do n't watch this with children ! - and the predictability of the characters . Some boring old-fashioned sexist male idiot 's fantasies , I could not watch more than 10 minutes . Too bad Robert Downey allowed himself to be talked into this one.The Singing Detective
 In the world of writer Dennis Potter -LRB- PENNIES FROM HEAVEN , LIPSTICK ON YOUR COLLAR -RRB- , upbeat songs are used to contrast the gloomy lives of Potter 's downbeat characters . Keith Gordon 's adaptation of Potter 's THE SINGING DETECTIVE stands in the mighty shadow of the acclaimed 6-hour BBC television production -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . I suppose Gordon 's effort should be judged on its own merits , but since I saw the BBC miniseries first , it 's impossible for me not to draw comparisons.Robert Downey Jr. plays a writer hospitalized for an extreme case of eczema , a skin disease that results in inflammation and scaliness -LRB- in real life , Potter suffered from the same disorder -RRB- . During his stay , Downey , a miserable misogynist , frequently escapes into the fictional life of his alter ego , a singing detective . In these fantasies , he finds himself confronting many long-suppressed emotional issues.The BBC version had the luxury of exploring its protagonist over a six-hour duration , allowing lead actor Michael Gambon to infuse his character with the sort of subtle shadings that are nowhere to be found in this remake . With only 108 minutes to cover the same ground , Robert Downey Jr. turns in rushed , one-note performance , though probably not through any fault of his own . But he 's still one cranky jerk and after a while , even the most indulgent viewer will lose interest in him , and begin wondering why they should care about any of his whining . Without the key ingredient of audience sympathy , Gordon 's film implodes.In Gordon 's defense , Dennis Potter 's work is notoriously tricky to adapt ; Potter 's writings are populated by unappealing souls and his technique of allowing songs to convey a character 's suppressed emotions is a conceptual conceit that can -- and often does -- grow tiresome . When it 's done correctly , however , it makes for compelling , disturbing entertainment . For that reason , I advise you to skip this film , and check out the BBC version of THE SINGING DETECTIVE and the underrated Steve Martin film PENNIES FROM HEAVEN .
 Dan Dark , writer of noir , Raymond Chandler-esque Detective fiction is suffering from a severe skin condition that has made him virtually a prisoner in his own body . Mentally , he dwells in the realm of his novel , The Singing Detective , where he is a suave , hard-boiled yet sensitive PI . When forced to interact with the real world , Dark is obnoxious , angry and abusive . When his condition fails to improve , his doctor prescribes psychotherapy . Using his book as a key to his past , his therapist hopes to unlock Dark 's subconcious and set him on the road to healing.There were several good things about this movie . The concept had a great deal of potential to be depthful and interesting . The film-making was pretty interesting . The performances were remarkable and Mel Gibson 's make-up job was astounding . But the movie as a whole did n't work for me because the overall story lacked a coherent dynamic structure . The pieces worked , but they did n't fit together and I felt that some of them were missing . I do n't mind having to fill in a few blanks in a movie , but in _ The Singing Detective _ I had the constant and unpleasant feeling that I was n't quite sure what was going on.The movie moves through three storylines
 Okay , I 'm obviously in the minority here since the other reviews are glowing . They ca n't spell and they talk like shills for Gordon -LRB- director -RRB- , but hey , everybody 's entitled to an opinion . Point is ... this is a bad movie . If you 're some kind of wannabe film student who sits in Starbucks all day debating the state of Hollywood or how big bad corporations are ruining it for creative minds like yours ... then you might like this movie . It is pretentious enough to appeal to your sense of `` getting it '' even though you do n't , but for the rest of us ... well , if you have no life then go for it . If your refrigerator needs cleaning , or your toenails need cutting ... do that first ! Your time will be better spent . The movie has an identity crisis ... is it a musical ? A noir ? A neo-noir ? Crime Thriller ? A comedy ? Black comedy ? Here 's the joke ... Amazon has it categorized in just about every one of these ! Nobody knows what this is . If you decide to watch this after all I 've said , let me pass on a hint to enhance your viewing experience
 So many reviewers so far point out that ` The Singing Detective ' is inferior to the 1986 TV mini-series starring Michael Gambon . On the other hand , there are some who defend this newer Robert Downey Jr. version on the ground that it has its own charms , mostly about its quirky nature . I happened to be interested in the film after seeing the cast without knowing the background history of the film including all about Dennis Potter . Now I 've seen it , and I was intrigued with the unique world at first , but sorry , that did n't last very long.Actually , I 'm impressed with certain things . No matter what people say , Robert Downey Jr. is a fantastic actor , and he shows it as Dan Dark in a hospital bed . His pains hiding behind his arrogance can be easily felt thanks to his powerful acting and good make-up jobs . I have nothing against the other cast which is also impressive -- from reliable Robin Wright Penn to Mel Gibson with a bald wig on his head . Even Katie Holmes is good , but perhaps the truth is , she can be good if she wants to.But even if you have not seen the original TV like me , you would soon realize the defects of the film . Im short it needs more time . So many characters are made to appear in Dark 's two worlds , reality and fantasy , that they are all reduced to insignificant cyphers . Alfre Woodard appears fleetingly , and is gone . Adrian Brody and Jon Polito appear as Hoods , and ... what did they do ? Nothing that I can remember . Jeremy Northam ? Where is he?But more fundamental trouble is the relation between Dark and the doctor played by Gibson . For all Gibson 's good acting as oddball Dr. Gibbon , Dark 's psychological process to find the true problem about his over-aggressive mind through his ficional noir world looks too contrived here , and is given too short time to convince us . Even the musical sections , though themselves good , look mercilessly cut short . Director Keith Gordon does his best , but if you see too short musical parts -LRB- Danny and the Juniors ' hit ` At the Hop ' for example -RRB- it is obvious that the film 's budget was limited.I 'm not telling you ` The Singing Detective ' is a bad film . Rather , it is an example showing that with a wiser decision of the filmmakers , this could have been much better . Why not longer version instead of just 110 minutes ? But perhaps , like Billy Bob Thornton 's ` All the Pretty Horses , ' the exectives would not allow that .
 I 've never been much of a Robert Downey Jr. fan . All I heard was praises for him in this film , and I must say I was disappointed when this movie never came to theater when I first heard about it over a year ago . You would have thought with a movie with this kind of cast including Downey , Mel Gibson , Katie Holmes Wright Penn , and Adrien Brody would have made this movie shine . It 's anything but that.Dan Darko -LRB- Downey -RRB- is an author . He 's in a hospital for some kind of skin condition that they never explain how he got . He is stuck in the hospital and he hates every minute of it . He starts to hullicinate and live out the novels that he 's written . He 's not sure what is fake and whats not except for the visits from the few people he sees.Dr.Gibbons -LRB- Gibson -RRB- is the closest thing that Darko has to a friend . He really does want to help him out , and the two really do play some interesting mind games out with each other . Gibbons is trying to help him overcome his illusions and get himself back into the real world.The real world is n't what Darko likes . His nagging ex-wife -LRB- Wright Penn -RRB- is hanging around with ulterior motives . He does however enjoy his daily rubs with skin cream from Nurse Mills -LRB- Holmes -RRB- . However it 's up to Darko to overcome his problems . He 's living out painful memories from his life and he must make the descion to solve the problems and get back to reality or stay in the dream world he hates.The worst part of this movie is the organization of it . It 's really messy at times . You do n't know what is going on and the jump to reality and fantasy is non stop . It 's to much of an effort to try to keep up with it . It 's not thats it to complicated but it 's boring and stupid.I enjoyed parts of the script . I loved some of the conversations between Darko and Gibbons . Gibson and Downey are both great in those situations . The rest of the script is a waste.The acting is n't bad in the movie , but it 's nothing to write home about . There is so much wasted talent in this picture . This movie is really a waste in something that could have been so much better . I really only enjoyed one part of the movie and that is the scene and dance sequence with Katie Holmes . The rest of the movie really is crap to me.You definetly want to rent this one before you buy it . Not even hardcore fans of these actors can enjoy this one .
 Despite supporting roles from the very talented and beautiful Carla Gugino , and screen legend Mel Gibson ... this movie seemed very weak to me - like Carla and Mel were in it just to lend some credibility to Robert Downey Jr. -LRB- who I guess is really tarnished by his drug abuse -RRB- I 've never seen the t.v. series that this movie is loosely based on , and so I ca n't draw comparisons . I can say though , it was a very , very , very strange movie . One minute the tortured patient -LRB- Robert Downey -RRB- is surrounded by doctors , the next - they 're all singing and dancing ` the hop ' while the hospital room morphs into a dance floor . It then goes into some distasteful scenes with more Robert Downey as he investigates who he is - a patient or a detective from his own novel . Mel Gibson 's tiny role as the psychotherapist was to help explore that . Carla Gugina 's tiny role was as his mother in his earliest memories - whom he thought commited suicide , but is now figuring out she was murdered . If you 're a fan of Mel Gibson or Carla Gugino , I would suggest strongly that you pass on this one .
 I picked this turkey up in the frozen food aisle of my local supermarket for a few bucks , though I would have been a better shopper buying a frozen pizza & bean burrito instead . The DVD gave me more indigestion . From the cover , I thought it might be a low-rent L.A. Confidential , being set in the 1950s with very pulpish cover art . I love noirs set in Los Angeles , but this is certainly no Double Indemnity . They must have blown the budget on Downey 's skin disease , because you really have to see it . Hey director , ever hear of `` establishing shot ? '' Made me wish for my old low-def analog 19 '' TV . It really does stink like a student film from a really troubled student . A real howler is the hospital operating staff from '50s L.A. supposedly . They look like a `` diversity is our strength '' poster from a community college . The black woman has a '80s style hairdo , though it does n't really matter . Hollywood ca n't make a decent movie , but you certainly know who 's voting for Obama in 2012 . Yiiihaaaa ! It 's on its way to the landfill .
 I was all set to really enjoy this movie after watching the mini-series of the same name for the 2nd time -LRB- a rare thing for me -RRB- . I thought the original was one of the finest works ever to grace the TV . However , the movie was a real disappointment.I knew going in that the story had been changed somewhat to a different time & place with different music . But unfortunately , the differences between this movie and the mini-series were all for the worse.The story has been changed in some subtle and not-so-subtle ways . One big difference is that the lead character is in a private hospital room , which takes away much of the give-and-take dialog and atmosphere of the original . The original 's use of sex scenes , while provocative for the TV , was quite mild compared to the much more flagrant incestuous and Oedipal scenes in the movie . The movie is much more dark and unredeeming in general . Finally , while I like R. Downey , he was a very poor substitute for Michael Gambon in this part . He was really completely unbelievable as a frustrated author - not that a better acting job would have made this a decent movie - I got the sense he was reading his lines off a teleprompter.The cast in general looked good on paper , but again , they were n't enough to save this stinker.I do n't know exactly why this version was so much worse than the original . Whether the author 's rewrite , the shorter format , the director , or Hollywood in general are to blame . But it is hard to imagine anyone liking this version anywhere near as much.I actually had to stop watching this movie before the end -LRB- another rarity -RRB- - it was painful . I 'm using the time I saved to write this review and try to help others avoid my mistake . What Hollywood did to The Singing Dectective was a crime .
 Because of the strong list of actors in this movie , `` The Singing Detective '' could have been an absolute gem , but it was simply bogged down by the writing . From start to finish this script seems confused , as though the writer was trying to cram way too many things into one simple film.This movie is about Dark , a novelist laid up in hospital with a severe skin condition . Here he hallucinates about being a private detective in the 30 's or 40 's , where the story is even more muddled by strange musical lip-synching that hardly advances the plot.The acting here is strong , as Robert Downey Jr. is in his usual fine form , going from a film noir detective to a bitter patient in the present day . Katie Holmes and Robin Wright Penn also deliver strong performances as a nurse and Dark 's wife , respectively . The true achievement in this film is the performance of Mel Gibson , who plays an eccentric psychotherapist for Dark . He plays the doctor with an impressive quirkiness that I thought was not possible from the usually wooden Gibson.I think this movie could have really been great , and there are elements here that glimmer with hope , but it all falls flat because of the overbearing script . Had the writer been more focused , or sure of what he wanted to see up on the screen , then this movie would have been alot better than it was .
 This was no great movie . After suffering through the first half hour -LRB- but determined to see it through -RRB- , I managed to do my ironing , balance my checkbook , and finish a crossword puzzle while this film droned on -LRB- and on , and on -RRB- in the background . Even the lovely Katie Holmes could n't save this movie . I was disappointed , to say the least , after reading all the glowing reviews . The cuts between reality and musical/fanasy were handled much better in `` Chicago . '' I would n't recommend this movie to anyone as it it tedious and horribly uninteresting .
 I 'm a huge Robert Downey , Jr. fan , but this movie did not live up to my expectations . I found it tedious and boring for the most part . I guess every great actor has an occasional bad movie .
 Adults Only ! Contains sexual content . Hyper film noir.I guess an actor must once in a while do a film that helps pay for the house and the therapist . Robert Downey Jr. did `` The Singing Detective '' . Downey plays `` Detective Dan Dark '' who is in the hospital with a horrible skin condition all over his body that has lasted for three months . It is so bad he is losing his mind . he flashbacks to the land of 1950 's film noir where he is a singer -LRB- lip-sync old 1950 's tunes here -RRB- . He also has written a book full of pictures which his psychotherapist -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- believes contains clues about his life.He has a problem with women , especially his wife -LRB- Robin Wright -RRB- . It goes back to when he was a child when adults would have sex in front of him of near him.His wife has found his screenplay without him knowing about it . She plans on typing it herself and cashing in on it for herself while her husband is in the hospital.That is Robert Downey Jr. singing `` In My Dreams '' during the end credits.Some scenes were filmed east of Lancaster , California and north of Antelope Acres , California .
 The original BBC television series THE SINGING DETECTIVE , written by Dennis Potter , is by any standard one of the milestones of television . It was a weird but spectacularly successful blend of hospital drama , film noir , psychological thriller , and surreal musical that managed to strike the right balance between its disparate elements to create something utterly unique and magical . Michael Gambon was perfect in the lead , and he was complemented by a first rate cast , including Bill Patterson and Joanna Whalley.Now we have a very odd thing indeed
 I tried watching this twice , and both times turned it off before i was 30 mins in . Could n't stand the pacing , cinematography or dialog . Meh .
 When I first read about this movie , I was intrigued , and went out of my way to get a copy . It was a mistake ! The story makes no sense and has more holes than a log of Swiss cheese . As for the cast , I 've seen better acting in reality shows . This movie was just a big waste of time !
 The other reviewer must be involved with the production of this film -LRB- and I use the term loosely -RRB- , because this movie is GARBAGE ! Unfortunately , I paid $ 3 for this mess on Amazon streaming via my Roku . This is the first film I wanted my money back from Amazon ! I kid you not , it looks like it was filmed with a low-end camcorder , I 've seen better acting at my daughter 's middle school , and the storyline is a bore and obvious . Yes , I am upset ! I want my 90 + minutes and my $ 3.00 + Texas sales tax BACK !!!!!!!!!
 Be cautious about downloading because it never was able to show anything because of the buffering . I needed to show my students this video , but had to make other plans so in truth I have no idea how the video is as far as quality .
 Ok ... this movie is unremarkable and Kelly Preston probably wished no one remembers this movie . But Kelly Preston is super hot and just so beautiful on camera . She is the only reason worth watching ... and yes she is strips baked in this movie .
 The good news , such as it is , is that Lost Boys
 Certainly is modern and therefore its more of a typical , trash , and over-characterized . Kind of like random serial teenager flicks.So I do not see anything memorable about the movie and no certainly it does not mesasure up to the original.WATCH the ORIGINAL!To me the best movies to date our the 80 's while now they ove-buff films , and insert in their perversion traits to ring in male audience , which to me is a sad way to slander an original classic
 The Frog Brother grunting was kind of cute when they were little kids but it gets annoying as adults . The overall acting is pretty bad . The story is predictable with lots of stereotypical characters . There are some good scenes and the vampires overall look pretty cool with their red eyes . They could have made the story more believable quite easily , makes you wonder who -LRB- or what-could have been a room full of monkeys on typewriters ! -RRB- . A few examples
 Rented just because Lost boys is my favorite movie . This movie obviously does n't compare to the original nor does it suck as much as the second one .
 This movie is terrible and Cory Feldman , you can do better . I 'm no fan of his acting in general but I think he tried to hard to do what should come naturally . His voice sounds like he 's been a heavy smoker from birth , it 's like he 's trying to channel Hugh Jackman and be Wolverine but without claws . The amount of profanity is erroneously excessive , and does not at all make up for a crappy movie.Hiding behind a poorly penned story , the new way to `` recruit '' if you will is to host rave parties and hand out little containers of vampire blood . Some lady with a half decent british accent -LRB- knock off Elizabeth Hurley -RRB- pleads for Edgar Frog to find her brother . He reluctantly agrees , and tells her he needs expensive weapons . They take almost an hour to actually get to this rave party they talk about the first 45 min or so , and when they get there it looks like a massive amount of bored people.What 's the deal with all the vampires being behind a weak fence , but in the original film they could rip the roof of a car ? Vampires have super human strength , agility , speed , and can fly . With that in mind , why ca n't they tear a hole in your average fence ? Also what 's up with the terrible dj and who is that little boy playing the head vampire ? He looks like Leo from Tekken 6 , I could n't take this movie seriously yet could n't laugh either . Overall this is a waste of time , money , and space .
 do n't waste your money on this , its worth a rent not a buy.the only cool part was vampires flying , but turning this into a twilightvampires then werewolves is low for the lost boy . i like that they showed clips from the original , and the fact they mentioned the past cast members . buy the plot was not good , and they should not mess with originals .
 OMG ! This could quite possibly be the worst movie I have ever attempted to watch , and I want to emphasize ATTEMPTED ; I was unable to finish it . I kept thinking it would get better , give it some time , etc. . Boy was I wrong . Corey Feldman 's groveling speech impediment and psuedo-tough guy act was God-awful and pathetic . In fact , the movie might have been worth watching without his ridiculous character . My wife began to fast-forward through parts of it just so we could TRY to get to the end -LRB- and the movie is only 81 minutes long ! -RRB- . At 72 minutes in we decided to stop for the night and watch the 9 remaining minutes in the morning . But when morning came we could n't bring ourselves to watch the rest of it because it was so pointless we do n't even care how it ended !! So I ca n't even offer a spoiler alert !! This movie certainly is an embarrassment to the original Lost Boys - which for those of you who might be wondering , I greatly enjoyed . My advice to everyone
 This movie was painful to watch.In this soulless , toothless followup to the hit Lost Boys , Corey Feldman portrays a caricature of Edgar Frog that made me wince with every word he said . Edgar and Alan were , as I interpreted , a couple of posers with some knowledge of the undead , yet who 'd never actually staked a vamp in their lives . The tough guy attitudes a charming mask for a callow lad.Played straight however , it can only be what it originally was
 Did we really need another direct to video sequel to The Lost Boys ? Really , was there actually anyone clamoring for another Lost Boys flick ? Oh well , here we are with Lost Boys
 I had no choice but to give this movie 1 star because zero stars were n't possible . In all honesty , this movie is n't worth any stars . I was a fan of the original movie and I 'm big on all things vampire so naturally I would want to see this . Talk about a big mistake . Did someone have $ 50,000 left over from some other movie and decide to throw it in Corey Feldman 's direction as a favor ? If anything more than that was spent on this movie I would n't believe it . If that 's the case , at least $ 100,000 should have been invested in it with the other $ 50K going towards acting lessons for Corey Feldman . Within 5 minutes of turning it on I already wanted to turn it off but since I spent the money I forced myself to watch . I should have trusted my first instinct . What was with the sword fight between Corey and the one vampire chick ? It reminded me of two 10 year olds on the playground . Can someone tell me why , in this age of well-choreographed fight scenes that anyone could watch in any movie going back decades , would the producers decide to put that idiotic , poorly-choreographed scene in it ? If you have n't seen the original Lost Boys , definitely get it . If you 're thinking about buying this one , take your money , crumble it up , put it all in one big pile , and light it on fire -- it 'll be better spent . Whatever you do , do n't buy this insult of a movie and if you do , do n't say you were n't forewarned .
 I am glad I only spent $ 1 at the redbox to rent this movie . What a waste of time . I know it is a tall order to follow a classic like the original Lost Boys and make it good , but this was way off the mark ! The original movie had so much character development and depth . The storyline was mesmorizing . The acting was excellent . The vampires were the best I have seen in any vampire movie . This sequel was cheesy , stupid , the acting was horrible , the storyline was pathetic , and the vampires were lame . The best parts of the movie were the flashblacks of the original ! What a disgrace to the original movie !
 Normally , I would have ordered this DVD title , since I have all of the other sets in the LAW & ORDER franchise.But , all of a sudden , the price for a set has gone up approximately $ 12.00 . Gee , and in this economy.I 'll pass . Maybe in a few months , Amazon and Universal will come to their senses and go back to the old price.If not , I 'll just watch my 10 seasons of LAW & ORDER : SVU all over again.Dumb move , guys !
 I loved watching the season on television and was very much looking forward to the DVD so I could spare myself the commercials . The show itself is awesome ! Normally I would n't post a review because of an outrageously high price but ... this is absurd ! Whoever set this price is delusional ! Add me to the list of people who wo n't be buying this season also . As another reviewer pointed out ... and in this economy too ! Insane !
 DVD shipped fast ... but DVD were stratched causing them to skip and not properly play . luckly was able to return them to local store and get a working copy . def disappointed new product came in less than ideal condition
 I did n't mind that this episode was about alcoholism but I did mind that the whole episode made a mess of everything right that had been done to freshen up the show this season . As a result , we are now seemingly back to square one with same old , same old . Elliott and Olivia are seemingly the whole show again from this point forward and I do n't know if I can handle that . The episode is also a bit over the top . Virtually every person who comes forward in this episode is a closet alcoholic and , in some rare instances , an in your face AA member . If we could have stuck to the defendant 's alcoholism solely , this episode probably would have worked . As it is , I think the show pretty much blew up in its makers ' faces .
 Price was right , IF we actually got something ... The download link never worked , and we got absolutely NO RESPONSE from Amazon customer service to our complaints . They did , however , extract their buck from the credit card , and never even offered a refund .
 Tim Allen is one of my favorite commedians but this flix is not what I thought it was , not funny
 It 's sad when the idea for a film ends up being better than the actual film . `` Crazy on the Outside , '' the directorial debut of Tim Allen , centers on a man who wants to get his life back on track after being released from prison , only to find that everything is much more complicated than he thought . As far as movie pitches go , this sounds pretty good . Not great and certainly not original , but good nonetheless . So how could it have gone so horribly wrong ? On all levels , this movie is not even remotely convincing . The story is painfully contrived . The characters are flat and annoyingly quirky . The comedy is incredibly broad . Because this is Allen 's first time in the director 's chair , I can only hope that he will learn from his mistakes . That 's assuming , of course , he 's fully made the transition to film director . I have my doubts.Allen has cast himself in the lead role , quite possibly because both he and his character have jail time and parole in common . This in and of itself is fine , although I fail to understand why it had to be depicted in a film with such a bizarre sense of humor . He plays Tommy Zelda , who has just served a three-year sentence for pirating DVDs ; when he 's released , he 's brought back into the life of his sister , Vicky -LRB- Sigourney Weaver -RRB- , who 's awfully misguided in her attempts to make everyone happy . Their grandmother , for example -LRB- Helen Slayton-Hughes -RRB- , has been led to believe that Tommy 's three-year absence was because of an extended trip to Paris , where he got engaged to a beautiful French woman training to be an astronaut . Jeez Louise , if you 're going to lie , at least come up with something plausible . This is but one of many lies concocted by Vicky , and while they are n't quite unforgiveable , they do come dangerously close.Branching off of this are a number of subplots , each more chaotic for Tommy than the last . As part of his parole , he must find employment , and lo and behold , he 's given a position at a tacky pirate-themed burger restaurant . Unfortunately , this conflicts with his master plan of rebooting his father 's long-forgotten painting business . Meanwhile , he finds that he 's still in love with his old flame , Christy -LRB- Julie Bowen -RRB- , who 's just shallow enough to believe that she can divide her time between Tommy and her fianc&eacute; , a barely-seen electronics celebrity -LRB- Kelsey Grammer -RRB- . And then there 's his old partner , the snaky Gray -LRB- Ray Liotta -RRB- , who continuously tempts him back into pirating with lavish gifts and promises of money and security.But the silliest subplot of all involves Tommy 's parole officer , Angela -LRB- Jeanne Tripplehorn -RRB- , who falls in love with him against her better judgment . It 's bad enough she 's developed through contrivances , but to have a young son pressuring her to remarry , that 's just plain wrong . Why do we think it 's cute when a fresh-faced youth interferes in the love life of his or her parent , as was the case back when `` Sleepless in Seattle '' was released ? It 's not cute . It 's manipulative and controlling . But never mind . In `` Crazy on the Outside , '' the kid 's name is Ethan -LRB- Kenton Duty -RRB- , a plucky little-leaguer who takes a liking to Tommy from day one . This does n't make much sense given the fact that Tommy introduced himself by pushing Ethan off his skateboard . It seems that today 's fatherless kids have drastically lowered their standards.There are plenty of jokes all throughout , but I 'm hard pressed to say that any of them are funny . Many of them can be traced back to Weaver 's character . Do you see the humor in perpetuating a ridiculous lie to an old woman with a heart condition ? Or in saying someone is dead when in fact that someone really is n't ? Or in convincing someone that someone else has disappeared and needs to be searched for ? The film passes all these off as lovingly sneaky acts , but in reality , this would be considered a form of cruelty . As well it should be . Some actors are too good for this low level of humor , and Weaver is one of them ; she 's both miscast and misdirected , and she seems to be under the impression that her character is somehow sweet and caring.Other jokes , like the shenanigans of two of Tommy 's fast-food coworkers , are equally dumb . They 're also expected , since , apparently , all comedies these days must include one-dimensional side characters . Not expected is the idiocy with which the screenplay was put together . Did writers John Peaslee and Judd Pillot honestly believe that this movie could believably alternate between broad comedy and sappy drama ? Successful comedy dramas are much subtler than that ; they rely on actual plot development . `` Crazy on the Outside '' might have worked had it not gone in the direction of a comedy , playing up the friction between Tommy and Vicky and eliminating the ridiculous romance with the parole officer . Tim Allen is a decent enough actor , but if he ever wants to continue directing , the first thing he has to do is learn how to turn down a bad script .
 Second straight-to-video sequel to 1995 's `` The Substitute '' has part-time mercenary , part-time substitute teacher Treat Williams taking over for a college professor who was brutally beaten by her juiced-up jock students . Williams and his new team of operatives are out to uncover a steroid scandal linking the university 's football team to a local Mafia goon . Pretty good in a dumb Saturday afternoon movie type of way but the third act is more cheesy and full of holes then ... well , Swiss cheese , I guess .
 The series gets worse and worse . Goes from an important problem -LRB- drugs -RRB- and somewhat decent movie , to a not so important problem -LRB- carjackings -RRB- and not so good movie to a really not important one -LRB- steroids ? seriously , come on -RRB- and awful movie , to one that was a fraction of the first and second ones -LRB- Just gangs -RRB- and a movie you 'd need a gun to my head to make me watch . I just hope they continue the series with a secret cd burning organization , or maybe just counterfeit purses . I 'm sure whatever they do it 'll go straight to video yet again .
 the only reason i saw this movie cause it was filmed at my high school miami senior high.i wasnt going there at the time but my sister was . so i saw it and didnt like it much but it was cool to see the school on film and know ive been there millions of times . p.s the school is not all f**ked up like they showed it they spray painted it and messed it up for filming .
 First of all whats with this DVD including # 1 and # 3 . What happened to the second movie . The best part of # 3 is that apparently halfway through the movie changes who the bad guys are . I think the original script was used and after about 40 minutes the director realized there were only 2 pages of script left . So the last 1/2 of the movie was written and the 2 were badly stapled together - I mean come on whats with the voiceover at the
 This movie was really awful . The action scenes were not believable or entertaining , and the acting was high school play level . By the end of the movie , I was laughing at how bad it was . The theme of a teacher who `` really cares '' seeking the truth in an inner city school is way overdone . This movie is not worth the 1.5 hours it takes to sit through it .
 A predictable script with no dialogue , only actors -LRB- and I use that word advisedly -RRB- saying lines to one another -LRB- and sometimes to no one in particular -RRB- . There are no characters , only characatures . Might be enjoyed by people with the sophistication of an adolescent male , otherwise . . take a pass on this one .
 I found this product to be lacking in clarity even thou I have a Sony Bravia , the picture was horribly blurred , there are scenes missing from The substitute with Tom Berenger which is one of my all time favorite action movie . I do not recommend you purchase this particlar DVD from this seller . This is probably why The substitute III Winner Takes All was included , which I never liked that particular movie . I was very disappointed with this DVD and the seller .
 This movie is not recommended . I had to drink beer in order to get through it . Again , I would not recommend this movie !
 I watched it once on cd . I like the story , but after that , the cd got corrupted , so I could n't continue watching it . So I downloaded it for a cheaper price .
 After watching about ten brilliant Bollywood films I foolishly bought this one . From the first 5 minutes I hated this . at first I thought it was a comedy . No it is not . It has no redeeming quality ... honestly I could not finish this piece of trash . Well we make a lot of junk ... so why not India . Like one reviewer said DO NOT judge Bollywood based on this film .
 As I watched Salman Khan mugging shamelessly from virtually the first frame of the unbearably saccharine beginning of this film , which was even worse than watching the brilliantly talented dancer Mads make a fool of herself , I kept thinking I should reach for the remote and pull the plug ; but as an experienced Bollywood film fanatic , I know that often enough a bad beginning is followed by some pretty good stuff `` after the interim , '' so I kept watching . Incredibly , things got worse and worse as it dragged me along to its inevitable conclusion.I am not a big fan of Salman Khan , so to be fair , I challenge myself to answer the question , `` If SRK had been playing this role instead of SK , would this have been a better film ? '' The answer is almost always yes , and sometimes it 's YESSSSS ! But in this case , choke , gasp , no . But you would n't see him taking a role like this , did you ? I 'm just really glad I was home alone when I watched it , because my friends and family NEVER might have been turned off Bollywood films for good if they 'd seen this as their first sample.I 've read that sometimes a Bollywood film does not have a fully-completed script before it begins production . It is not clear if this film had one by the end . It 's kind of patched together , and could probably have told its thin and predictable story more effectively if it had been about an hour long.NOT recommended for newcomers to the otherwise wonderful world of Bollywood !
 The movie in absolute fantasy - one of the most tawdry and shallow products of Indian cinema - by the vapid , for the vapid , of the vapid .
 Bollywood never ceases to amaze me ; this is one of those movies where most Westerners -LRB- or anybody who does n't know Indian Cinema -RRB- get the wrong idea , because Bollywood is a love or hate relationship kind of deal . I was disappointed with this movie , while it is very very long , it offers an enjoyable ` white love ' concept , and the family is always first message , and we all have our duties reminder ; but it ends to be too childish , silly , and unfortunately , Madhuri does n't dance to the extent of her abilities . One thing I liked is seeing Salman so dark ! was he suntanned or what ? Also ... what 's up with the excessive slapping ?
 FIRST HOUR
 Fluff piece on what Americans thought about 9/11 right after it happened before it was widely known to be an inside job . Who cares ? Do n't waste your time or money .
 I 'm tired of people trying to cash in on other peoples misfortune . This dvd is not worth more then $ 10 bucks . Let 's stop being a nation of greedy people and start just appraising stuff for what they really are . Like this ! Its a good teen comedy but not worth more then $ 10 bucks . SORRY !!
 I watched this movie a bazillion times as a child -LRB- VHS -RRB- . In the wake of Corey Haim 's unfortunate passing I decided to relive a moment of childhood bliss and watch License To Drive again . Unfortunately , the magic is long past for me . You can not look past the terrible writing and direction of this movie . I did get some laughs out of it , do n't get me wrong , but the majority of laughs were at the expense of the terrible film-making and uninspired dialogue . This is a tween/teen movie from the 80s that certainly deserves a tombstone unlike Mr. Haim . The soundtrack is fairly abysmal , although the Frank Sinatra holds it 's own . This is not a movie worth watching . Spread over the course of an approximate 140 minutes , there are about 3 minutes worth of brilliance . If you want to see `` the coreys '' in action , rent `` the lost boys '' ... it is a far better picture .
 How can I review an item I never received when you figure that out for me I will be happy . Very disappointed and would like a refund if you all cant send the movie havent got it yet !!!
 Very offbeat . Hubby walked out halfway through . I would n't watch it again . It has the documentery style format where people spend most of their time talking to the camera . The story was kind of interesting . Characters were somewhat amusing . Not great .
 I do n't know what to say about this . It 's 112 minutes -LRB- relatively long for modern low-budget horrors -RRB- and contains about seven different camera shots . That 's it . Not to spoil it for you -LRB- but who the hell will watch this anyway ? Other than me -RRB- ... but , we see -LRB- and I kid you not -RRB-
 The biggest pile of rubbish I 've ever seen , the film is horribly boring , and I 'm not even sure what it was about.It appears to consist of a guy boiling water , and stabbing the air for no particular reason.I 've been more excited watching paint dry.Avoid this pile of lameness .
 This blu ray has some decent 3D , but I found myself falling asleep while watching it . I purchased it after reading that many people used it as a 3D showcase to their friends . I however , ca n't imagine watching it again . Not even for the 3D aspect . So unless your really into surfing , then this probably is n't for you .
 Viewed on Sony 60NX810Okay -LRB- so-so -RRB- , educational , some oomph , but where is the ultimate wave ? Was a waste of Kelly Slater -LRB- world champion surfer ? -RRB- as you would have expected the producers/directors to capture something dramatic/sensational . I have seen far better wave tunnel surfing on TV and in the movies , but certainly not here . Not much of Tahiti is captured , kinda gives a feeling of being a deserted place of untold beauty.Advice
 Bought this to check out my new 3D TV and cause I surf . However beware , THERE IS VIRTUALLY ZERO SURFING IN THIS FILM ! What a ripoff ! .
 What a waste of $ 15 . I think I got fooled by all the other excellent reviews and my need to try out my new 3D setup . Do n't make the mistake I made.This movie is a bunch of 3D scenes of surfing and little to no story . Not that I was expecting a lot , just something , please ! To be fair , I have Avatar , Tangled and Tron so I guess you could say the bar was high .
 Recently purchased this BR disc to use with my new Toshiba 3D TV and Blu-ray player.Much of the film is a waste of time . I doubt that the people of Tahiti evented surfing or waves , but that does seem to be the main theme of this disc.The 3D surfing is very good , bu there is far too little of it . Other 3D is also good . If you like surfing and thought this might be interesting , you would be wrong . I would like someone to suggest another choice .
 Very Dissapointed in the 3d effects . Thought this would be a great movie ... but I guess you get what you pay for .
 I am sure that people will tell you that I do not know what I am talking about but ... While it is very scenic that is about it . There was nothing spectacular about this is was merely a short view to pass the time . I guess it depends all what you like and as I said the scenery was great ... rich colors & the 3D is ok.As for myself I found the `` Dinosaurs
 I do n't remember what I paid for it , but it was maybe 20 minutes or less & different than what I expected . : -LRB-
 this movie is terrible ! the only thing worse than the movie are the pathetic attempts at 3D ! if you are looking for a major disappointment then this is your movie!if i could rate it a 0 star it would still be overrated-but since i can not a 1 star is still a gross overrating.crackerjack could not even make this a free prize !
 What 3D ? Just horrible . While our Panasonic 65VT30 played a store-bought 3D video so that it seemed we could actually touch the people and animals in it , the Amazon download was frankly no different than a 2D to 3D conversion . We tried another Amazon Instant Video with the same results . No more orders from Amazon instant video - a total waste of money .
 Hello
 This was nothing what I was hoping for . I thought I would see alot of surfers perspective inside a wave . No ... It was alot of talking about waves and searching for a super wave and how waves are formed . thats it . do n't buy it
 The first time viewing the movie was fine , but while trying to watch it the second time is was a disaster ; it keep stopping and or shifting from one charter to another.The movie is not a bad thing to watch , just the quality of the copy was bad .
 I watched this movie specifically for it 's cinematography . South America is a beautiful , exotic , and diverse continental rich in history and culture . Having traveled there several times I find the land fascinating.However ... It amazes me how today 's liberals , who adhere to an ideology supposedly based on tolerance and pacifism , actually admire Che Guevara . The film glossed over the fact that he was a bigot at times and a murderous thug , having participated in the execution of untold numbers of political enemies . Young people today who sport `` Che '' merchandise are totally ignorant of the real historybehind this man .
 Does anyone have any information on any `` buddy films '' about Hitler . The early years of course . Before he became so `` angry '' . Perhaps Stalin and Mao movies would be nice . Its high time we break down these taboos and see the lighter side of totalitarian dictators.As someone whose father was almost executed by this `` social justice-minded doctor '' who cared so much about the `` poor '' -LRB- except when they did n't want communism of course -RRB- , I find it mindblowing that people who live in freedom would gush about this man . Perhaps we have a lot of readers of Howard Zinn posting these comments . In any case , I 'll stick to mindless action movies since at least they do n't insult me .
 I think I would have given this movie four stars , if I had not known who the main character would end up being and fighting for . Acting is good , photography is splendid . The gradual transformation of Che is well constructed . The characters ' stay in the clinic for lepers is convincing -LRB- with the exception of the sequence with Che swimming to the other side -RRB- and touching.The `` politics '' is dealt with badly . The anti-capitalist dialogues are silly and very superficial , and I do not write this because I think they are baseless -LRB- I am sure they are not -RRB- . The last sentence we read on the screen is the culmination of this distorted view of Che . I realize that this is the story of Che before he became Che , and so it could be judged without reference to what came in this story 's future , but then the director should have taken care of sparing us the hagiographical conclusion about `` poor '' Che being murdered with the cooperation of the CIA . This is what really debased the whole movie to me.I do have sympathy for someone who abandons a quiet and pampered life to fight for worthy ideals , but we should not forget that these ideas are what created Fidel Castro 's Cuba -LRB- or North Korea , or Cambodia -RRB- . Let us not fool ourselves with the illusion that `` we '' -LRB- the West , the US , whatever -RRB- are good and well-intentioned and democratic and what have you , but let us also not forget what was on the other side of the cold war.I saw this movie shortly after seeing `` The lives of others '' -LRB- about the `` good '' life in the ex-communist Germany -RRB- and this latter movie is just so much better .
 Just want to make sure anyone who buys this knows it is about the young Che Guevara who was a racist , murderous marxist.Quote from The Motorcycle Diaries -LRB- the book -RRB- : `` The black is indolent and a dreamer ; spending his meager wage on frivolity or drink ; the European has a tradition of work and saving , which has pursued him as far as this corner of America and drives him to advance himself , even independently of his own individual aspirations . `` Che Guevara
 As the grandson of a farmer who was made to dig his own grave and then was shot in the back of the head at Che 's command , I find this canonization of Che to be an utter disgrace . Thank God my parents and I made it to America where I can be free , I can have access to the internet , and I can speak without fear . I only wish my dead grandfather , my dead uncle , my dead aunt , and my imprisoned and tortured cousins could have been afforded the same basic human dignity .
 Not entirely sure how I became a racist by simply pointing out the fact that Che was a murderer . I do n't care who he was `` fighting '' and who you think he was fighting for . Obviously , the masses could n't care less since his `` revolution '' did n't catch on regardless of where he went . I 'm also curious how he managed not to be a communist since he was 2nd in command to a communist revolution in Cuba and tried to export that revolution throughout Latin America . We all know how that went ! He can fight all the `` brutal dictators '' he wants , he was brutal working for a brutal dictator himself . So I 'm supposed to be a racist because I do n't choose the foolish point of view that Che was `` less brutal '' and killed fewer people ? That 's like saying David Duke is better than Hitler . Who cares ? I hate em both!As for the review , let me spell it out in case plain English ca n't penetrate your anger and irrationality ... Just because you/the director/writer/anyone else thinks Che liked the little guy and did some nice things for him , or even that he had nice intentions , does n't lessen the fact that making a buddy road trip movie about someone who lined up political prisoners and shot them -LRB- or ordered them to be shot -RRB- does n't sit well with me . Behold , your beloved Che : `` To send men to the firing squad , judicial proof is unnecessary ... These procedures are an archaic bourgeois detail . This is a revolution ! And a revolutionary must become a cold killing machine motivated by pure hate . We must create the pedagogy of the paredon -LRB- the execution wall -RRB- `` At least he was fighting `` the man '' right ?
 Imagine a film purporting to depict the youth of Adolf Hitler that never dealt with an instance of his Anti-Semitism and you will about have what The Motorcycle Diaries represents for Latin American Communism . The film , based upon the book of the same name , culled from the diaries of Ernesto ` Che ' Guevara -LRB- Gael Garc&iacute;a Bernal -RRB- , the mass murdering top henchman of Fidel Castro in the Cuban Revolution , attempts to portray the monster as an all-caring near-Christ-like figure . Now , I am not one who 's a PC stickler when it comes to art and truth , but the fact is this film is a -RRB- bad history , and b -RRB- even worse art . While not quite as bad a film as Monster , for its better visuals than that feminist ode to girl power via serial murder , the earlier film at least acknowledged that its subject was a mass murderer , even as it excused it . By contrast , The Motorcycle Diaries not only glosses over Che 's massive crimes against humanity , but gives absolutely no hint that such evil ever resided in the man . He was Latin America 's Osama bin Laden before there was an Osama bin Laden . Yet , to the recrudescent Hollywood PC Elitists he is a hero , simply because he opposed America . That , alone , to them , erases all of the blood on his hands , even though he was enamored of the Soviet Union 's genocidal methods . Yet , George W. Bush , a man I certainly do not admire , is utterly reviled for his crimes against humanity , even though his ` cause ' is arguably only just as ignoble and ineffective as Che 's ultimately was.The film , which was lauded at the Sundance Film Festival , and widely touted by executive producer and political naf , Robert Redford , follows spoiled rich kid Che 's months-long trek , at age 23 , across South America with an older pal named Alberto Granado -LRB- Rodrigo De la Serna -RRB- , 29 . The film , while filled with beautiful vistas of the countryside , is not particularly well shot by director Walter Salles nor cinematographer Eric Gautier , as there is none of the lingering sumptuousness that one finds in Lawrence Of Arabia , nor Kundun , films made by filmic masters like David Lean and Martin Scorsese . Instead , we get filmic postcards , not engaging realities . The framing of the shots sometimes seems as if it were done by a tourist who was in a hurry to get through whatever area he was traveling through . It also plumbs virtually every clich&eacute; of the two genres it inhabits - the buddy film and the coming of age road film . On the buddy side you have handsome , serious , empathetic Che , who-like George Washington , can not tell a lie - he rips a doctor 's poorly worded novel after his pal praises I - telling the old man to stick to medicine -LRB- would that someone had told Che the same thing ! -RRB- , and the chubby , fast-talking sidekick , Alberto , on a continual poon hunt . They get in to wacky adventures , constantly crash their motorcycle , and escape disaster by the skins of their teeth . On the road picture side , Che falls in love with a beautiful girl , but breaks her heart , the two meet strange people and grow up , chase girls , and idyllic vistas inspire the duo to talk like a bad screenwriter 's imagination of what depth is , especially when at Maachu Picchu . If this insipidity is what Screenwriter 's 101 feels reconstructed conversations should be , well ... yeesh . In short , this is one foreign film whose subtitles do not matter vis - &agrave; - vis dubbing because they are bad either way ... . Despite being made by a Brazilian filmmaker , this film is thoroughly Hollywood , and bound to polarize . Simpleminded Leftists have and will praise it to the hilt , despite its manifest flaws , all because they will not bother to check out the facts . Rightists will damn the film , sight unseen , thereby missing the chance to rip its poor artistry and only justify the many delusions of their enemies , by showing them they are correct that Rightists can not separate art from reality , either . And so it goes ... but , at least , I recognize such things . If the film did so I would not have to state it .
 This film is the cinematic equivalent of a `` Che '' t-shirt
 Diarios de Motocicleta is a great film and I would highly recommend it . But this DVD has a big problem
 There are many reasons one would like to give five stars to this film
 An interesting buddy movie with a twist . It seems to want to gain sympathy for Ernesto , but it does so in an uneven way , with fits and starts . As the two friends travel north they seem to encounter more and more primitive , or as the movie says , indigenous peoples , and each encounter shows people in poorer straits than the last . Finally , they come upon the most hopeless of all , in quarantine . Along the way the buddies lie and cheat their way from one situation to another , until Ernesto tells a benefactor what he thinks about his newly written novel , which is the first piece of honesty that comes across in the movie.The end of the movie presents the fates of the two guys , implying that , Eernesto at least , has gone off for some noble purpose and has been done in by the `` evil '' USA.I imagine that the purpose of the book was to place Enrnesto in a generous light , but that just did n't work . He turned out to be anything but an admirable figure and in life worked towards the enslavement or death of thousands of people , if not millions.The movie should have focused on biography or on ideology , but mixing in both did n't work .
 This film reminds us of the stunning power of movies to alter historical fact and blind the clueless , fawning masses . Humberto Fontova helps us remember the real Che : `` When you saw the beaming look on Che 's face as the victims were tied to the stake and blasted apart by the firing squad , '' said a former Cuban political prisoner Roberto Martin-Perez ... `` you saw there was something seriously , seriously wrong with Che Guevara . '' As commander of the La Cabana execution yard , Che often shattered the skull of the condemned man -LRB- or boy -RRB- by firing the coup de grace himself . When other duties tore him away from his beloved execution yard , he consoled himself by viewing the slaughter . Che 's second-story office in Havana 's La Cabana prison had a section of wall torn out so he could watch his darling firing-squads at work.Even as a youth , Ernesto Guevara 's writings revealed a serious mental illness . `` My nostrils dilate while savoring the acrid odor of gunpowder and blood . Crazy with fury I will stain my rifle red while slaughtering any vencido that falls in my hands ! '' This passage is from Ernesto Guevara 's famous Motorcycle Diaries , though Robert Redford somehow overlooked it while directing his heart-warming movie.The Spanish word vencido , by the way , translates into `` defeated '' or `` surrendered . `` And indeed , `` the `` acrid odor of gunpowder and blood '' very , very rarely reached Guevara 's nostrils from anything properly describable as combat . It mostly came from the close-range murders of defenseless men -LRB- and boys . -RRB- Carlos Machado was 15 years old in 1963 when the bullets from the firing squad shattered his body . His twin brother and father collapsed beside Carlos from the same volley . All had resisted Castro and Che 's theft of their humble family farm , all refused blindfolds and all died sneering at their Communist murderers , as did thousands of their valiant countrymen.The one genuine accomplishment in Che Guevara 's life was the mass-murder of defenseless men and boys . Under his own gun dozens died . Under his orders thousands crumpled . At everything else Che Guevara failed abysmally , even comically.During his Bolivian `` guerrilla '' campaign , Che split his forces whereupon they got hopelessly lost and bumbled around , half-starved , half-clothed and half-shod , without any contact with each other for 6 months before being wiped out . They ... seemed incapable of applying a compass reading to a map . They spent much of the time walking in circles and were usually within a mile of each other . During this blundering they often engaged in ferocious firefights against each other . `` You hate to laugh at anything associated with Che , who murdered so many defenseless men and boys , '' says Felix Rodriguez , the Cuban-American CIA officer who played a key role in tracking him down in Bolivia . `` But when it comes to Che as `` guerrilla '' you simply ca n't help but guffaw . `` Why is this murderous moron a hero of Robert Redford ?
 Let 's see ... what did Che Guevara do with his life ? Oh , yeah , that 's right , he killed people . That 's all . He just killed a lot of people . That ... is ... all.But ... because he killed a lot of people in the name of Communism AND he hated America all the liberals/leftists have overglorified and overrated him.Just like they once did with Josef Stalin .
 I saw this really cool movie about Charles Manson when he was a boy , riding a bike , helping people he met along the way , volunteering at a leper colony , charming the ladies , flashing that winning smile , etc. . The movie may have glossed over his bitter racism and his intense homophobia a bit , and it did go far out of its way to paint Mr. Manson in a positive light -LRB- e.g. , by adding a completely contrived and fictional `` gloves off '' scene in a leper colony that never happened -RRB- . Had you not known the name , you might have thought that he went on to be some kind of heroic figure or great humanitarian ... not a mass murderer who enjoyed and savored his victims ' pain or a delusional megalomaniac who equated wholesale slaughter with revolution.Oh , wait , did I say `` Manson ? '' Sorry , I meant `` Guevarra . '' Not that it matters . Different name , same meaning.The Motorcycle Diaries is about a man who personally oversaw and took pleasure in dozens of mass executions in Cuba and Latin America -LRB- and ordered hundreds more -RRB- . It 's about a man who once personally and without trial executed a hungry child for stealing food . About a man who led bands of armed thugs into peaceful , isolated villages and killed any male who refused to join his `` revolutionary army . '' Che founded Cuba 's `` labor camp '' system-the system that was eventually employed to incarcerate and torture -LRB- and often execute -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- , political opponents , religious clerics and AIDS victims . He lobbied Khrushchev and Castro to launch a first-strike nuclear attack on the US from Cuba . The `` passion '' that drove this man was ultimately not a passion for justice , but just a passion for killing . The fact that Che committed all these unspeakable atrocities ostensibly to effect social change is no defense
 An idyllic and compassionate Argentine rich kid decides to throw it all away and redeem himself by redeeming the poor . Only he turns out to be Che Guevara!Guevara 's appeal as a young non-conformist with a heart of gold and a mind of steel - an `` armed Christ '' , as Sartre called him - bears little resemblance with the actual long haired dictator that was
 This movie was part of a cultural project for a spanish course . When you look into the history behind the character you find out that Che Guavera was not the innocent wanting to help people man in the movie but a person that would eventually be responsible for the deaths of thousands which is omitted in the endings and just says that the CIA assassinated him
 To send men to the firing squad , judicial proof is unnecessary , '' Carroll would have heard from the chief executioner , named Ernesto `` Che '' Guevara . `` These procedures are an archaic bourgeois detail . This is a revolution ! And a revolutionary must become a cold killing machine motivated by pure hate . We must create the pedagogy of the paredon ! -LRB- The Wall -RRB- '' `` Crazy with fury I will stain my rifle red while slaughtering any enemy that falls in my hands ! My nostrils dilate while savoring the acrid odor of gunpowder and blood . With the deaths of my enemies I prepare my being for the sacred fight and join the triumphant proletariat with a bestial howl ! `` This is from Che Guevara 's very Motorcycle Diaries -- the very diaries just made into this heartwarming film by Robert Redford -- again , the only film to get that whooping ' ` hollerin , standing ovation at the Sundance Film Festival -LRB- by the same people who say to oppose capital punishment , etc , you know the type -RRB- . Seems that Redford omitted this inconvenient portion of Che 's diaries form his touching film.His models were Lenin , Dzerzhinsky and Stalin . This was the same man who along with Fidel Castro , begged Nikita Khrushchev to launch a Soviet nuclear attack against the U.S. at the height of the 1962 missile crisis . In his book `` Che Guevara
 That 's right . What 's with NOT being able to turn off the English subtitles , despite the option to do so . Ridiculous . The movie ` Traffic ' affords this option , so it CAN be done .
 I do n't see how this movie could possibly merit five stars . The first half is your typical `` buddy film '' with the cinematography stealing the show . There 's not much substance here , but it 's nice to look at and the actors provide some comedic moments . Unfortunately , the second half quickly degenerates into a preachy and embarrassing piece of communist propaganda . Except for the cinematography and an occasional laugh , this movie has absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever . Oh well ... I guess that 's two hours and eight dollars that I will never see again .
 Just kidding . I hate em . But this movie is great because deep down inside every ruthless killer and dictator-lackey is a human being who once felt bad for lepars . So we should make nice movies about them . Next the director will be making a film about Adolf who was a real swell guy and animal lover who became so enraged about German mismanagement of its economy and the after-effects that he decided the blame lay at the feet of the continent 's jews . So he had great motives , he just got a little angry ! Just like Che !
 I 'm very disappointed that the term `` full screen edition '' is used to mean the exact opposite of what it should . It may use up the full tv screen but it leaves out half of what the film-makers iclude in every shot.I guess I 'll know for next time , but sellers might to make it clearer which edition they are selling .
 Okay , so 99 % of the DVD 's that come out in English have a Spanish dialogue soundtrack . How come this does n't have an English dialogue soundtrack . I had no idea this was in a foreign language , and returned it immediately upon this discovery!Hated it!Two limp thumbs way down!MC White said
 Being an American myself who has actually visited Cuba within the last year , I find the other reviews of this documentary to be completely misguided . Like them , I first saw this documentary and believed that Castro and Che were n't such a bad guys , but that the U.S. and Cuban exiles were biased and portrayed them as monsters . When I met several Cuban exiles who emotionally told me the stories of how they had their houses taken away by Castro and how their parents were tortured and placed in rat-infested prisons for simply expressing their support democracy , I thought these Cuban exiles were exaggerating . However , after I visited Cuba last year , I have to painfully admit that these people were correct in the stories they told me . I went to Cuba expecting to see racial equality , free healthcare and free education , as people like Ted Turner and Steven Spielberg had claimed existed in Cuba . What I learned from actually speaking to people in Cuba during my trip was a completely different picture from that portrayed of Castro in this documentary . Not to mention , I expected to see beautiful , exotic buildings . However , what I actually saw was building after building in Havana crumbling , with no electricity and on average , there were five to six families living in one two-story house . In one house I visited , the roof was partially torn off , one family of three lived under the staircase , two families lived in the kitchen , and three families lived upstairs , which consisted of two bedrooms and one closet . Very , very sad . Each day they had to wait in a line for two hours to just to get one ration of bread and rice . When I asked one of the mothers about the school system she explained that all children who attended were required to denounce any `` counterrevolutionary activity '' they saw at home to their teachers . As a result , many Cuban parents went to jail because one of their children notified authorities that their parents were `` disagreeing '' with the government some way . Imagine being placed in jail because U.S. law states your child must tell his third grade teacher he overheard you say `` I disagree with the Iraq war and dislike President Bush '' at your kitchen table . I also learned that when school children participate in a government march for the communist party they 're given a coupon , which must be given to their teachers the following day to prove they participated . If they do n't turn in their your coupon , the teacher will make a notation on a report card that each Cuban student carries from kindergarten until he graduates from high school . In addition to information about the student participation in all political activities , the report card also has information about his family including whether his parents belong to the Communist Party , a Committee for the Defense of the Revolution or the CTC or Confederation of Cuban Workers . In pre-Castro Cuba , the CTC used to represent Cuban workers and demand new benefits and better salaries for them . In Castro 's Cuba , however , the CTC , exploits the workers , treating them as if they were slaves . The poor Cuban workers have to pay a fee to the CTC from their meager salaries in order to be `` represented '' by them . I was in such shock to learn these facts that I am now firmly convinced there is no such thing as a `` free educational system '' in Cuba.As my conversations with Havana locals turned to the issue of free healthcare , praised by many ignorant Americans -LRB- myself having been one of them before this trip -RRB- , I became even more distraught at the truth about healthcare in Cuba . The truth is that Castro has built excellent health facilities for the use of FOREIGNERS who pay hard currency for medical services . However , Cuban citizens are not even allowed to visit those facilities ! Cubans who require medical attention must go to other hospitals , that lack the most minimum requirements needed to take care of their patients . Most hospitals are filthy and patients have to bring their own towels , bed sheets , pillows , or they have to lay down on dirty bare mattresses stained with blood and other body fluids . Next time you hear someone say that Cubans receive `` excellent free healthcare '' -LRB- as I once used to say -RRB- please think again because that is simply not true . I spoke to five people whose family members died while attempting to `` float '' to Florida on dangerous , man-made rafts because they were so desperate to escape Fidel Castro 's regime . Most people I spoke to were afraid to answer my question `` Do you like Castro ? '' But their silence and weary down-turned eyes spoke volumes about the truth . Most people HATE Castro and think he is selfish , oppressive monster who has banked millions of dollars while the Cuban people starve and wait in line for rations of bread . I was shocked to read in a Forbes magazine article dated 5/5/06 that Castro 's estimated fortune last year was $ -LSB- ... -RSB- million -LRB- if you do n't believe go to this link
 Sadly disappointed in this epic adventure movie . Having read several accounts of the trip and part of the book , I looked forward to an outstanding motorcycle/life adventure . Instead , every other word was vulgar and totally uncalled for in the story . This is a worthless piece of trash . I had hoped to share it with friends and family as we have done the Long Way Round and other movies , but that will never happen .
 First of all , I have no compliants about the acting or who this person really was . I did n't know about this guy before I watched the movie . I think the movie is somewhat over-romantized . It 's supposed to be a story about how this journey had changed the main characters . But , the movie tried to put too many incidents together like I have n't developed enough `` feeling '' for the situation , and they had moved on to any place . Almost towards the end , the way the movie portrayed how he swam across the river just to celebrate his birthday with those patients suffering from leprosy , is a bit ... . hollywood heroic style . In short , if I want to know more about Latin America 's history , I think it 's better to watch a documentary film . The movie is neither informative nor very entertaining -LRB- to my taste -RRB- . But , if you 're someone who like `` artistic '' movie , this may be for you .
 Yes , I watched movie . And then I realized movie is based on main character letters and in reality we had two main characters . Why we see movie from point of view of Che and not second guy ? The reality was same for both why the evaluation and reaction was different?It is especially funny to see results 50 years later when violent struggle and revolution resulted in creation of concentration camp called Cuba.And now people risk their life just to get out of communistic paradise -- is this Che vision ? Or results always independent from our intentions ?
 Dumb me !!! I should read more reviews before I purchsing the movie.I though this is a movie about touring the beautiful South America with motorcycles . I did not even know who they portry in the movie . Then I found out when I was watching half way of the movie , I suddenly felt I saw this movie before ! Ha , It is a communist propoganda ! Somebody must learnt from either USSR or Chinese communist propogada machines to fool inocent people to believe those mass murderers are poor people 's heros . I lived in Communist country for many years and this is exactly how they portry the dictators as heros who care about poor people . There are plenty of such movies in USSR and China to portry the dictators sush as Stalin and Mao in the exact format . Do not fooled by the movie.I gave it a one star because I can not gave it zero or negative.The beautiful scenes of the beautiful South America and the mass murderers ca n't be mixed together .
 Besides committing the worst cinematic sin of being boring and self-indulgent , this bromide of a film is an utter distortion of how Che Guevara developed into a sadistic murderer and rapist . This yawner shows him as a spoiled medical student who helps a leper colony , but does little to explain how he became a power-hungry militant with a notorious reputation for ruthlessness . He established forced labor camps to torture and kill innocent people . In one account , a child in his guerrila unit was immediately shot without trial for having stolen some food . He helped to destroy hundreds of years of a rich Cuban culture -LRB- see `` Before Night Falls '' to understand how the Castro government stifled free speech and tortured innocent people -RRB- . Meanwhile , he was a hypocrite , living in a rich Havana estate like the so-called `` capitalist oppressors '' he tried to eradicate . But do n't expect to see that story in this dull , droning film .
 Ithink that the DVD was kind of boring even though it was a type of good learning of El Che you still had to understand a lot of parts of the movie which I really did n't understand that is why I gave this DVD a 1 star .
 Easy Rider without the sex and drugs and rock n ' roll ! In Spanish to boot !
 TRULY A CRUEL FILM FOR THOSE THAT LIVED AND DIED AT THE HANDS OF THIS MURDERER CALLED che
 Motorcycle Diaries offers more insight as a lens into the mindset of the Pan-American political left than it does into the formative years of a violent Marxist revolutionary . The film has a high level of production quality . Good , sympathetic acting is shown against a compelling cinemascape of a vast , untamed land . Che Guevara is shown as well motivated and inspired by his love for the people of the land and hatred of injustice . Good intentions apparently explain and excuse all , else how can you explain the deification of a violent executioner ? The film excuses and does not explain Che 's own injustices . There is a certain arrogance in the willingness to impose one 's own political views by deadly force that is never revealed or addressed . At one level , I enjoyed the story being told by the movie , but I could never reconcile the movie I saw with the history I knew . Motorcycle Diaries fails in its ambition to explain -LRB- justify ? -RRB- Che Guevara . But it succeeds in extending the pro-revolutionary brand represented by the ubiquitous Che t-shirts . Is this just celebrating rejection of the status quo ? Is any change better than the current inequities ? This fiction ultimately left me unsatisfied .
 The movie is great , lots of reviews about it . But this edition has subtitles embedded on the movie that you CA N'T TURN OFF . Beware of that before buying it ; -RRB-
 The movie is one of my favorit , I would definitly rate it with 5 stars but keep in mind who really was Ernesto Guevara '' a comunist , Murder , racist as is reflected in all his diaries and even more , the original Motorcycle Diaries Book.Read it carefully and you will find a lot of hidden expressions and comparissons against black people . Well enjoy the movie and it 's spirit of freedom and traveling !!!
 I really did not enjoy the whole movie even thouugh there were caertain parts that I really enjoyed.My personal opion was that I really do n't enjoy this types of movies but the funny parts were the ones that I really enjoyed . And there were parts were the charecters really captured my intrerest by doing things that would make there parents proud . I also thought it was a good idea that he went with a friend so that he did not have to go through all of this alone . And he would have somebody to share his expierence even though he was not that good of a friend and was not a very good friend . But the sad part was that he ended dieing in the end anyway
 Here we have an example of a filmmaker who is afraid -LRB- or unable -RRB- to look past the surface experiences of a character and dig for a deeper motivation and a deeper meaning . We are presented with the historical facts of Guevara 's life -LRB- albeit in an entertaining fashion -RRB- yet we can only guess at what interior conflicts led Guevara to make the choices that he did.Great filmmakers such as Tarkovsky and Cassavetes have the ability to `` humanize '' their subjects . In other words , they avoid all biases and stereotypes and take us directly into the minds and hearts of their characters in a way that helps us to understand their choices and accept them on a more personal , human level . I believe this is what Salles was attempting to do here , but he failed to do so . Perhaps he was afraid to stray too far from the iconic facade of Guevara and socialist ideology or perhaps he has simply reached the limits of his artistic ability . Either way , this film falls short of what it could have been .
 Given the fact that Che Guevara personally sent over 1,800 men to die by firing squad -LRB- Fidel 's Cuba executed over 15,000 political prisoners -RRB- , all without a real trial , and personally watched many of them die from a window in his office , the men being shot with a .45 caliber pistol at point blank range to their heads , I think this is an odd movie . Che once stated that `` we do n't need proof '' to try and kill political enemies . He also said , `` we have to become cold killers '' . Thus , it is odd to not see the connection made between the young , idealistic Che , and the communist `` killing machine '' that Che later became . Che was not even from Cuba . He was an idealist in the worst possible sense of that word . Thus , it is odd to see a film made that shows him in a positive light . Hollywood and the Left really do seem to like communists . If you want the real story of Che , read the book `` Fidel - Hollywood 's Favorite Tyrant '' . It has an entire chapter about the `` hero '' , Che . If you want the whitewashed , Leftwing version , see this movie , but please remember , your `` hero '' killed 1800 innocent people .
 Is this a romantic well directed movie ? Yes it is . It is ultimately morally bankrupt because it romanticizes a man who may have been an idealistic youth . That young man grew up to become a mass murderer . He became a man responsible for the loss of freedom of millions of human beings . Decades of oppression , injustice and tyranny are the fruits of Ernesto Guevara 's actions . The young man in this film is the same man who set up an apartment over the execution grounds in Havana so he could listen to gunshots as innocent people were murdered for being opposed to Castro because it pleased him . Ernesto Guevara deserves a place in hell . Not made into a romantic hero . This is what we should expect from Hollywood though . I 'm sure that soon some Hollywood socialist will make movies of the romantic wonderful lives of Stalin , Mao , Hitler and other twentieth century socialists .
 The title is miss leading . This flik has little or nothing to do with motorcycles or anything else . I wish I had known ahead of time that it was a forign film with hard to read captions . Save your money , I tossed my copy in the trash .
 La pel&iacute;cula resulta bastante decepcionante porque retrata con una ingenuidad sorprendente la toma de conciencia de uno de los mas nefastos fan&aacute;ticos que ha padecido latinoamerica . El personaje de Guevara resulta endeble y caricaturesco al extremo , con una carga de arrogancia insoportable.Si eres un extranjero que no conoce nada de la historia de sudamerica como y estas habituado al folklore revolucionario que existe al respecto , como la m&uacute;sica del franc&eacute;s Manu Chao , tal ves la disfrutes.Lo &uacute;nico rescatable son la actuaci&oacute;n del compa & ntilde ; ero de Guevara , Alberto Granado , quien aporta humor y el toque de humanidad ausente en el protagonista , junto a los bell&iacute;simos paisajes de America Latina . Pero para eso mejor es ver un documental de viajes .
 This movie is horrible . The story is lacking and very predictable . The graphics are less than terrible . The acting is worse . Do n't waste your time with this movie . It 's 90 minutes of your life you will never get back .
 This movie was recommended by my boyfriend . We watched it but it had to freeze every 30 mins for some reason and im not a big fan of movies with chics taking their clothes off every 20 mins , hahaha .
 This movie was BADDDDDDD ! Im a horror buff and love lots of the old B rated movies ; but this one just fell off the grid.It was campy !
 I do n't know what to say about this . It 's 112 minutes -LRB- relatively long for modern low-budget horrors -RRB- and contains about seven different camera shots . That 's it . Not to spoil it for you -LRB- but who the hell will watch this anyway ? Other than me -RRB- ... but , we see -LRB- and I kid you not -RRB-
 The biggest pile of rubbish I 've ever seen , the film is horribly boring , and I 'm not even sure what it was about.It appears to consist of a guy boiling water , and stabbing the air for no particular reason.I 've been more excited watching paint dry.Avoid this pile of lameness .
 Trust me , I wanted this movie to be good . I love hard-boiled revenge movies like `` Get Carter '' -LRB- the original -RRB- and `` Rolling Thunder '' so I was hoping this movie would be awesome and badass like those great movies . Unfortunately , it is SO POORLY made it 's nearly unwatchable . The production values are the WORST . It looks like it was made by a couple of high school kids using their parents ' super cheap video camera . The movie is grainy and every scene is cast in an ugly greenish tint . The cinematography is atrociously bad . Too many close ups , bad angles and weird `` choppy-motion '' shots that are popular these days with digital filmmakers but look stupid and horrible in action scenes -LRB- though the filmmakers probably think they 're being `` arty '' and `` cool '' -RRB- . They 're not . The story -LRB- what there is of one -RRB- is just a series of torture , interrogation and fight scenes as the father of a junkie daughter -LRB- who was in a porn film -RRB- goes around and finds the makers of the porn film and tortures , interrogates , fights and/or kills them . Basically it 's a rip-off of the much better 70 's film `` Hardcore '' starring George C. Scott . So if you 're in the mood for a revenge flick , track down `` Hardcore '' or , better yet , `` Rolling Thunder '' starring William Devane . Just stay far , far way from `` The Horseman . '' It 's total garbage .
 Judging by the other reviews here , I thought this movie would be good ... or at least watchable.The acting is n't bad at all , but that 's really the only bright spot . The storyline does n't make much sense . The protagonist is n't particularly smart or skilled , so it does n't make much sense how he continually is able to get the drop on the bad guys , and as messy as he is it makes zero sense how he continues to not get caught by the police.This movie is NOTHING like Taken , by the way , which is a far superior plotted movie . I was n't expecting big budget effects or anything , I just really had a hard time finding the plot to be believable.For most of the movie , I did not see the protagonist as the good guy at all , and actively was more on the side of the ` bad guys ' . Why ? Because unlike in Taken , or similar movies , the ` bad guys ' did n't actually kill/kidnap/torture / murder the guy 's daughter at all . She voluntarily engaged in a homemade porn movie and then afterwards died of a drug overdose . Not a snuff movie or even a bondage movie , just casual badly shot group sex porn with 3 or 4 guys -LRB- also , I doubt very seriously that a movie like that would sell or be appealing enough to package into a videocassette that would be for sale -RRB- . Yet the girl 's father , after learning about the porno , goes into a rage -LRB- which I can somewhat understand -RRB- and decides to kill -LRB- and in some cases torture before killing -RRB- everyone who might have been involved in the porn shoot.I 'm not claiming that the guys who were involved in making the porn were good people , actually they seem kind of like dirtbags . But they were n't serial killers or murderers , just regular scumbags , and I had a really hard time believing they deserved to die just for being the type of douchebags who would engage in group sex on a poorly-filmed porn . I especially felt bad when the protagonist tortures one guy and then while he 's tied up murders his brother in front of him , and then kills him next after the 1st guy is emotionally broken from watching his little brother die . These were not nice guys , but they did n't seem like evil bastards who deserved to die in such a way.Now , later in the final set piece , it is revealed that one of the guys who organized the porno shoot actually is one of those totally sick/evil/murdering evil bastard types who deserves to die -LRB- I guess in a way of revising history to make the father seem more justified in killing the other guys who were a whole lot less likely to deserve death -RRB- but by that point I have barely any sympathy for the father . It is revealed that the guy who was in charge of the porno very likely drugged the daughter out of her mind , so she did n't entirely voluntarily participate in the porn -LRB- though it 's not clear that any of the other guys would know this -RRB- and also may have given her more drugs when -LRB- she asked for them -RRB- so that he facilitate her overdose -LRB- even knowing that he 's an evil murdering bastard who deserves to die , it 's hard to say he 's 100 % responsible for the girl 's overdose -RRB- . Anyway , the ending does n't make up for the rest of the movie , and I was seriously disappointed in this -LRB- I do n't know what movie the other reviewers were watching but it must have been different than the one I saw -RRB-
 If someone experiences immense fantasy entertainment by the over-the-top revenge of mutilating and killing a dozen people performed to an absurd level then the film is not what should be evaluated .
 This is an implausable nasty movie with no redeeming qualities whatsoever . I bought this on the recommendation of others and sincerely wonder if they watched this thing all the way through !
 I bought this film excited on a friend 's recommendation and the review on here , as I am always game for a good revenge film . This movie in my opinion fails in not making me sympathetic to the protagonist dad . He was n't a true badass expect when he turned into killing mode , but other aspects he was just whining too much . I left the film not carrying if he got his revenge and at times wishing someone would just end him . Which is n't good , are n't I suppose to be rooting for him ?
 This is not Blu-Ray Quality at all . It is terrible . The worse Blu-Ray I have ever seen out of about 300 that I own .
 Crappy acting , amateur hour on the photography , poor almost like a 3 grade level plot and characters that are not fleshed out or just arbitrarily inserted as a pitiful plot device . It was almost like a modern version of an Ed Wood classic .
 Wow . My wife , pre-teen-age son , and I rented this movie based on the positive reviews here . We were very dissapointed . I love good indie films , but with `` Gerald , '' the acting and writing seemed to match the film 's low budget . The main premise of the movie required greater than normal suspension of disbelief ; that 's fine , but pulling that off requires top-notch writing and acting . I did n't think the man who played Gerald was believable as a mentaly impaired man , as his acting was 100 % evident at all times and seemed to draw upon nothing but cliches and stereotypes -LRB- no Rain Man here , not even close -RRB- . The characters of the lush and the transvestite were so cartoonish and one-note that they both seemed to have escaped a mid '90s Saturday Night Live skit . We had to give up on this movie after a half hour or so and there were zero laughs among the three of us during that time .
 I have been siting through this train wreck of a movie . The Main Problem is that Pierce Brosnan , he acts like the walking dead/Zombie . He was great as James Bond and has sucked at everything else . His acting , if you can call it that . In Ghost Writer , Mamma Mia ! and all the other disasters since Die Another Day , someone should have had the guts to tell him that he stinks . This is yet another Steven King Book brought to the screen and the main Actor is not up to the task . Take the likes of Jimmy Smits in Tommy Knockers , Johnny Depp in Secret Window , Tim Daly in Storm of the Century , etc. , where the main lead Actor ruined the movie . On the other side of the coin , Kathy Bates in Dolores Claiborne , Richard Thomas in IT , Robert John Burke in Thinner , Brad Renfro in Apt Pupil , Tom Hanks in Green Mile , etc , made their lead roles unforgettable . It is simple , about 50 % of all Seven King Books , made into Movies-SUCK and the other 50 % are GREAT . Sorry to say this one sucks .
 When I saw the previews for Bag of Bones I was all excited , but I missed it when it was on TV . Bought it on Amazon and now I wish I did n't . The book was so good but this show was a huge disappointment :-LRB- .
 This lost my attention ten minutes in . It was stupid , flat and boring and I never finished it . It did n't live up to Steven King 's other works .
 Header says it
 Starts out like a nice souffle at Demel 's and rapidly goes flat . Loren is achingly beautiful in this and given -LRB- thanks to the original Molnar play -RRB- an actual character to inhabit instead of being relegated to scenery . As the `` naughty '' Princess Olympia , she crackles in the opening scenes , both with and without the overwhelmed Gavin . Their character pairing attempts to duplicate the success of the then-immensely popular Doris Day-Rock Hudson comedies , only in SCANDAL with the roles reversed.The film is fraught with enormous gaps in continuity , as if entire scenes were simply discarded without any thought given to what might happen to the storyline . It 's basically an excuse to highlight Loren and her cohorts in as many fabulous costumes as possible . Indeed , I kept expecting extras from GIGI -LRB- which Chevalier had recently done -RRB- to show up . Set in Vienna circa 1907 , the city itself is a character in the film ... and acquits itself well.Burdened with absurd dialogue -LRB- `` I seem to see you everywhere ! '' , he exclaims to Gavin ... upon their second meeting -RRB- Chevalier manages to retain some dignity . Playing an American mining engineer who crashes parties and breaks protocol with sufficient frequency to get a real person instantly thrown in prison -LRB- there actually was security for important personages in those days -RRB- , Gavin struggles mightily but is undone by an impossible role . An aged priest could n't resist twenty minutes of Sophia Loren trying her best to seduce him , far less a young American . There is farce , and then there is fantasy , and then there is the unbelievable we are asked to accept here.The only performer who registers strongly outside Sophia is a superb Angela Landsbury as a conniving countess , almost radiant enough at 35 to give Sophia a run for her money in the beauty sweepstakes . Her appearance here is a long way from that of a mature TV detective and reminds one what a force she could be on the big screen . Michael Curtiz , one of the greatest directors in the history of cinema , hopefully picked up -LRB- and cashed quickly -RRB- a nice , fat check for this walk-through job . His lack of interest in the project and the material is attested to by a complete absence of any of his trademark directoral brilliance . Throughout BREATH the camera hardly moves , and each setup resembles the next . As for the score , it is omnipresent , irritating , and off in a musical world of its own as opposed to supporting or enhancing the action on screen.One star for Loren , Landsbury , the costumes and setting . One more for Loren 's response to Gavin 's question early on in the film when he asks if she 'll be there -LRB- in an isolated hunting lodge -RRB- when he returns . `` I will if you 're coming back '' , she replies , in a tone that defines the adjective `` husky '' and with a look that will reduce the leg muscles of any male over the age of twelve to vanilla pudding .
 waste of money . i do n't think i even watched the whole thing . ridiculous plot and horrible acting .
 I have to be a voice of dissent from all the reviews on here that gush over this movie as so poignant and wonderful and showing the pangs of first love -LRB- with the very small twist that it 's a first lesbian love -RRB- . Neither girl in this movie is created as someone you -LRB- the viewer -RRB- likes . Elin is a bratty 14-year-old who apparently has made out with every boy in school . Her dreams of escaping her provincial and suffocating town come not from a desire to realize larger goals or dreams or plans , but to live somewhere where she can be in front of trends like raves and designer drugs before they go out of style . Agnes is quiet and shy and thus painfully antisocial -- perfectly creditable given her secret sexual identity -- but she allows her overwhelming crush on the `` popular '' girl to swallow her whole . She takes it to such an extreme that she alientates the one girl in school who would have been willing to be her friend , calling her a palsied cripple and gratuitously insulting her wheelchair basketball game as the most boring hour she 's ever experienced.Given that neither of these two girls is terribly likeable , it 's difficult to muster any level of sympathy or happiness for them when they go busting down the closet door.In fact , none of the teen girls in this movie are likeable at all . From the very beginning , we see `` Mean Girls '' Sweden-style , with the popular chicks terrorizing the ostracized one , going so far as place a dare on kissing Agnes and laughing in her face afterwards . Mocking the unpopular chick 's attempt to have a birthday party was just the start.It 's the side plots of this movie -- more worthy of attention than the budding lesbian relationship -- that made this movie more interesting.Take the case of the girl in the wheelchair -LRB- whose name I unfortunately forget -RRB- . While our lesbian `` protagonists '' battle with their emerging emotions for each other , it is this handicapped girl whose pathetic attempts to `` fit in '' are fascinating . At the beginning of the film , she fits in about as much as Agnes , thus leading to their mutual reliance on each other for companionship . However , when Agnes turns viciously on her at the birthday party , she reciprocates the vitriol -- hoping that the common bond of animosity toward Agnes will bring her closer to the `` cool '' kids -LRB- male and female -RRB- who seem to make lifelong ambitions of picking on the lesbian girl.Although underplayed , it is this girl 's conflicting feelings , her misguided attempts to fit in , which are the more interesting to watch in terms of character development . Keep in mind that by the time Elin comes to grips with her homosexuality , she pretty much has enough social capital to get away with something daring . She 's cool enough that she just might be able to survive the coming out process with minimal bruising . The girl in the wheelchair , however , will likely never fit in , despite her willingness to skewer the lesbian along with the rest of them.Another interesting character to consider is Johan . This is the poor kid whose relationship with Elin was , unbeknownst to him , a vehicle for her to deny her budding homosexual feelings . A young man who started off just wanting to date the hot chick in the school , we can see his feelings for her developing , all while Elin ponders her feelings for Agnes . He also has to walk the delicate line between impressing Elin and not losing face with his uber-macho friend Markus . It ca n't be easy suffering the collateral damage from someone else 's coming out process.And , while also underdeveloped , only at the very end do we see a smattering of hope that Jessica might very well realize that she 's with the wrong boy -- an abusive , possessive and mean one -- and she may be better off with Johan , who appears to be truly sensitive and empathetic.To that degree , the movie in fact represents adolescent angst decently . But those are subplots . The main lesbian plot line leaves much to be desired because the girls are just so darn unlikeable .
 I do n't mind subtitles . I do n't mind coming of age movies . I do n't mind movies about the misfit and the popular who get together . This movie is about all the above , and for me it was too slow . The story line has been seen over and over again . I had a hard time not wanting to kick the young girl underdog . Hey , get your head out of your ass . Her style grated . There 's a scene where she disses a disabled girl . I do n't see how that moved the story along . Basically , the movie irritated me . But there are a lot of reviews that say how great the movie is , just not for me .
 * Plot/ending analyzed * Its actually quite surprising that this cliche-driven movie imported to us by the tepid makers of `` dogma 95 '' cinema has such high ratings . To be frank , this is an utterly terrible film , completely boring and pretentious . If you can stand the first 30 minutes of this rubbish , then you will know what the entire film is composed of . It deals with a spoiled teen who has no friends and one can see why , not only does she hate everyone and whines for most of the beginning of the film but she even insults the only friend she has , who is a cripple in a wheelchair and then she has suicidal thoughts but the director leads us to believe that the `` lesbian way of love '' is more solid and composed of true sentiments , whereas the boy-girl relationship is only composed of `` humping each other '' , this is quite preposterous.Most of the film drags on with shoddy camera shots which harbor on out-of-focus and misdirected teens and their acne who are talking about the most inane teen junk ever imagined , while drinking Swedish beer , this allows us to believe that they stole every sentence from 1980 's American movies . This is not an `` original '' film or even an `` art '' film , it is like watching someone 's awful video shot on location in a high school for idiots . Typical `` dogma 95 '' camera angles at their worst are what we see and this is very amateurish and it gets tired after the first 20 minutes.The teen is about to kill herself when some drunk bimbo who had kissed her a few minutes earlier knocks on her window and all of a sudden they are in `` love '' . This is superficiality at its worst . If you think that is stupid , the ending is more horrendous , they shed all their past acquaintances and walk out into this new `` love '' with some American song playing in the background , never mind that the blond bimbo is an alcoholic freak or the lesbian teen is a psychotic . It 's a very artificial film and to base the entire scope of the picture on it is dull and monotonous . I would n't want to see this piece of junk ever again , I was glad when it was over because I only came to the film because of my Russian friend who thought it might be good because the Swedes have eaten it up in Sweden , probably because they thought it was a sex film .
 This movie is too long and boring . One cute line in the entire movie .
 Neither of the teen-aged heroines has a spark of humanity . They are robotic avatars of stereotyped lesbian teens , and are manipulated by the writer and director into a totally unbelievable coming out moment that makes them feel triumphant -- an absurd and silly attempt at resolution of serious problems . Before that the film drags as the two girls try and fail to make satisfying relationships with their peers .
 terrible artifical movie , disgusting . poor acting , too long , too boring , blonde bimbo was drunk did a dare and kissed and instantly in love with the deppressed girl , yeah ok ! worst movie i ever seen
 This was a really stupid movie . I am shocked that so many people liked it ... the plot was soooo predictable and the acting sucked ! Not worth my time !
 I think I 'm quite possibly the only person who truly dislikes this film . Both main characters annoy me . I really do n't like either of them , and I do n't see anything `` real '' about their relationship . Maybe I 'm overly cynical , but I saw it as two girls with a shallow relationship which would n't last two weeks . I should probably watch it again , since everyone likes it so much , and see if I missed something , but honestly , I would n't recommend anyone watching it the first time .
 You can get 3 episodes for the price of one at the other Big online presence for TV shows .
 I was n't really sure how I was going to start this review . But let me first off say that I am a huge fan of anything Bam 's been in.I have Season 1 on PSP and I thought it would just get better with the other seasons.I was wrong . This lacked the randomness that Bam & Co. was known for in earlier Jackass and CKY videos . MTV wrapped their hands around this and got what they wanted . Comedy that is completely over the top and unbelievable.Finding Phil & Ape in Paris ? Finding Random Hero and Don Vito in Times Sqaure ? C'mon people.Maybe that 's what 's so appealing about these last two ` seasons ' . It was just so set-up and beyond possibility . I 'm not asking for my 30 bucks back , but I can only reccomend this set for completests .
 I 'm quite sick of Bam , his show , and his eleventeen year old following . He got to where he is by skating , and he is n't even that great . He used to be good when he was on Toy Machine , but all he friggin ' skates is FDR park now . Mmmmyep . Quite sick . No wonder Jenn Rivell left him .
 Jackass was n't very revolutionary , it was just popular . The invention of Viva La Bam was genius , being everything Jackass was not . The funniest part of any Jackass episode was the CKY/Bam stunts , so naturally an MTV show of his own was in order.Viva started out pretty great . The first season easily being the best . But it seems once Bam got ahold of his new mansion and let fame get to his head , the show went downhill . Each episode since has been gradually worse than the last.In seasons 4 and 5 , we are reduced to watching a posed `` reality TV '' sequence of stunts , that were obviously planned by the producers . Take the first episode , Viva La Europe for instance . We are made to believe theat Bam did n't know his parents were headed to Europe , this whole scene was obviously staged . He goes to Europe and some reality ensues , only to follow with more staged acting and creative editing by the crew . My favorite instance is the Billy Idol episode on season 5 . Wow . Bam does a convincing acting job pretending to just `` come up '' with the idea of sawing off the roof of the lamboghini . Idol , however , is n't as convincing and hopefully never appears in a feature movie role -LRB- aside from Wedding Singer -RRB- . Glomb magically shows up with a saw to cut off the roof . Ooooo ! How Crazy !! Lame as hell.The 2 seasons drone on , and we are forced to watch how `` crazy '' the CKY crew has become . What happened to the random stunts these talented guys used to pull ? Who wants to watch 30 mins of planned out events and bad acting ? If I had a million dollars and time to plan , I could wreck a house with a crane , too . But I would n't pretend that I was in a `` war '' with Mike Vallely -LRB- horrible actor as well -RRB- and tape it , pawning it off as original and spontanious.The only believeable characters in this show are Phil and -LRB- most of the time -RRB- Ape . Unless the rest of the crew can go back to what they were doing 10 years ago , they have lost any credibility in my mind . Complete phonies . Might as well do a sitcom . It 'd be the same thing .
 One of the worst pieces of crap I have ever seen . Nothing more than societys underbelly gone horribly wrong . Watch the Sopranos instead .
 Good story line , but there are many other similar movies out there that do a much better job . This movie has just about the worst acting I 've ever seen . Ever . Do yourself a favor and skip this one ~ save your money and time .
 This is the results of a good script , bad director and only one or two good actors . The only good acting done in this film were by the actors portraying crazy . The two leads , well she did well he needs a lot more lessons and some good critique before he 's allowed to do anything in front of a camera again.And why was the director useing such childish and out of date camera methods ? Is he a throwback to the seventies ?! I want my money and 2 hours of my life back .
 This was one of the worst movies I 've seen in years . A tired story , horrible acting and a lead character who looked like he had brain damage through most of the film . Some decent acting or a decent story could have saved it , this had neither . A few tweaks and this could have been a Mad Max spoof though.I know this was a low budget B-movie , but this just set the bar too low for the rest of them .
 The item was not `` new '' as described . The item is a copy - cover art is distorted and is obviously printed at home -LRB- does not look like the picture in the description at all -RRB- . I did n't even bother to open the plastic wrapping because I did not want to bother to find a copy of a DVD that claimed to be new .
 I previewed this movie for FREE right here on Amazon ! I feel bad for EVERYONE who paid for this PERIOD ! Worst five minutes of my life ! Writing this review to warn all on lookers is the the reprieve from those five minutes . I still do n't know what 's so great about , as this movie is a testment to the worlds top 5 worst movies every made . A complete joke . To top it off , when asked to rate this movie - it 's SO bad , I wish I could leave the stars EMPTY ! Please watch the preview before you waste your time or money , you will thank me for doing so !
 Possibly worste movie put together ever . The sound was so hard to hear . The movie was like someone grabbed a home camera and just played pretend . Only reason I watched it was to give it a shot since it had Whitney Mixter in it , the actors did a fine job but whoever put the whole thing together did a really bad job .
 I pre-ordered this dvd as soon as the Real L Word was over . Being a fan of Whitney Mixter , I thought this would be a fun corny movie . But this is quite possibly the worst movie I have ever seen . The acting is horrible and you can tell the actors forget their lines mid sentence.The action sequences are embarrassing . Awful sound effects and muzzle flares are n't believable at all . The blood shooting out of the zombies when shot looks drawn in and the zombie make up just looks like people throwing together a zombie costume 5 minutes before they have to go to a Halloween Party.I have seen 15 year old kids on YouTube make better looking stuff than this.I shut the movie off about 50 minutes in , but everything about the movie is horrible . Definitely was not worth the delay , I do n't see how it could have been worse .
 This is a film that I loathed with such visceral intensity that I felt compelled to publicly ridicule it . I realize that this is n't perhaps the most welcoming disclaimer for the following review , but if even one -- and only one -- person resists the urge to trust the -LRB- usually more discriminating -RRB- film selectors at the Criterion Collection and thereby withholds the approval and appreciation that additional sales of this DVD might signify to the writer-director of this film , then this review has been successful.First , let me say a good thing about George Washington
 Dear David Gordon Green , I know what you are doing . Its not working.In `` George Washington , '' David Gordon Green tries to extract the natural beauty and poetic simplicity of Terrence Malick 's films to the point of absurdity . The quick cuts to nature shots , the pseudo-casual speaking tone of children who stutter and say `` oh-so profound '' things ... This dvd contains his student films , which speak for themselves to show you what a talentless filmmaker this guy is . His Charlie Rose interview is nauseating . He lets Charlie stroke his ego about what an interesting new visionary he is ... Sickening and insulting.Go buy Badlands and humble David Gordon Green before the master ... TERRENCE MALICK
 Contrary to what too many people told me , George Washington has to be the most over-hyped piece of listless boredom to grace art houses without subtitles . Even through the film is less than 90 minutes , my ... felt like it sat through three hours of a movie.While the cinematography is a notch above most low budget indie films , it 's such a crutch for the lack of a clear storyline . I 'm still not sure why the kids did n't call 911 when their friend dies - how do they know the kid is dead ? And why does n't anyone notice the living kid running around town in the dead kid 's athletic suit ? And the business with the dog hating guy who turns the pet into a hat was like a bad David Lynch moment . If anything , David Gordon Green created a spoof of a Terrence Malick film - anytime he needs to cover the plot holes , he does a cut away to some piece of debris or has a character give a flake filled voiceover . And why was the director talking to his actor about Lloyd Free at the end . What was the deal with the aimless two minute scene of the guy riding the motorscooter that has the music change in the middle ? What a waste .
 The most striking thing about George Washington is the incredibly unrealistic dialogue of the children . The funniest thing is that I later read the director say he was seeking realism . I would strongly warn against anyone considering buying this without having seen it first . I was also thinking of this after reading a review that favorably compared the film 's narrative to that of Harmony Korine 's Gummo , which I like very much . That 's all I really wanted to point out . As well , I 'll just say that the reviewer who posted the ` myths debunked ' review is , if not involved in the production of the film , in some way profiting from the sales of it . All the others who have posted five-star reviews can just be put down to poor taste -LRB- click more about each one and see five stars given to a 98 Degrees album and similar products -RRB- .
 I 'd rented the movie UNDERTOW and it `` got me '' -- I 've watched the first half of it more than just a couple of times . A somewhat `` slow '' but utimately interesting movie . I mean it really got me . `` Masterpiece '' is n't a bad word for it . Better than that
 If I could give it `` 0 '' stars I would.Had I seen this in the theatre I would have walked out . It was THAT BAD . The dialogue of the children is pompous , self-important , self-conscious and worst of all wanting us , the audience , to actually believe that the characters would be spouting this mess ! The blond little girl was at least interesting until she opened her mouth and tried to wax philosophica . Pitiful and unbelievable!Do not waste your money , time or energy on this movie . The writing , acting and directing were all horrible .
 I read the box , I read the synopsis , and then I watched the movie , and it was n't like either . This movie is pretty bad.Since THE RING came out , it seems like Hollywood is obsessed with demon girls . Get over it , Hollywood . Move on.The plot is murky and confusing . I had a difficult time following it , which did n't make it entertaining . Sometimes movies that make you think can be entertaianing , but when they make no sence. , ... why bother ? This made little , if any sence.My advice ? Waste your money on something else . This is n't even worth watching for free . It makes no sence .
 In spite of its creepy atmosphere and clever psychological subtest , ` The Dark ' fails to truly scare us as a whole because of its formulaic storytelling in its first half , and the clever but confusing narrative in the second . I 'm not saying the film is a total failure , but after watching recent horror films inspired or influenced by Asian and Spanish horrors -LRB- like ` The Ring ' -RRB- , ` The Dark ' seems to lack something intriguing in its narrative to draw us into the occult world it tries to present to us.Still the story begins promisingly when a mother Adele -LRB- Maria Bello -RRB- and her daughter Sarah arrives at a remote house by the sea in Wales , where Sarah 's estranged father James -LRB- Sean Bean -RRB- lives alone . On their way , however , the two travelers find something weird by the cliff . It could be a monolith or gravestone , on which a strange word is curved in Welsh , and Adele just can not shake off uneasy premonition since then . Actually something very bad happens , and the girl really goes missing . -LSB- TOO FAMILIAR SCARE TACTICS -RSB- John Fawcett -LRB- known for his much better ` Ginger Snaps ' -RRB- continues his story with the mother 's lonely and desperate battle to take back her daughter she knows she should have cared more . The story itself is interesting together with her fear of losing the daughter to James suggested in the beginning , but the problems is , for all the eerie atmosphere of the seaside or the local history , what Adele does is in fact much more unbelievable than the story of the cursed videotape of ` The Ring ' -LRB- with which ` The Dark ' shares some elements -RRB- . Moreover , the films relies on clich&eacute;d items like haunted little girl , character researching in the library , or dream sequences . To make matters worse , the busy editing sometimes fail to show what is going on there.But the real reason I was hugely disappointed with ` The Dark ' is probably that the film is not emotionally involving at all . The missing daughter is not particularly a nice girl , and what should we care if she goes missing in the film ? Or how about her mother who ill-treats her in flashbacks ? As the film gets closer to the end , however , Maria Bello with her powerful acting manages to make us care , and that 's why the film ending -LRB- original or alternate alike -RRB- works . But sadly , the film is almost over by then .
 Maria Bello -LRB- Silver City , The Sisters -RRB- stars as Adele who brings her daughter Sarah , played by Sophie Stuckey -LRB- Close Your Eyes , I Capture The Castle -RRB- to her father James , played by , who else , well Sean Bean -LRB- GoldenEye , Patriot Games -RRB- of course . Their , things seem to be going ok but Adele and her daughter Sarah have , well , Mom/Daughter issues to work out . Something happens when Sarah goes missing under the water and Adele freaks out . She soon discovers that the place around where James lives has a dark and I mean `` Dark '' secret behind it . So , when Adele finds clues about her daughter that lead to a young girl named Ebrill , played by Abigail Stone , she tries to find her daughter , wherever she is . It goes slow at the beginning building up towards the end which is the best thing in the movie ... I dont mean the final shot , I mean when Adele jumps off the cliff and from then on , it becomes good . Not much of a mind-bender here . Some of the stuff is predictable and also to add it has more creepy looking kids because creepy looking kids are always fun in movies . Bello isnt doing her best here -LRB- check out A History of Violence !! -RRB- but she manages to save it along with , of course , Sean Bean , who seems to play bad guys every which way he goes -LRB- and sometimes he doesnt -RRB- but he gives a decent enough performance . Also starring Richard Elfyn -LRB- Mabel , Hedd Wyn -RRB- and Maurice Roeve -LRB- Beautiful Creatures , Solid Air -RRB- . Certainly worth a look for fans of the actors . Plus it 's better then some of the crappy straight-to-video horror releases that fill up the video store .
 I have to say I had no expectations going into this movie , I watched it with an open mind , ready for anything . What I got was movie that not only managed to make me want to go to Wales , but also made me want to wail for hours because It was a waste of time . I am just confused about the whole thing really , the plot the characters the ending ... I see other reviews on here about how `` creepy '' it was , and I just did n't feel that . What I felt was an extreme hatred of the main woman played by Maria Bello -LRB- who I have never thought had a face or talent for acting -RRB- What they tried to do was take some made up legend of an otherworldly plane , where the dead go , and we can get the dead back if we give something living . The daughter is whisked away like Penelope taken to Hades but with much less interesting results . The mother and father , now have to take care of a displaced spirit child , her haunted freaky father , and a bunch of sheep that just need to be shorn and turned into a nice Ikea blanket for me . Are we supposed to care for this mother who hits her daughter , goes out and parties to the extreme enough to where the father abandons his family to go live amongst the obviously nave and gullible local folks ? -LRB- Who worships in an abattoir ? C'mon people -RRB- none of these folds deserved children , much less a ghost one . So when the mother realizes that she sucks , and decides to make the ultimate sacrifice to get her daughter out of underworld foster care I did n't really care , I was thinking the girl was much better off . I was also bothered by the girls attempted suicide and the fact that the father had no idea about it , what mother is so selfish that she keeps something so horrible from the father , because her daughter asked her too ? Um , maybe what 's wrong in this family is that No one communicates !!!!! Oh , wait , they all flipping know Morse code so that 's enough ?!?! There are n't any genuine scares , and sheep with glowing eyes are n't scary unless you happen to like eating lamb chops and feel guilty about it . The ending , both of them , did n't leave a good feeling or bad or even tie things all together , it felt rushed . I do n't understand Hollywood 's obsession right now with creepy children , it 's an echo of the days of `` the bad seed '' and `` the omen '' but not homage , more like terrible copycats with no `` oomph '' . So see this movie If you like Sean Bean , he is the only good thing about it , other than that see it to cheer when Maria Bello hurls herself off a cliff .
 What a load of absolute c *** !!!! If anyone can tell me what the heck was going on with this film , please go ahead . I do not think I have ever seen such a bad , bad ... bad film in a long long time . Do not waste your time or money on this . Sponsor a Panda in your local zoo instead .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY SISTER FOR HER BIRTHDAY BECAUSE SHE LOVES SEAN BEAN . LET ME TELL U , HER LOVING SEAN COULD N'T SAVE THIS MOVIE . WE ALL THOUGHT IT WAS TERRIBLE AND WAS VERY CONFUSING . I DID N'T LIKE IT AT ALL . IF YOUR A SEAN FAN GET IT TO ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION , BUT DO N'T EXPECT ALOT FROM THIS MOVIE . IT LOOKS SCARY AND IT TOTALLY IS N'T , LETS YOU DOWN .
 These psychological thrillers area ll the same thing ... I cant for the life of my understand why this could be given more than a 1 star.The grudge , dark hours , dark water , the ring , the ring 2 ... all the same movie ... you watch one you watch them all . . Watchable if you are not a major movie buff who has seen most movies of this genre before .
 A muddled , confusing and very disappointing horror film from the director of the excellent Ginger Snaps . Mario Bello stars as a grieving Mother who meets a young girl who startlingly resembles her late daughter , Sarah . Bello chews the scenery every moment she is on screen and Sean Bean - who plays her equally depressed husband - simply looks uncomfortable in a phoned-in performance at best . The film tries very hard to be intriguing and original , but ends up wrapped in its own tangled web . Do not waste your time on this , buy a good ghost story such as The Innocents , The Haunting or The Others .
 This movie is along the same lines as The Ring , and The Grudge . If you are fans of these movies then this one will make you very happy . It 's thought provoking and has a good story , but I 'm just tired of movies like this . There are a couple parts in the movie that make you think something else is going on but then it never goes back to those scences or never expound on them making you wonder why they are there in the first place as they end up having nothing to do with the `` horror '' if you couuld call it that .
 With Sean Bean and Mario Bella in it , I was expecting a far better film . They are both excellent actors and I they were both brilliant in it but the script was all over the place and quite bland.Obvious J-horror influnces but this just did n't come together for me and left me bored and un-moved . Wish it was better .
 The Dark -LRB- John Fawcett , 2005 -RRB- Fawcett -LRB- Ginger Snaps -RRB- has found most of the work as a TV director , but he does make the occasional feature film , and for the most part , those feature films are ignored by the public and as excellent as you 'd expect given that fact . So it seemed to me that Fawcett directing an adaptation of Simon Maginn 's stellar novel Sheep was a guaranteed shot out of the park . That was unfortunately not the case , thanks mostly to Stephen Massicotte -LRB- Ginger Snaps Back -RRB- 's screenplay , but it certainly does n't deserve the oblivion it has been relegated to in the years since its release.James -LRB- Sean Bean , recently of Silent Hill -RRB- and Adele -LRB- The Mummy
 Movie did great until scene selection 19 . The picture froze . Could n't get it to advance or reverse . I took it out and tried it in my other player , same thing . I then took it to my daughter 's home and tried it there , same thing . I need to return it , but I have to go somewhere else and use someone 's computer to do this . When I tried to do this from my home , the site said &#34; printer required &#34; and mine is not working . I bought several other movies and they all were good , so I am not unhappy with your service . I just hope the return goes well . I have several other purchases waiting in my cart that I will not buy until I see how this is resolved . Thank you .
 I recently purchased this movie because I remember watching it years ago when it first came out on VHS . Had some of my favorite comedians in it . I remembered it being hysterical but after viewing it recently , it did n't seem to have the comical effect of years gone by . Still a funny movie .
 I remember going to see this at the theater in 1988 when I was fourteen . Besides my dad and me , there were only two other people in the theater . They stood up and left halfway through . There was a good reason for this . This movie is very poor and I believe it only stayed in theaters for about a week before tanking . Good for nostalgia value only .
 I find this film , right ? And I 'm thinking , `` Hey ! Look at all the famous people in it !! It 's probably going to be really funny ! '' After enduring this film , I 'm left wondering `` What in the world was the director/scriptwriter/producer thinking ?!?!? '' . Let me just give you the basic plotline here . Grown men want to play cub scouts -LRB- You can see the obvious opportunity for gags and jokes here , folks . Oh goodie !! -RRB- . The movie contains all your favorite hodge-podge of camp mishaps -LRB- ax head flies off , tent peg bends , cot snaps up on someone , etc. -RRB- made all the more mind-numbingly stupid by the fact that you know what 's going to happen about 5 minutes before they actually do . Combine that with the horrid `` acting '' abilities -LRB- I use the term loosely -RRB- of Louie Anderson -LRB- main character -RRB- and several `` I-wish-I-could-do-standup '' routines from Richard Lewis . Toss in a bad guy -LRB- John Goodman , the only redeeming performance in the movie -RRB- who can shoot a flagpole down at 300 yards , but ca n't hit ANY of seven -LRB- count them , seven -RRB- fully grown -LRB- and in Louie 's case , fully overgrown -RRB- men floating on a raft not ten feet from him . And what do you have ? -LRB- ... -RRB- Save you money for something more worthwhile . Like a pooper scooper .
 Probably one of the worst `` horror movies I 've ever watched . Please for the love of God do n't spend your money on it it 's a waste of your time . Basically it 's a badly filmed version on paranormal activity . You could n't hear a word they would say and the camera would `` cut '' out at scary parts . Also they use something extremely vulgar and uncalled for they made a pregnant woman cut out her baby . They should n't have went that far . NEVER WATCH IT AGAIN .
 This is probably the worst horror/supernatural film I have had to endure in many a year , I understand that smaller independant film companies have a limited budget , but I think they should have at least spent the 10 they were given on a decent lighting manager ! Parts of the film that were not filmed in entire darkness were crudely acted upon . Avoid at all costs !!!!!!!!
 A quiet vacation away to a remote country estate soon spells disaster for six friends , who awaken the demons that have been locked away beneath the hallowed grounds before succumbing to their ancient evil . BACK FROM HELL takes us on a first-hand journey to hell using the popular `` found-footage '' technique , but with far less success than films like -LSB- REC -RSB- and THE LAST EXORCISM . Between the awful audio and atrocious accents , it is impossible to understand much of what is being said , not that the cliched dialog that does make it through is even worth listening for . BACK FROM HELL is disastrously boring from start to finish , packing minimal shocks and very little terror in any of the events occurring on screen . A surefire way to drive audiences away from the characters is to have them squabble and fight from the very beginning , making their struggle for survival both empty and emotionless . Any sane person would have stopped filming as soon as their friends start becoming possessed and mutilated , let alone the fact that the camera is left rolling overnight on several occasions for no apparent reason at all . These things and more force us to constantly call into question the choice in style , which is the last thing the audience should be focusing on . BACK FROM HELL is an extremely amateur effort that never rises above any of its contemporaries.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 Being a hardcore horror film fan , I was hesitant when I rented this movie only because it was the only thing on the RedBox nearest to me that I had n't seen or heard of . Now after seeing it , I have to speak out and say ENOUGH OF THE DAMNED MOCK-U-MENTARIES ! It was revolutionary when they first did it with Blair Witch , but even after it got tired and old , at least some filmmakers did somewhat new and inventive things with `` Quarantine , '' `` Cloverfield , '' `` The Last Exorcism , '' `` The Fourth Kind , '' and a few other decent films . But this is truly a piece of shit . The actors were terrible , the script was terrible , the direction and filming was terrible , and `` Metatron ? '' The angel that Enoch was supposedly transformed into in apochryphal texts ? What idiot wrote this nonsense ? This is the first time I 've ever written in any review and it 's only because I 'm pissed off that I actually wasted a dollar and twenty-three cents on this piece of shit . And given that this small amount of money is worth relatively nothing , I would still like to have it back for having to watch this awful movie . This movie sucked and it 's makers owe all who paid to see it an apology and their money back .
 Okay , where is the crawling girl on the DVD cover ? Not in the movie , for sure . It 's set in Italy , a priest shows up now and then to offer no help , people do dumb things and still do n't try to get out of the building , and the end makes it looks like there might be a plague or something going on in the village and it has nothing to do with the rest of the plot !
 Wow , another hand held camera with people pretending to be scared . And seriously , could those people have been any more annoying ? I was actually rooting for them to get killed .
 The only reason I gave it a star is because they wo n't allow me to rate it a zero . I have the same comment on IMDB . Whoever wrote and whoever directed this disgusting low budget joke of a film may they both rot in box office hell . This is the most disgusting , stereotypical , shallow portrayal of black womanhood I have EVER seen and some of the most ridiculous acting I 've seen in a while . If the makers are black men , which I bet the rest of my paychecks this year on , they need to be ashamed of themselves for painting us in such a way that does n't even speak to black women 's realities . How many sistas do you know that are actually like this ? And I 'm sorry but what self-respecting man , black or otherwise would date a woman like the white girl in the film ? `` I come from a life of privilege and your just a poor black man , I wan na see how the OTHER side lives ? '' Are you freakin ' kidding me ? And personally , I think thats disrespectful and stereotypical of white women who actually are married to or dating black men that they love and truly respect . Disgusting . Black or white , if you have any sort of pride , do NOT support this film.-Sy
 not the best dvd but at the end had a better understanding of the movie only glad I purchased it on sale not worth over 5.00
 This movie was ok to watch one time but I would not buy it again .
 Well you did n't hear this from me it was boring and if I recall after 15 minutes I ended the movie . Therefore Im unable to give a honest review .
 The only great thing about this film was the 5 minutes Debra Wilson was on camera . I 've rated this two stars , I did not enjoy this film , but the camera work is mostly okay . Most scenes looked pretty nice.Very few scenes were interesting to watch , at times watching the ridiculous comedy acting was painful . During serious or supposedly heartwarming scenes I tuned in and out because the boring drawn out dialogue was irrelevant to the story . -LRB- As if to show other ethnic groups -RRB- '' ... see ? This is how black people act ! Are n't they lively ? `` An example of this is about 20 minutes into the film , we have a camera shot that is 6 minutes long - nothing in it but two friends -LRB- Jewels and Kayla -RRB- sitting in their car talking about Kayla 's relationship with her boyfriend , and Jewels lack of girlfriends . Realistically , this conversation would take place during the drive to their job . In the film they just sit in the parked car for 6 minutes.I can understand why the conversation was not filmed in the moving car , maybe it was too dangerous for Joe Clair to act and drive at the same time , maybe there was not enough in the budget for compositing talent to insert moving traffic footage . The point is , I , the viewer should not be pondering why this scene is so lame.A better solution would be to voice over the conversation showing the car driving to it 's destination . I should be engrossed in the story , though I was not at any point during this movie . It makes me sad when I see a mediocre black film such as this . I do have a feeling this was better as a play , but I do not have any desire to watch and compare the play to this film . There is so much more wrong with this film but I do not have the patience or energy to explain them all , so briefly ... THIS FILM CONTAINS THE FOLLOWING : sickeningly sweet pseudo Inspirational MonologueTOKEN IGNORANT WHITE WOMANCHITLINSCOLLARD GREENSLOUD BLACK PEOPLELOUD FAT BLACK PEOPLELOUD FAT BLACK PEOPLE STEALING EACHOTHERS FRIED CHICKENCONFUSED MEXICANSABUSIVE BOYFRIENDLOOOOOOOOOOONG CAMERA SHOTSMIDGET COUPLEBLACK MAN CHASED BY DOGBRITISH AXE MURDERERNEGRO SPEAKTWO BEST FRIENDS IMPENDING ROMANCE THAT YOU WO N'T CARE ABOUTGENERIC R&B ; MUSICGENERAL WTF ` ery and who Gives a flying crap .
 I am a high school dance teacher and have watched virtually every dance film ever created . This movie is boring and predictable . At least Step Up 1 drew me into the characters . The dancing is good , not great in Step Up 3 . What really bothers me about current dance movies is the constant editing . You never get a sense of the artistry of the dance , it is just a jumbled blur . Look back at Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly if you really want to see fabulous FULL length UNEDITED dance sequences . This movie was a total yawn ...
 Packaging is good ... at least using the envelop . However , the item has a broken case . I always received broken/damaged package of the unit ... . so disappointed ... For the movie , a 3-7seconds part has a blurred / distorted images -LRB- Moose and his GF were dancing in the street -RRB- ...
 If what you like about Step Up is the dancing , the acting , or the story ... do n't bother buying Step Up 3 . The acting is horrible , the story could have been written by a 5 year old and it would be the same or even better . The dancing is not that bad , however all the special effects and 3-D bullsht keeps you from really seeing it . Step Up 1 and 2 were a good work , the 3d one looks like they came Up with an idea and made it in one day
 The first in the ` Step Up ' series was a clever take on familiar themes that layered enough charisma and attention grabbing dance moves to make it wholly enjoyable and highly memorable . The second film was a bit too copycat like , but it was still exciting in ways and offered up some fresh new dance sequences . This ` 3D ' disaster is just completely uncalled for . Offering a plot that is equal parts copycat and equal parts preposterously absurd , ` Step Up 3D ' overdoes the films initial objective to death and creates an unapologetically lame entry into a series that was , for the most part , quite fun . The dance sequences utilize the 3D technology rather well , but I hate films that make it so obvious they are TRYING to be 3D . Honestly , I 'm waiting for this current craze to die down , since I do n't feel like wearing glasses every time I go to the movies , and when a film is made to be seen as 3D in the manner that ` Step Up 3D ' is , it is almost a requirement . Watching it at home without the glasses actually makes the film annoyingly obvious . With that said , I found that too many of the films choreography was ripped from the second film , as well with a lot of the staging of those scenes , and the overall plot was so empty headed that it made watching it a chore . I do n't mind light hearted romps , but I hate stupid movies . This movie is just stupid . Oh , and what a waste of dancing talent . How in the world could they delegate truly admirable dancers -LRB- who graced the ` So You Think You Can Dance ' stage -RRB- to mere supporting roles with no real highlight of their talent ? I mean , you make ` So You Think You Can Dance ' champ Joshua dress like a robot and dance in a public restroom ? That whole scene -LRB- not to mention the correlating video camera scene taking place in the club -RRB- was just ridiculous . In fact , this whole movie is ridiculous .
 `` Step Up '' taught us about the redemptive and freeing power of dance . It was n't a particularly good or original lesson , nor was it a particularly good or original film , but at least what it had to say was clearly stated . `` Step Up 2
 I just got a 3D TV , 3D blu-ray player and a pair of glasses for it and wanted to test out the 3D . This film was the most highly rated in terms of 3D quality that I could see , based on amazon.com reviews . In fact , the 3D is standout in places , but the film itself is atrocious . Suggest avoiding this like the plague - go for one of the animated featured -LRB- despicable me , etc. -RRB- or a life blu-ray such as one of the iMax features . This is what middle-aged hollywood execs provide for younger people - utterly clueless .
 The story was weak , the acting was terrible and the dancing was awesome . This move got high ratings for 3d . My opinion ? the 3d sucked . I have a 100 inch screen and my 3d is done with a projector and a 3d converter . 3D movies look awesome with my setup . Other 3D movies I bought from amazon is `` Under the Sea '' , `` Legends of the Guardians '' , and `` Alice in Wonderland '' . These movies had awesome 3D effect.This Stepup movie 3D was by far the worst out of my 3D collection . I was tricked by other reviews saying the 3D in this movie was on par if not better than Avatar . Lies . Unless Avatar had sucky 3D ! Maybe it 's just me but I watched this entire movie almost cross-eyed . The 3D effect was maybe too strong ? When it popped , it was too double imagey and it gave me a headache . There were moments in my other 3D movies in which I saw double but not this much . It was like the whole film and I wanted to watch the movie in 2D instead but the problem is I would be stuck with a crappy movie in 2D instead of 3D crap . Putting crap in 3D automatically makes it better normally . Not in this case.So I 'm stuck with a horrible movie with horrible 3D with the only redeeming value is the nifty 3D cover . I wish I could rent 3d movies from netflix .
 While I got the movie primarily for what I hoped would be cool dance sequences , everything about the movie was disappointing - from the ridiculous plot to the performances . Quite honestly , even the choreography was filmed badly . The technical quality of the 3D was fine - but nothing else was interesting in the movie .
 Lousy acting ... repetitive dance moves , story line that looks like an elementary school play written by 3rd graders!Picked it up on prime while browsing through catalogue . . there are definitely better dance movies
 In my opinion , the movie was badly acted , had a terrible cliche plot , and the dancing was so overboard it was silly . One of the worst movies I have ever seen .
 I love dance movies but this one just sucked . The picture quality was good -LRB- except for the terrible slushy graphics -RRB- . The audio was the most annoying part . Every single dance move they do has a cheesy sound effect . Drives me crazy !!! The stupid sound effects are louder than the music ! And speaking of music , the song choice in this movie were terrible ! And if that was n't enough , the protagonist dance team was terrible compared to their competition -LRB- especially the team they faced in the first round -RRB- . The whole movie was just a disaster .
 The way I see it , a good movie has to have a sturdy structure in order to support the weight of its characters and plot . If this idea falls through , then all you 'll have is an incoherent mess . `` Freedomland , '' unfortunately , falls into this category . It had so many missing pieces that its structure pretty much collapsed the moment it started . No , that 's actually too limiting
 This is a muddled mess of a movie , although it seems promising at first . A mother is dragged from a car and her young son is left behind , to be driven off in the car by the hijackers.Unfortunately , everything goes downhill from here . There are plot lines that go nowhere and long pieces of the story that do n't seem to connect to other parts . Even worse , the mother is n't treated in a believable way by the police . She may be in danger but they actually leave her alone at certain points.Anyway , it was just a jumbled hodge podge of a movie . Deeply regretted seeing it . Liked the book , though .
 When rambling Brenda Martin -LRB- Moore -RRB- arrives at a hospital bloody and mumbling about a carjacking and her four-year-old son being kidnapped , detective Lorenzo -LRB- Jackson -RRB- suspects she is talking about . When Brenda 's brother who us a police man shuts down the area where the incident took place in an attempt to trap the kidnapper , it creates tension between the blacks and the whites in the community . As Lorenzo presses the tight-lipped Brenda to tell what really happened with her son , the insubordinate community threatens to rebel if the police do n't go away . Moore , a talented actress with a torrent of diverse roles under her belt , looks - like her character - confused as to how she should play her role . Jackson is in similar territory , as his honorable cop role never impresses and I am personally disappointed that not even one of my favorite actors can get his role together to make this movie work . Freedomland never attempts to stand out from the crowd and travels along slowly until the thud of the irrelevant ending .
 I went to this movie solely for the performances of Sam Jackson and Julianne Moore ... And with the hope that the movie would be amazingly written and soar high above it 's TV movie premise . Nope.Every stereotype of every movie and TV crime drama that you 've seen dealing with a race , crime and an angry black community versus police is right here ... with no deviation . Or elevation.The thing that bothered me about the other reviews on this movie was that they 'd mention Freedomland 's ` commentary on race ' without adding the neccesary `` stale '' before the word `` commentary '' . If you 've seen movies that deal with the subject matter in this movie and you think you know what is going to happen in this movie ... YOU ARE EXACTLY RIGHT . Every cliche and stereotype you can think of with the themes of ' poor black community versus the cops ' is right here : Angry , abusive young black men who are like children , angry bitter black women who are more like mothers than mates to their lovers , the angry ghetto citizens versus the cops , Angry riot scene , the angry brother cop , an almost monolithic angry black community who move as one -LRB- like the Borg in Star Trek -RRB- and incompetent superiors in the police department ... And Sam Jackson ... Angry as usual . Though less so than past performances . He 's mellowed . I liked him and his performance , but he is n't breaking any ground or giving a `` balls to the walll '' performance here.Also , if you think you know who 's responsible for the boy 's dissapearance from the first two minutes of the movie -LRB- during the opening credits , no less -RRB- , then you 're right in that assumption , too.Julianne Moore . . was annoying . But I blame the writers . I believe Moore took one look at the script and said `` This character is grating and the dialogue sucks ... I have to go over the top with this to make it interesting '' . Her decision to go over the top grated even more . I was dissapointed with her character and the decisions she HAD to make as an actress . Her diatribes were contrived , and while it may have been conceived as oscar bait , it is not oscar-bait , because it is sooo corny . Oscar would n't go near that . The only good thing that can come from that acting caper is that it may end the streak of actors who get nominated for Oscar by playing a mentally challenged character.The movie would 've gotten 2 and a half stars , but a half a star is taken away for Julianne Moore 's awful character and performance and a whole star is subtracted because this movie was n't written ; it was photocopied from other scripts about unrest in the black community.Nit picks :1 -RRB- One of the characters makes a decision that will bring hell down on this ghetto project , even though that person knows the people in this project and supposedly has nothing against them .2 -RRB- You know how , in the movies when a character has just awakened after a hell of a night , just had the fight of her life or is on her death bed , but the actress looks like she 's just had her makeup applied perfectly and her hair ` messed up ' in a perfectly sexy style ? You think `` that 's unrealistic '' . I used to think that . But looking at this movie , with most of the women -LRB- with the exception of Anjanue Ellis . . The woman is fine -RRB- looking like utter hell , I was thinking ... put some makeup on her please . The makeup people went out of their way to make everyone look plain , pale and sickly . Moore , who I think is beautiful , looked like Gollum in this movie .3 -RRB- At one point in the movie Sam Jackson goes to visit his grown son , who is in prison . The boy has a horrendous tattoo of Tupac on his arm and says `` I was gon na get Tiger Woods , but that would n't have went down to well with the brothers in here . '' I do n't think a picture of * any * man on your arm is gon na go down too well in prison . Or anywhere else for that matter .4 -RRB- When Edie Falco , -LRB- who plays the mother of a kid who 's been missing over a decade -RRB- hypothetically begs her son 's killer to tell her where her son 's body is , and she changes the name of the killer in the middle of her speech , it 's supposed to be a breathtaking moment , but it is contrived . -LRB- Still , Falco won me over . She is a brilliant actress that could do that with the superfluous speeches she 's given . -RRB- 5 . -RRB- The race riot that happens at the end of the movie does n't make sense . At the start of the movie , the cops shut down the projects because a white kid was presumed to kidnapped in that community . But the crime that brought them there had been solved near the end of the film . However , some of cops were still in the projects , surrounding that community . There should have been no battalion of police in riot gear outside that project , and no riot . But since this is a cliche movie , we had to have the cliche riot.This movie was as stale as four day old popcorn . Pure TV Movie tedium . I wasted my money going to see this film . I wo n't underestimate my ability to read a film from the previews next time .
 Director
 This is a movie full of lofty , important ideas ... in its own mind . Because there are so many twists , it 's difficult to talk about it all without spoiling things ... but let 's just say it FREEDOMLAND thinks it has earth-shattering things to say about race relations , missing children , mental-illness and so forth.It starts out well enough . We meet Samual Jackson , a tough-talking but secretly sensitive cop who seems to be personally responsible for all police work done in a poor project . He knows everyone personally in this run-down complex , and they know him and expect him to look out for them . He 's called to interview a dazed and bloodied woman who has wandered into the local hospital , apparently the victim of a carjacking . The woman , played by Julianne Moore , is clearly in shock , and it takes awhile for her to reveal -LRB- or remember -RRB- that her 4-year-old son was asleep in the backseat when the car was taken . Jackson mobilizes the police , and then it turns out that Moore 's brother -LRB- Ron Ellard -RRB- is a cop from another district , who decides he wants to run the investigation his way , by totalling shutting off the black projects from the rest of the world , essentially putting its residents into house arrest . Unrest begins to foment.That 's enough of a setup for a tense movie right there , but it gets clumsy and confused from there . We think we 're watching a thriller ... but it is n't really . We think confrontation is coming between Ellard and Jackson , but the brother 's character almost totally disappears from the movie.Instead , as Jackson becomes more suspicious of Moore 's story ... it becomes a rumination of sorts on the plight of missing children . Edie Falco is introduced as the leader of a group of `` concerned parents '' who dedicate themselves to finding missing kids.I think I 'd better stop there with plot details ... just in case you decide to see this jumble of ideas masquerading as a meaningful movie.Jackson , Moore and Falco all have long speeches at various times in the film , all clearly conceived to be used as clips to be shown during awards shows . The actors are then allowed to indulge themselves by chewing into the scenery along with the lines they must deliver . All three are fine actors , but here the script betrays them . Moore comes off the worst ... her character is established as a simple woman -LRB- with a thick inner-city accent -RRB- who might be bordering on mentally challenged . Or is she simply hysterical from the shock of what 's happened to her son ? We never know for certain , but when she launches into one of her lengthy , Oscar-bait speeches ... she suddenly becomes a poet of sorts , full of amazing insights into her own plight and capable of sweeping rhetoric . Not a moment of it is believable or moving . Falco does n't fare much better during one scene where she sits close to Moore and tries to draw her out . The subject she is discussing -LRB- the loss of her own child -RRB- is painful , but the speech is like nothing a real person would actually ever say . Jackson also has some purple prose to contend with , but it is slightly more credible ... although by the time the movie is nearing its end , we 're pretty tired of his wisdom and sensitivity.Frankly , we 're just tired of the whole thing . It feels like a three hour movie ... although it 's less than 2 hours . It feels like a movie that SHOULD have left the viewer moved and thoughtful ... but I was left totally cold , and my gauge of the audience 's reaction leads me to believe most of them felt the same . `` What was that ? '' was my primary thought at the end . All these great actors , totally wasted , and all these important issues forced together in an unpleasing way that allows none of them to resonate.I see no reason for anyone to see this film . I hate to say that about a movie with two of my favorite actors , but it 's best just to forget it and move on .
 Freedomland -LRB- Joe Roth , 2006 -RRB- I have spent the past few years studiously avoiding blaming Spike Lee for the confused mess that was Clockers -LRB- though his subsequent movies have caused me to think he does deserve a good portion of the blame -RRB- . I always shifted it to Richard Price , who wrote the original novel . Now we get another film adaptation of another Richard Price novel , where Price once again adapted the screenplay , and instead of a guy like Spike Lee -- who may be in a bumpy patch of his career , but man , the guy can nail the hide to the wall when he 's on his game -- we get Joe Roth , responsible for such deathless cinematic fare as Revenge of the Nerds II and Christmas with the Kranks ? Is there any way this film was not going to be a disaster?Okay , so we cast Julianne Moore as a mother with a missing kid -LRB- hmm , there 's a huge stretch -RRB- and Samuel L. Jackson as a cop -LRB- whoa , what casting bravery ! -RRB- . And that 's pretty much your movie -- white woman gets carjacked in black area with kid in back of car , black cop does n't quite buy it but is willing to go the extra mile anyway . Do you see the big twist coming?The problem is that the big twist takes forever to get coming . Did we really need a full hour of explication to get that there 's racial tension building , and that it 's liable to explode at any moment ? -LRB- Short answer
 This movie was absolutely awful . Laughable . I progressively got angrier at Julianne Moores character . The woman goes through the movie in an absolute daze . She was so pathetic . So overacted . The movie started off great and then became a lame mess . I kept waiting for some kind of climax or resolution . Some `` twist '' that would make the 2 hours of life I gave up watching this piece of junk meaningful , but to no avail . I ca n't believe movies like this get made , and I waste my time watching them .
 This movie did n't win my sympathies at any point . Just to give one detailed example
 Freedomland starts off with `` shock and awe '' and finishes with `` awe shucks '' . It is not very often that I see a movie I know so little about in advance , and find myself in the first twenty minutes going `` Man , this movie is going to ROCK ! '' I did that with Freedomland.First of all , Julianne Moore does a fantastic job acting in this film . There is a part where she keeps saying `` You 'll be sorry '' over and over . She is so convincing and moving in that part , that I can not get her words and the way she said them out of my head.Secondly , Samuel L. Jackson has some great moments in this film , especially the first twenty minutes.Now here is where we get to the issue of a movie that falls flat . There is no middle to this film , and the end is just plain anti-climatic melted butter!I am not going to discuss the plot of this movie . I am just going to say this
 Richard Price is my favourite author . From Clockers to Freedomland and Samaritan , his stories haunt and stay with you . Unlike Clockers and the Wanderers -LRB- other great Price novels turned into pretty good movies -RRB- , this movie adaptation - Freedonland - was painful to watch . Shudders . How a story with such potential was converted into this lame piece , is baffling . It had everything about it that should have fallen right into place . But Julianne Moore is possibley the most abysmal and insipid actress to begin with - and in this role does not break with tradition . Scripting in general was pretty bad but boy you just ca n't help but shake your head watching Moore in an even worse than usual performance -LRB- she even manages to bring down Jackson 's performance -RRB- . This should have been handled like Mystic River or Law and Order instead of like Homicide Life on the Street with the tricky camera angles and choppy dialogue . Man , glad I did n't drop 15 bucks for the movie ticket ! I hope that the next Price book come movie is handled and casted more carefully .
 Not only was this movie very confusing , but it lacked any sort of direction . There were so many things going on that I lost track of what the purpose of the whole movie was to begin with . From the preview , they make it sound like it is a movie about a woman whose child is abducted after her car is hijacked . The movie quickly turns into a battle of the races . I do n't know about everyone else , but I 'm tired of this `` black versus white '' bullcrap in movies . We 've seen it all before . And in my opinion , movies such as this do nothing for civil rights , but rather make both white and black races look like monsters . As far as acting , both Julianne Moore and Samuel L. Jackson were excellent . In fact , I 'm more of a Julianne Moore fan now than I ever was . Excellent acting .
 Normally I would say it is hard to go wrong watching a movie with either Samuel L. Jackson or Julianne Moore acting in them ... I was wrong . Though they have both played similar characters before , Jackson a cop and Moore a mother with missing child . They did it much better in the other movies . They are not believable in this movie.Jackson plays a detective in the projects where he must deal with a case that starts to cause racial tension . The case consists of a carjacking/kidnapping of a white child by an African American man . As the racial tension continues to build , the police get nowhere . Enter Edie Falco who plays the founder and head of a missing child research team . The movie does have a twist that we slowly are let into ... . but too slowly in my estimation.Though this was drawn out and the wrong cast chosen . The underlying story is one that shows how a community can be torn apart by differences and also pull together for a common cause . And it does not take much to change the balance of which way it will go .
 This film was ripped from the headlines . This story is purely fictitious . I believe the story about some black guy killed my my child was all made up . It reminds me of Susan Smith , who was telling the cops that her children were missing . Low and behold , She killed her children and then pushed her car into the lake . what a terrible tragedy it was . Smith was convicted , and She 's now spending the rest of her life-In prison . This film did ` nt get right to the point ; Brenda -LRB- Jullianne Moore -RRB- lied everything to Lorenzo -LRB- Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- about who murdered her son ; It WAS ` NT some black guy . Brenda was guilty . case dismissed . The truth always win . `` Snakes in the Plane '' coming soon to DVD August 1st .
 I 've seen grade school plays that flow better than this movie . Interesting subject matter but all over the place with poor acting and several loose plots running at the same time . The worst movie I 've ever seen , hands down .
 I had been wanting to see this movie for a long time and I finally got around to watching it and it was a big let down for me . The plot just was n't original enough for me . It felt like a plot and a movie I had seen and heard of often before which for me is boring when it seems like a repeat or copy cat type movie . Julianne Moore 's acting was great and Samuel L. Jackson was pretty good also so for me the problem was n't the acting but just the story . I enjoy Jackson 's acting but I feel like he too often takes every role presented to him and I think there would have been better movies for him to do than this one . Overall it 's a decent movie , it 's not a movie I would likely watch again but it 's a movie worth seeing once .
 Awful . That one word could sum up this entire movie . How did a movie with such good actors and initially promising plot run off the tracks this dramatically ? Essentially this movie is proof that if does n't matter who you cast in a movie if the plot and script are poor . Plot holes , jumpy storyline , and a conclusion that is laughable make this one of the worst ` crime drama ' genre movies I 've ever had the misfortune of watching .1.5 / 5 stars . Not even worth the cost to rent , much less buy . Possibly useful by the corrections department to soften hardened criminals or to get witnesses to talk .
 Freedomland tries oh so hard to be both a crime thriller and social commentary that it fails at both . Instead of insight into the realities of race in America , or an interesting story with creative twists , Freedomland delivers an uneven , ham-fisted movie that is more pretentious than deep.I wo n't go into the details of the plot . Other reviews have already done so with great clarity . I will state , however , that the acting is surprisingly good despite the mostly horrid dialogue . I felt particularly sympathetic for Julianne Moore . Her dialogue was a mess , especially during the important moments , such as the big reveal at the end . It 's hard to imagine her wreck of a character switching from surprising eloquence to an almost catatonic state and back again in mere seconds , despite whatever mental instability she may have had . Some of these sudden shifts in tone and dialogue no doubt stem from the director 's sense of artistic license , but in this case less would have definitely generated a better result.The movie itself , from a plot standpoint , is muddled . Some of it is paint-by-numbers , namely how the racial tension inevitably turns into full-scale riots . Some of it is just a bit weird , specifically Samuel L. Jackson 's character 's forgiveness of Moore 's character . His faith aside , it just seems too much of a stretch , especially since his character explicitly comments about how jaded he is in humanity as a whole . Moore 's character , and her selfish choices , seem to be the last possible catalyst for the changes in Jackson 's character . And yet , it still inexplicably happens.Freedomland is definitely a movie delivered with conviction . It just seems to be confused about what it 's actually trying to say . And because of this , it suffers greatly .
 Although Samuel L. Jackson and Juliane Moore give great performances , the plot line of this movie is too muddled to save these two great actors . The movie does n't work as a police drama if you know anything about professional policing . And the people in the movie do n't seem true to type . Julianne Moore is the `` saint of the projects '' except for the fact that she 's abusing her kid , boinking her best friend 's husband , lying to the police , and covering up for a manslaughter charge . She supposedly is racially unbiased , but as soon as she needs a fall guy , she creates the `` mysterious black guy '' and is quite happy to let a neighborhood burn down to cover her tracks . She should have been put in a mental ward under protective custody in the first scene.Too many characters spend their time yelling at each other rather than getting their jobs done . Samuel L. Jackson is the good cop but everybody in the movie dumps on him , criticizes how he does his job , or prevents him from doing it . He seems to break every rule in the book in dealing with Moore 's character.Edie Falco is misused as the head of an organization that tracks down missing children . Does n't anyone notice that she uses about 90 % of the volunteers as decoy while she leads Moore on a separate journey with a completely different agenda ? Falco 's character makes it seem as anyone driven to find missing children is obsessed and unstable.Hey , it 's your money . Go to see the lead performances , but do n't expect coherence .
 Was it yesterday that i saw this on the news ? Maybe it was last month , no , , , i take it back it was 6 days ago i 'm sure i saw this on the 6 o'clock news . Basically what i 'm saying is it just reminded me of everyday life living in America . A sick story is a sick story real or created . Maybe we are getting to use to all the violence and hatred that America has become and so this movie almost turns into a comedy . Besides , when i go to the movies i just want to escape all the horrible things that are going on in the world and be entertained . Not to give the person sitting next to me an idea . We 're living in bad-enough times already without having to see more of it on the big screen .
 `` Freedomland '' is a mess . The basic premise
 I knew this was going to be a great movie , mainly because Samuel L. was in it ... FOR ~ GET ~ IT ! This was by far the worst movie i have seen in quite some time ... i didnt think it could ever get this bad . Julianne M. was HORRIBLE ... i couldnt belive the acting in this movie , honestly Samuel wasnt that great either . The lines just didnt seem to flow , although the two of them were conversing . It was like he would ask her a question about the whereabouts of her son and she would respond with something like `` do you want eggs with that '' ... HAHAHAHA ... this movie was sheer torture to sit through . Plese do not waste your money ... and especially your time .
 You 've heard of feel-good movies ? Well , this is a feel-bad movie . Once you see it , you do n't want to see it again . It 's that depressing . This movie is another attempt to try and teach bigots how bad African-Americans have it in the projects . While that is true for the innocent of the people living there trying to live their lives over there , the attempts here end up making the movie too preachy . There 's one scene where Jackson 's character , Det. Council , wants to ignore his present case , Julianne 's missing child case , even though there are police on the scene , to handle a jumper who is about to jump out of a hi-rise window . The residents are upset in the movie , but , in real life ? They would all be screaming `` Jump ! Jump ! '' and that 's the truth because I 've lived most of my life in the projects . And the people you see antagonizing the cops in this movie , you really end up hating . People have complained that the movie is disjointed . I agree . It goes from actually being a movie with a plot , to turning into an excuse to spew racist slurs to whites -LRB- and blacks who are then called `` Uncle Toms '' -RRB- and make whites , again , nothing but racists and liars.The movie is a festival of unlikable behavior on all sides . So , the lesson this movie is trying to teach the moviegoer becomes heavy-handed and hypocritical.Julianne Moore is good as the pathetic lonely woman -LRB- who seems to constantly physically beat herself up and is , obviously , mentally unbalanced -RRB- and Samuel L. Jackson is , for the most part , very good as the caring detective who , although he is resentful because of sometimes perceived , other times factual indifference of police , he does his job dutifully . As times goes on , he realizes something about this case , does n't sound right.The scene as they walk through Freedomland is the depressing icing on the cake .
 This was an awful waste of my time movie . I actually did n't enjoy the acting or the story line in this movie . I only regret that I purchase this movie instead of renting it . If only I had read the reviews first , instead of just watching a preview on another video . That preview was very misleading . The story line is all over the place and very hard to understand . Some of the acting is just unbelieveable , and weak .
 One disaster of a film from start to finish . Probably the only half decent part of the film is the start.Begins with a woman staggering into a hospital dazed and with bloodied hands who says that she has been car-jacked . Soon she reveals that her son is on board the car and suddenly a full scale kidnapping investigation begins.What makes the film different is that it is a white female who has been car-jacked and the man who took her car an African American . The location of the crime was also in a black area of the city resulting in racial tensions both from the police and local community.There is really little if anything positive to say about this film . These are decent actors but the acting is frankly awful . Samuel Jackson plays a detective who on discovering a child is missing drags the mother into a private room of the hospital , screams at her , hyperventilates -LRB- This all prior to him getting a statement in a crowded hospital full of patents -LRB- Ever thought of pulling a screen or putting her in a private room ? -RRB- -RRB- Then gives some half baked report over the radio.The film gets worse . The female victim just happens to be related to a detective who seems to have full authority to ` lock down ' an entire neighbourhood -LRB- Granted with his bosses permission -RRB- Not allowing residents in or out of the neighbourhood . The police then go about beating and arresting at will while local community leaders bait the uniformed officers.Samuel Jackson seems to have little control of what is happening and even less on the victim who he is protecting . She wanders off , is driven back into the scene of the crime -LRB- This in an area supposedly under lock down -RRB- where she wanders around at will -LRB- Even being accosted by a local -RRB- When our detective needs to go back to the station what does he do ? Drops her off with a local friend -LRB- Yes in the same neighbourhood where the crime was committed -RRB- while he goes downtown for a chat.It just gets worse , the interview consists of Jackson having a chat with no tape running , no caution , nothing . Riot ensures with injuries on both sides -LRB- Do n't Police wear riot gear in the States ? -RRB- This film really is so bad it makes Snakes on a Plane look like a classic . Even late night TV movies are of a better quality than this . Really , think TV movie about racism made 20 years ago shown on TV late at night to fill a bit of space.Give this one a miss . At all costs !
 This is one more movie with Samuel L. Jackson that makes me believe his career is on a downhill slide.Freedomland begins interesting enough when Brenda Martin -LRB- Julieanne Moore -RRB- enters the Dempsey Medical Center ER , hands covered in blood , and finally reveals that she was carjacked in the Armstrong Housing Projects . Even later she reveals that her four year old son , Cody , was asleep in the backseat of the car.After that , the movie simply slips away from reality -LRB- ie , recovering junkie Brenda is handled with kid gloves by police -RRB- and any plausible plot.It 's my opinion that the writers of this script got a little too focused on the racism issue and forgot to focus on the actual story of missing child.I watched this movie approximately 12 hours ago , and I 'm still sitting here saying to myself , `` What ?! '' I 'm still waiting for something to tie this whole thing up like a neat litte package ; for it all to make sense.I would suggest finding a movie much better organized and scripted than this one .
 This movie was confusing and pointless . The plot jumped around , involved God , and made little sense whatsoever . Watching the first half an hour made me wonder if I was watching a sequel , because I had no idea what was going in . The ending was mediocre and did n't resolve anything . The characters just took up screen time . Julianne Moore was superb in her role but her emotional outbursts , while constitute great acting , did not add anything positive to the movie . This is a movie trying desperately to relate a message on race relations and father-son relationships and who knows what else ; it fails miserably in all aspects .
 Julianne Moore and Samuel L. Jackson deserve to be in a much better movie than Freedomland , a ridiculous film about what happens when Brenda , a poor white woman , says her car has been hijacked . After giving testimony to several cops , she adds that , oh , by the way , her four-year-old son is in the car . Even though it 's obvious to the detective , the viewer , and anybody with an IQ higher than George W. Bush that Brenda is lying , the cops decide to completely shut down the black project where they think the child , and his kidnapper , are . Accusations of racism and riots ensue , not a moment of which is believable . Edie Falco gives a very moving performance as a mother who 's lost a child herself , despite the fact that most of the lines she has to deliver are absurd . Why all these talented people decided to make this ridiculous movie is a mystery to me .
 I have seen badly made movies , and this one is at the top of the list . I am so pissed off having spend over an hour watching this atrocious movie that I ca n't think straight . It makes you wonder
 A carjacking case and a missing 4-year-old boy trigger tension in a fictional town of New Jersey . `` Freedomland '' which is based on Richard Price 's book and stars Samuel L. Jackson and Julianne Moore , could have been a gritty thriller with a better hand like Spike Lee -LRB- who did `` Clockers '' based on Price 's book -RRB- . Unfortunately , in spite of its occasionally interesting moments , `` Freedomland '' falls flat with lack of sure-handed direction.Julianne Moore plays Brenda whose four-year-old son is missing . Police detective Lorenzo played by Samuel L. Jackson thinks something is wrong with her testimony as to how her boy was kidnapped , but finding the missing child is not easy as the injured mother suffers severely from the shock and her traumatic past . The film also involves several scenes of racially-triggered violence.Every part of the film is decently made . They are shot with authentic locations , good supports -LRB- from Edie Falco , Ron Eldard and William Forsyth -RRB- and intense acting from Moore . She is so intense at times that some may think she is overdoing it , but anyway she is credible as tormented mother . Still something is not just right like Brenda 's testimony . -LSB- CLUMSY STORYTELLING -RSB- So many things are going on at one time . The film at first centers around the mystery of a missing boy , and then it raises a question about the conflict among the Afro-Americans . Instead of developing these ideas , director Joe Roth introduces new topics one after another into the story . As a result the mystery of the kidnapped boy never becomes intriguing . Lorenzo 's inner struggle as black detective is not explored enough . You expect surprises from the solutions of the mystery , or cathartic effect after seeing tense acting from the leads . Sorry but you can not have either of them . `` Freedomland '' includes more than one socially relevant issue . Film 's `` Friends of Kent '' is based on the real group `` Friends of Jennifer for Missing Children , '' volunteer group that searches missing persons . Edie Falco 's character is based on Donna Cutugno , leader of the group `` Friends of Jennifer for Missing Children , '' who also appears as Elaine in the film . Here `` Freedomland '' is given a chance to be original , but Joe Roth somehow wastes it with among the jumbled storytelling . The film has excellent ingredients to make a superb thriller , which you do n't see in `` Freedomland . ''
 When I read the summary I expected an intelligent and interesting movie which would deal with racial/social inequalities etc. but after about 10 minutes my expectations were already proven to be wrong . In several scenes -LRB- e.g. the one where Samuel L. Jackson has an asthma attack after learning that Julianne Moore 's son is in the car -RRB- I had the impression that I was watching the fifth part of Scary Movie . Samuel L. Jackson was totally overacting and Julianne Moore was totally miscast for this part somebody like Juliette Lewis would have been much more credible -RRB- . I usually enjoy watching movies with S.L.Jackson and J.Moore but in this movie they were just adding to the disaster ... . After the initial 15 minutes the movie was just like a sleeping pill nevertheless I continued watching it because I thought that at least the ending would be interesting . Well ... simply put ... it was n't . When J.Moore tells S. Jackson `` I love you '' while they 're talking at the police stattion I had a laugh attack as it was completely incredible and misplaced . All in all
 This movie has more plot lines than an elm tree has branches . Movie goers are left wondering if the movie was suppose to be about race-relations , racial profiling , missing children , good cop/bad cop , or a mystery about an abandon orphanage . Samual L Jackson and Julianna Moore are great actors but are unable to pull it off in this picture that can only be labelled `` a mess . '' It was long , drawn out and confusing . Go see ANYTHING else instead . I would n't even rent it when it come out on DVD , which as bad as this movie was , should be next week .
 This movie had so many plot lines that it ended up dead ending instead of mimicking ` Crash ' , which was the obvious intent once you make it to the end.I did have high hopes with two strong performers -LRB- Julianne Moore and Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- ... but ... well.They should have stuck with Julianne Moore 's character 's story ... only . It would have made a much better plot and would have been quite a mystery too . I honestly believe that it would have excelled if they had done that.But ... the went off on so many tangents it became preposterous!The problem is , these tangents are red herrings ... and they tear the seams from what point is trying to be made here.The various camera speeds , camera angels , contrived acting in some parts ... . do n't lend to any credibility of the film at all . In fact , I only watched it to the end to try to find some redeeming grace . But alas ... it was not to be found.I would have to recommend ... . if you want to see it , be prepared . This movie is nothing like it was billed -LRB- as is common these days -RRB- . And you may find yourself wishing you had spent your time doing something more useful ... like sleeping.The only reason I gave it two stars is for Juliannes ' acting ... she was good ... and they should have followed THAT particular story line to be successful .
 A puerile , manipulative plot in the manner of Spike Lee on a bad day , a director with a sub-median IQ who does n't have a clue regarding how real people behave , scenery-chewing actors who rival the worst of William Shatner , not a single role to inspire sympathy or empathy . What does it all mean ? A couple hours of my life down the drain . But add a tank of nitrous oxide , and you just might have a great time . This one tops my previous pick for worst movie on cable , which was `` Cellular . ''
 Julianne Moore , as the desperate mother whose car was carjacked with her son in the back seat , was totally , completely unbelievable in the role . Not a scene or inch of dialogue rang true , and her acting was incredibly sub-par and annoying to the point of ruining the movie . Jackson does his usual great work , but her performance , the unrealistic scenarios of police ` procedure , ' and the choppy direction did the movie in . Pretty darn bad ...
 This movie was n't as grand or as groundbreaking as I thought it would be or supposedly heard . Yes , the characters are believable and all of that , but Juliane 's character has a flaw . Yes , we are interested to know what happened when she had gotten carjacked but her performance pretty much takes a downward spiral from there , making us wonder why we 're even watching at that point . There are topics of social tension of predjudice and racism , and it just makes the movie that much more uncomfortable . Not to mention the fact that the movie drags , drags , drags it 's point 's across that are n't even that shocking to begin with.I think that this movie was a lot of hype and just too long . Plus , the ending killed the entire movie . Once we realize the truth , we do n't even want to acknowledge it by then.Plus , it 's still a question as to whether this is a drama , thriller , or suspense movie.Pass this movie up .
 This movie was simply aggravating to watch.There was never any sympathy for the characters and in fact Moores character was simply irritating.As for the supposed surprise ending ... . WHAT SURPRISE ? The whole storyline is clearly laid out in the first 10 minutes ... . after that we sit thru an exaggerated backdrop of a ghetto racial tension and endless rambling from Moore 's character jsut waiting for the end to some that we know is coming anyway .
 This movie was absolutely torturous to watch . I struggled to watch it in its entirety . I was so disappointed . It made no sense at all . The plots and scenes were not connected . The acting was n't all that great either . It really suprised me at how bad a movie this is , becuse I 've rarely seen a film with Samuel L Jackson in it that I did n't like . Bottom line ... I do n't recommmend viewing this film .
 Yeah this is one if I had seen it in the movies I would have been very upset . But thank god for the free weekly rental coupons from my blockbuster online account . Man this movie was slow , it had a very poor plot , and it had sub par acting performances . Did I forget to say it was also predictable ? Well it is . Before you are a fourth of the way through the movie you pretty much know what is going to happen . Do n't waste your time with this one like I did .
 I 've got a headache ... How ... when ... who is responsible for this ridiculous movie!The fact that this film actually got made should leave little doubt in the viewers ' minds that someone , somewhere in Hollywood has their head so far up their behind they would n't know a good script if it landed on their stool-smeared face.That respectable actors Julianne Moore -LRB- THE HOURS -RRB- and Samuel L. Jackson -LRB- THE INCREDIBLES -RRB- signed up for this trite contraption should also leave viewers scratching their heads -LRB- although Jackson recently did SNAKES ON A PLANE , which further puts his stardom in question -RRB- ! The movie 's premise
 A big long bore of a moive . This movie falls in many ways . FIrst is it 's over acting and horriable acting from the brillent Moore and the so so Jackson . i really like Moore in mostly everythign she dose but he acting is so bad it 's funny so tries so ahrd to be good but fails , then theres Jackson who tries to but tough but falls flat on his face . Then theres the predictable story which is so boring and has pointless events in it . Overall dont waste your time with this wast eof time trash .
 Julianne Moore -LRB- The Forgotten , Magnolia -RRB- stars as Brenda Martin who tells Det. Lorenzo Council played by Samuel L. Jackson -LRB- Pulp Fiction , Coach Carter -RRB- that she was carjacked and that her son was in the backseat . This sets in motion a big series of events as Jackson tries to find out who took the boy and where he is . There is also an uproar when the cops start dragging in people who are responsible for the kidnapping and also the people are outraged at Moore for what she has done . Julianne Moore is miscast big time in her role . I know people will disagree with me but thats how I feel and Jackson is left holding up the film . He 'll go from this to doing Snakes on a Plane ... wow , great jump there Samuel . Love ya but come on man . Ron Eldard -LRB- Mystery Alaska , The Runner -RRB- is good in here too but nothing special . Also starring Edie Falco -LRB- The Sopranos , OZ -RRB- , William Forsythe -LRB- The Devil 's Rejects , The Waterdance -RRB- , Aunjanue Ellis -LRB- Ray , Undercover Brother -RRB- , Anthony Mackie -LRB- The Manchurian Candidate , She Hate Me -RRB- , Clarke Peters -LRB- The Wire , Head of State -RRB- , Peter Friedman -LRB- Paycheck , Single White Female -RRB- and Samuel Jackson 's wife LaTanya Richardson Jackson -LRB- Lone Star -RRB- . I recommend it for Jackson fans .
 ... More like FreeDUMBland ! WOOOOO ! Take that movie !! Aw ye-ahhh ! What 's more , lotsa the ads made it look like there was gon na be ghosts or something , but this is n't true . How weak is that ? Very , that 's how .
 FREEDOMLAND seems to want to be like the Oscar winning CRASH but it 's not . Despite some stellar performances , the movie is one-sided , manipulative and sloppily directed . Samuel L. Jackson gives a fine performance as Lorenzo Counsel , a veteran cop investigating the alleged carjacking of a terrified woman , Brenda Martin . Martin is played by Julianne Moore and she acts like she wanted another Oscar nomination as she goes from frightened mother to neurotic mother . She 's quite good in several scenes . William Forsythe and Ron Eldard are very good in supporting roles as Jackson 's partner and Moore 's brother , but the performances do n't salvage the movie from being another ethnic mess .
 WHAT IS IT ABOUT JULIANNE MOORE?Just when she wins me with her portrayal of someone she comes back andstomps my ideal image of her as a person into the ground.I started thinking I should respect her for her portrayal in Hannibal -LRB- q.v. -RRB- . Then I see her in Assassins and she engages in something totally non-germane and gratuitous . -LRB- I refer to the spray-painting of the obnoxious crone in the elevator . -RRB- Listen up , you American Indians , you Canuks , you Eskimos . The message is clear . Julianne Moore thinks you are sub-human offal for wearing animal skin . If you do , the message is clear . You are scum.Then I see her in Forgotten and I think WOW . She 's an ANGEL -LRB- figuratively speaking -RRB- sent here to enlighten us on how to be good mothers -LRB- also btw fathers -RRB- . -LRB- Review as well . -RRB- Now comes Freedomland . Did she do this unfit-mother thing because she was pressured into it ? Did all the horrible mothers in the world gang up on her for making them look bad ? Is that why she reversed herself as a mother to be admired -LRB- Forgotten -RRB- and became a self-absorbed psychopath who buried her own neglected son in a woods somewhere ? -LRB- Neglected as in `` I wan na kiss the guy who is dumping me downstairs good bye '' . I 'll be there for you later . I promise . -RRB- Just to get along in Hollywood ???????? Or did she just need the work THAT bad?What is the matter with this woman I once considered to be so courageous ?
 This STORY had potential , but was ruined by bad writing and worse acting . It had one redeeming quality ... the movie begins with US Senator John McCain expressing his interest in UFOs . The time I wasted on the movie , was well worth that little tidbit of information about a potential Presidential candidate !! Thank you Director Roy Knyrim for that little heads-up !
 Jason Connery as a Texan ? His accent is so enhanced with his Scottish brogue that one never believes Sean 's son is anything but Scottish . This movie is supposedly based on a true incident which occurred in Arizona in 1997 . But it 's really a dull scifi wan na be , with minimal tension or suspense . A group of five friends encounter alien beings when they wreck their van , and one of their members is seriously injured by falling on a knife . Connery plays a man whose truck broke down and he lends a hand . It 's all foolishly contrived and the performances -LRB- AJ Cook , George Stults , Ashley Peldon , Geraldine Yeo -RRB- pretty ineffectual . Not really worth a view , unless you 're really into alien encounters .
 it told you in the year of 199x , some weird phenomenons happened in the night skies of north america , the movie itself even put senator john mccain in some kinda hearing , then the lousy movie started with a scare s. . tless young woman running in the dark ... then a r.v. full of young men and women , joking , laughing and ... then the lousy screenplay began and just turned out to be another stupid rerun or replay of a ridiculous horror movie added some horrible aliens landing on earth , kidnapped and used these captured youngsters as experiments . the cliched ugly aliens used their long fingers scratched the front and back of the human beings to check out their internal physical structures , screamings their heads off when they were used as lab mice ... what a lousy story , not even worths a penny to watch albeit really made it into a brain-dead movie . stay away from it , folks , even you could rent it for free .
 Within the first ten minutes , I hated everyone in this movie . I do n't understand why recent movies have mean spirited people in it . Maybe I 'm just getting old . These Hollywood jackasses ' should realize that not everyone acts like THEM or their bratty KIDS . Cursing every five seconds , putting each other down every chance they get , Going for the POT as soon a the situation presents itself , drinking while driving . Give me a break.This is all within the first ten minutes . I would care less if they drove off a mountain by that point.I know it 's only a movie , but movies reflect society and movies influence it as well .
 I grabbed this cause it took my interest of Alien/Sci-Fi/Horror movies . I knew right away that when I read on the cover it is based on a true story that that was not true , I refuse to believe that , but I hoped for an interesting story and a decent movie tho.However I soon discovered that a group of friends driving there R.V who spot a bunch of light 's in the sky and end up crashing because the driver did not notice a man and his broken down car on the side road end 's up making them skid into a power pole and crash.One of them end 's up with a knife in his back and the driver of the broken down car end 's up trying to help them as a couple of them venture into the woods and get picked off by `` aliens '' like a Jason Voorhee 's could have done it.Then they come back , yelling away , blah blah blah , let 's get out of here , oh no she 's dead , the aliens have abducted us , the dingo stole my baby and then end credits.Overall , this movie as I expected was claimed to be based on a true story , which is a lie , it 's just to get your attention , and then the plot is not at all well thought out , and then goes into a lot of a waste of time to watch and thing 's that could have been done better.About the only decent idea they had was that when aliens perform surgery , they can use a goo of some kind to make human skin transparent , yet does not allow blood to poor out.I suppose if you love B-movies where the cast do n't act like anything but actors trying to be cool , swearing in useless and unbelievable dialog , and 3 woman with firm chesticles that they half expose most of the time making sure you can see right down there top 's for an excuse of , `` at least if you ca n't stand our acting you can stare at these puppies '' then this is the perfect movie for you ... . If not , avoid it.They should have just cut out the Alien stuff , replaced them with a maniac in a hockey mask , called the cabin Camp Crystal Lake , re written the ending , and wallah , Friday The 13th part 1000 . Tho , as a F13th fan , I still do n't like this movie .
 Some kids are driving in an RV on some back roads . They notice some lights in the sky , then they crash into a pickup truck that 's parked next to the road . One guy falls on a knife that was lying on the floor . Luckily the guy who was driving the pickup knows some first aid , and fixes him up using super glue . Yeah , he probably has n't got long to live , LOL . Everybody else is pretty unconcerned with their mortally wounded `` friend '' , and spend most of the movie discussing their relationship problems . Then some aliens start ... appearing . They might as well be Bigfoot or maybe even mind-controlling evil trolls , it does n't really matter . It 's not like they do anything `` alien '' to these people other than terrorize them a bit . Kind of funny actually , they can travel all the way here from another planet yet they ca n't break through the door on an RV.After a somewhat exciting scene with the RV being attacked by something from outside , we move on to the next part of the movie - I wo n't spoil it - but suffice it to say I was expecting another ten or fifteen minutes before the movie eventually built to its climax . Instead , it just ended . Yup , roll credits , we 're done here . What happened to half the characters ? Do n't know , we 're through , wrap it up already.The characters were mildly interesting , the plot was fairly disappointing because it relied on people getting confused -LRB- or maybe their minds were being controlled ? -RRB- . Eh , does n't really matter I guess . Overall , I 've seen much worse , but that does n't mean this thing is especially good either . Good for a boring Tuesday night when you 're not really expecting anything too exciting anyway .
 A guy , who looks like a young version of Brad Pitt is driving across Arizona at night and is not on I-40 . He was 3 great looking babes with him as well as another dude . They see lights in the sky , crash into another guy 's truck . People get killed and abducted . Once abducted we go through the classic womb images normally associated with regression memory plus tall grays -LRB- one of 5 alien types for you UFOs people . -RRB- Mild violence , cleavage , and language . Not at all believable . Based on actual events ? Oh Please !
 I really tried to like this movie . I gave it time , waiting for all the sexual drivel and bad acting to be replaced by some alien abduction action . At 45 minutes in , I threw in the towel.Night Skies is pretty much a bland alien/horror film with little to offer . bad acting . Slow moving plot . Little to no suspense . If you 're looking for something to wet your alien/sci-fi whistle , tryAlteredinstead .
 Story summary : Alex Scott -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- is a secret agent for an American investigative service . He has a tendency to screw up investigations but somehow still get the job done . Kelly Robinson -LRB- Eddie Murphy -RRB- is a world champion boxer that has never lost a professional fight . Of course this has left him with an ego larger than Asia and lots of money . Because he is unbeatable in America he agrees to an international bout in Hungary.It just so happens that the U.S. has recently developed a new spy plane called Switchblade that has the ability to become invisible to the naked eye . International arms dealer Arnold Gundars -LRB- Malcolm McDowell -RRB- has stolen the plane and is using the boxing fight as a cover to bring international buyers to Hungary to sell the plane.For some reason the president decides that Kelly Robinson should help Alex Scott get the plane back . So , Kelly and Alex are teamed up against Arnold as they go through a series of adventures trying to get the plane back.My comments : Despite having two very funny , comedic actors , both which I like very much , this movie just is n't that funny . The problem is n't with the actors but with the story . There are virtually no original ideas in this story . The team up of this action/comedy duo , a boxer with an agent , is virtually identical to the team up of Jackie Chan , a martial arts expert , with Chris Rock , a detective that can never get things right . There is also nothing particularly new about a secret weapon that has been stolen -LRB- Cradle 2 the Grave , Mission Impossible 2 , Triple XXX etc. -RRB- that if placed in the wrong hands will result in mass destruction . So , the story is pathetically unoriginal.The movie is also kind of slow . The 20 minutes on top of the bridge where the plane has been stored for the last week involve so many reversals and twists that by the end you find yourself wishing they 'd all just jump off and end your misery.Despite the rampant problems , there are a couple of good things about the movie . Murphy and Wilson are kind of funny , but their humor is spread out far too much . There are a couple of scenes that are actually particularly funny , like the two of them being trapped in the sewer . But comedic scenes like this are followed up by non-sensical scenes like Alex 's blow up at Robinson while walking back to their base which results in Robinson 's arrest - it had no relevance to the rest of the story and did n't really seem to impact the story other than to get Alex alone.Overall , the movie is good for some cheap laughs but does n't deliver on a unique story or concept . If you like Owen Wilson and/or Eddie Murphy this is worth seeing , but it does n't really stand out as a comedic achievement .
 This movie seems to suffer from an identity crisis . Is it a comedy ? The spoof of the James Bond genre is a genre in and of itself . The Austin Powers movies set the bar pretty high for a spy comedy and this movie does n't seem to even make an effort to compete in that league . The laughs are few and far between and never rise above the level of a grin or chuckle . Both these stars have proven they can be much funnier in recent movies.So maybe it 's just a spy movie . If that 's what this movie is trying to be , XXX and James Bond blow it out of the water . The opening scene in a snow covered forest is so obviously inside a studio that it is laughable . It 's not much better than the winter wonderlands of RUDOLPH THE REDNOSED REINDEER and SANTA CLAUS IS COMING TO TOWN . The super secret spy thing they have to fight to stop the enemy from getting its hands on is an invisible airplane . Straight out of Wonder Woman.This movie ends with a confusing who is the double agent scene that seems to confuse not just the viewer , but also the actors and probably the writer as well . Whether this was a comedy or a spy flick , by the time it ends , it is hard to care .
 This has less than nothing to do with I Spy which was cool and clever . Even Roger Ebert will have a tough time giving this a thumbs up.Two stars because Eddie manages to get off some funny lines while Owen Wilson sleepwalks -- and who can blame him.What next , Hollywood ? The Man From U.N.C.L.E. starring Adam Sandler ?
 Eddie Murphy has reached his prime and this movie just lets you know that it is time for him to hang up his comedy torch and enjoy the rich life minus movie making . The comedy is weak and the plot is weaker . I am just glad that I did n't pay to see this in the movies . Do n't waste your money or time buying this because it is n't worth it .
 There were about fifteen minutes of good material in this movie , well almost . Those were the chase scenes . But you have to take into account that the chase scenes made no sense and totally suspend any logic circuits in your brain . The plot , I think there was a vague outline of one , was unclear and just plain stupid . I like Owen Wilson . He is an attractive actor without being macho or too `` in your face '' and he did have some chemistry with Murphy but whoever was the brain child of this creation substituted violent acts for dialogue and muffed the chemistry too much . Granted , the TV show `` I SPY '' was always a bit thin on plot too but this over the top movie spent too much on too little . Wait until it 's on TV to see the movie . Do n't waste your money buying or renting it .
 Not even a rental . I wasted my time and money on this , but you do n't have to.The script is read like some sort of weird awkward dress rehearsal . There is a really odd and painful sort of Cyrano de Bergerac-like scene between the three characters that is just strange given the way direction handled it . Anyway enough details . The movie never gets interesting or funny . One of those movies you keep watching in the hopes it 'll pick up , but never does .
 It 's not even really a re-vamp of the old TV series , which was intelligent , dramatic and high-minded , whereas this pile of beetle dung is insipid , silly beyond imagination for something with this budget and low-brow . Eddie phones in a wack performance that no one buys anyway , and Owen Wilson should have his nose broken straight for opting to appear in this tripe . Not funny , not necessary and not even rent-worthy . If `` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is actually worse than this , someone needs to tie Eddie Murphy to a chair and make him watch `` Raw '' over and over until his eyes bleed . It 's utterly anti-climactic and the `` riffing '' between Murphy and Wilson is not only over-rated , but tired .
 Quite possibly the most terrible movie ever made .
 I wish I could rate this movie 0 stars , because it was a total bomb . Eddie Murphy did n't even seem to be acting . Pluto Nash was 10x the movie that this was , and that was also a total waste of my time also . This movie would have best been left on the cutting room floor . Now do n't get me wrong , and think I do n't like Eddie Murphy . I have enjoyed his comedy ever since I saw `` Beverly Hills Cop '' . It 's just that this movie falls dead at the starting line . I never like what critics say about most movies , but the were right on with this one . I beg and plead with you one and all , just say `` NO '' to this movie .
 For those who come to the recent film version of the hit 1960s I SPY , there is the inevitable tendency to compare them , with the film coming off as a pale imitation . In the television series , the focus was on the delicate and artful blending of comedy and action with the magic chemistry of the actors . Viewers simply accepted the reality of a pair of government spies , only one of whom was an athlete . The viewer of the movie has a much harder job since the blending of comedy and action here is badly off center with jokes and ad libs serving as distractors rather than as advancers of the plot . There is also the tendency to see Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson in the same light as Chris Rock and Jackie Chan who played much the same pair but with far more success . In I SPY , Eddie Murphy is the too cool inner city athlete who is co-opted to be a spy by Owen Wilson . In Murphy 's case , his interpretation of Kelly Robinson marks him as an overage rapper wannabe whose only focus is on impressing the ladies . In Wilson 's case , he comes off as way too young and geeky to be taken seriously as a head spook . Their overly frequent head butting is supposed to entertain but too often annoys . Malcom McDowell also disappoints as the bad guy plane dealer . He seems to have forgotten how good he was in A CLOCKWORK ORANGE or in TIME AFTER TIME . Famke Janssen generates most of the tension and interest as the leggy spy whose motives are suspect . What emerges from I SPY is the dulling realization that a great deal of misplaced talent was wasted in a film that could not decide where to draw that fine line between action , humor , and brainlessness .
 Once again , a classic TV series receives shoddy Hollywood treatment . `` I Spy '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- takes the show 's name and trashes everything that made it memorable . Failing to click as a team , Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson never display the smooth rapport associated with Bill Cosby and Robert Culp . Meanwhile , director Betty Thomas struggles through depressingly routine material . Avoid this fiasco and track down the 1965-68 episodes -LRB- which the screenwriters never bothered to see -RRB- .
 Kelly Robinson -LRB- Murphy -RRB- is the super middle weight champion who is enlisted by a phone call from George Dubya to help Alexander Scott -LRB- Wilson -RRB- recover the a stealth fighter stolen by Gundars -LRB- Malcolm McDowell -RRB- . The movie itself had a few funny moments but that 's about it . Eddie Murphy was so annoying in this movie that I was tempted to turn it off . To his credit , the `` Sexual Healing '' bit was pretty funny but that was about it . The story line was long and drawn out and there was absolutely no originality in this remake .
 this film was not as good as i had expected . there are some funny scenes but the film seems to lack something
 I was really disappointed in this film . I know the `` spy theme '' has been done a hundred times , but this film did n't have one new sequence or gadget or anything . The plot is so cliche ' it was offensive . The action sequences were substandard and the acting , sorry to say , was amateur.My advice - rent this only if every other store in the movie is gone or if you have a free rental coupon that expires tomorrow .
 In the land of television shows which have jumped to the big screen , `` I Spy '' joins the ranks of `` The Saint '' , `` Wild Wild West '' , and `` The Avengers '' as a dismal failure . Of the other three , this is arguably the worst . If you 're a fan of the show , just do n't even try to watch this . We did n't even watch the movie through . When we reached our tolerance limit , we fast-forwarded through the rest of the movie
 This movie is about a nerdy but smart spy -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- who teams up with a champion boxer -LRB- Eddie Murphy -RRB- on a mission to recover a stealth fighter which was stolen by a rich businessman -LRB- Malcolm MacDowell -RRB- . In the meantime they team up with a sexy operative -LRB- Famke Janssen -RRB- . This is a film version of the 60 's TV show by the same name.I had high hopes for this movie when I started watching it . The trailer looked really good but boy was I disappointed !! It was not funny at all , the action sequences were boring , the dialogue was stupid and I kept looking at my watch wondering when this movie would end . Never before has an action-comedy movie been so insipid , unfunny , unsuspenseful and just plain awful !!! The friends who watched it with me had one comment to describe this movie
 *** Public Service Announcement
 This movie is barely a comedy , it is really two people playing roles , and only marginal at best . On one hand you have the brash , egocentric boxer , and on the other hand you have the bumbling , inept James Bond wannabe . Both characters are so steretypical there is absolutely no humor to be found . The story is boring and trite , and the only thing I found myself watching was the DVD counter to see how it would be before I was put out of my misery . There is NO chemistry between Wilson and Murphy , and I feel they are both great comic actors in other movies.Don ' t do it to yourself ! Watch the TV series !!
 * 1/2 Eddie Murphy fails to revive his sagging career fortunes with `` I-Spy , '' a dreary , inept and uninspired attempt to bring the popular 1960 's TV series to the big screen . Murphy and Owen Wilson take on the roles initially filled by Bill Cosby and Robert Culp , and , while both actors are game players , they have been ill-served by a script - concocted by no fewer than four writers , if you can believe it - that is tired , unimaginative and just plain lousy -LRB- to put it mildly -RRB- . Watching this film is quite a depressing experience , actually.Not doing much to test his limits here , Murphy plays his typically sassy , wiseass persona , this time as a less-than-convincing world famous boxer who , for some utterly inexplicable reason , is recruited by the U.S. government to partner up with Owens , a second rate secret agent who , like Rodney Dangerfield , feels that he do n't get no respect from his fellow spies . The two unlikely partners are sent on a mission to Budapest to track down a bad guy who has commandeered some kind of stealth fighter jet for his own nefarious purposes -LRB- at least I think that was what the plot was about , though , frankly , I do n't think I was paying enough attention to really tell -RRB- . We 're supposed to find the banter between these two mismatched , bickering secret agents to be witty and entertaining , but most of their lines end up falling flat . The stunts - which basically involve the use of all sorts of high-tech gadgetry and the endless dangling of our intrepid heroes from precarious heights - feel like leftovers from every unsuccessful spy spoof ever made.The unutterable failure of `` I-Spy '' is a surprise in a way , since director Betty Thomas has had some previous success at converting old TV series into clever , memorable movies , the prime example being , of course , `` The Brady Bunch Movie . '' But for that film , Thomas really thought about the potential of the material and designed a vehicle that turned a completely `` unhip '' enterprise into something far more endearing , contemporary and relevant than any halfway sensible person could have had any reasonable right to expect . With `` I-Spy , '' on the other hand , she has simply gone through the motions of making a cookie-cutter spy parody that is utterly devoid of wit , imagination and fun . Crass commercial moviemaking does n't get much more dispiriting than this .
 What promised to be a great team-up of Murphy & Wilson turned out to be one of the biggest flops I 've seen for some time . Wilson , though blessed with a charming charisma , has fallen into the age-old trap of using the same charecter mannerisms in all his movies . His `` hey , doncha think this is kind of amazing ... '' verbal style of moving through scenes , though watchable -LRB- and at times funny -RRB- gets a little tired after seeing it in Armageddon , Behind Enemy Lines etc. . But then the REAL stereotype of this movie is Axel Foley ... Oops , I mean Eddie Murphy . Stuck in the 80s , Murphy is well and truly past his use-by date . His only real excursions into new humour were the Nutty Professor movies . In fact , his irritating prattle got in the way of many scenes in this movie , turning what could have been marginally amusing into downright annoying . Too many times I had to rewind to work out what the heck he was saying . Murphy 's character 's ineptitude burst my bubble of belief suspension too many times for me to enjoy the rest of the movie - He just was n't funny enough to `` justify '' his otherwise stupid remarks , which joltingly interrupted the storyline . The absolute highlight - A scantily clad Famke , lying on a bed trying to take a nap , while being `` wooed '' by Wilson 's ultra-shy character . To give the movie some credit , the effects were quite good & the supporting cast performed admirably . It still makes me cringe to watch performance cars getting smashed and blown up , but with a bit of luck , they do THIS using special FX these days ... In short , the film 's rating - PG-13 - should mean the MAXIMUM age for the audience of this movie .
 Oh , boy . Just what I have been waiting for . ANOTHER buddy comedy with an interracial crime-fighting team.Yawn.I got back from I Spy about ten minutes ago , and I realized that I must right my review now before the -LRB- few -RRB- significant aspects slip through my memory and into the pit where movies like RUSH HOUR and BAD COMPANY go.Owen Wilson and Eddie Murphy star as the klutzy boyish spy Alex Scott -LRB- could you come up with a more contrived Boy Scout name ? -RRB- and black loudmouth boxer ... uh ... I forget his name . Kelly Robinson . It 's sad that I forget , since the screenplay has Robinson repeat his own name over and over and over again . How is it , then , that I managed to forget it ? Trust me , it is n't a memory problem.Anyway , Scott is the pushover of the spy world , always screwing up , both with spy stuff and in his social life . He is teamed up with obnoxious boxing champion to , you know , save the world . This time their mission is to uncover the location of a top secret stealth plane that can become invisible both to radar and to the naked eye . It has fallen into the hands of an evil Hungarian terrorist who is about to sell it to an evil Japanese terrorist , who will commit evil terrorists act with it.Scott and Robinson travel to Budapest to track the terrorists and take sdjjjjjjjjjjjjsd ... * snort * Huh ? Oh sorry . I fell asleep trying to describe the plot of I SPYThere are plenty of action scenes . And there are plenty of jokes . The problem is that the action scenes are routine and uninspired and the jokes are n't funny . No . Eddy Murphy is n't funny here , and neither is Owen Wilson . Oh wait . There is one genuinely funny scene where Scott uses Robinson 's street-talk to pick up a sexy collegue -LRB- Famke Janssen , who was better in DEEP RISING -RRB- . I could definitely forgive the film 's tired , unimpressive action sequences if only the jokes were good , and vice versa . It simply does n't happen . Owen Wilson has come a long way since he was swallowed by a giant snake in ANACONDA -LRB- yielding a post mortem appearance rivalled only by Jon Voight 's -RRB- and has since almost become a Hollywood star . I do n't blame either Wilson or Murphy for doing this project , because it certainly had potential . But their talents are wasted by the screenplay and ACTION-FLICK-101 direction . Wilson 's normally-loveable bumbling charm is exploited to the point of irritation . Murphy is just plain obnoxious . The scenes in which they bicker incessantly are supposed to be funny , but they are so overblown that you ca n't even hear what either is saying . Which is just as well
 This movie is so terrible that it 's not even funny ! I could n't even watch more than a half hour of this garbage before falling asleep even when loaded with caffeine . That 's just an example of how bad `` I Spy '' is . Spend your time on something else . This is just a waste of time and resources .
 This movie is absolutely dreadful by a longshot.Basically , it 's about a special jet that uses state of the art technology to become invisible and is stolen by foreign renegade terrorists and two spies are sent to recover the jet.The script of this movie is absolutely weak and atrocious to the extent that nothing can save an already unworthy film . Eddie Murphy 's character in this movie comes off as being rude , and extremely annoying . Famke Janssen really blew it with a very weak performance . Malcolm McDowell also falls flat on this one and Owen Wilson fares little better . I love all of these actors but the lousy script inhibits any chance of them really beinging forth anything worth watching on this movie.This movie could really have been great but is totally wasted on weak dialogue and unfunny jokes . They had a chance to really make a good remake but they really blew it with `` I Spy '' . Avoid this movie . All of the cast have done much better on other movies .
 The trailers for I Spy were pretty damn funny , and the movie starred Owen Wilson , a fine comic actor who continues to grow on me with each successive performance . So it 's unfortunate I Spy ends up as nothing more than a second-rate action/comedy , severely lacking in thrills , spills , and belly laughs . Undiscriminating twelve-year olds will probably enjoy it , but for most everyone else , this is as routine as spy comedies get.Alex Scott -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- is a spy who 's just been handed a new partner , Kelly Robinson -LRB- Eddy Murphy -RRB- , a selfish , hot-headed , motor-mouthed boxer with a quick temper . Their assignment
 The acting was ok , though Owen Wilson i thought was a very boring actor , but i have to say Eddie Murphy acted well , like you could easily tell how he felt in situations unlike Owen . The humor was ok , like i 've seen much better , though sadly most of the movies jokes where old ones from other movies like how Eddie says `` im 009 and a half '' -LRB- rush hour 2 -RRB- . The funniest bit in the movie was probably the bedroom scene were Eddie told Owen what to say to get the chick but other than that it was n't very funny.The story was also very average , like its the type of movie everyone 's already seen and i thought the movie used too many special effects for unecessary reasons . For an action movie i thought this was very weak movie like there were no thrills.What bothered me about the movie was the fact that the girl kept kicking owens nasty spot and trying to slice his -LRB- edit -RRB- with a knife , like i thought it was pointless and unecessary . Not that i hate violent movies but as a guy watching those bits just put me off which im sure is the way other guys must have felt while watching those bits.If you are looking for a humorous action movie i suggest you look away from this .
 Frankly I was hugely disappointed with this one . Yes , Owen Wilson & Eddie Murphey would have looked a nice pair for a spy film with lots of comedy , and I expected to see some thrills and much laugh from them . What I saw is , however , just tedious , recycled materials from the genre , and those stars , usually reliable , look very tired.The worst part is the story , which is too far-fetched . Wilson is a spy Alex -LRB- with a cellphone -RRB- whose career as secret agent is not clearly auspicious , after an unsuccessful mission . So , when he is given a task to get back an invisible airplane `` Switchblade '' stolen from the US government , he is eager to do that job until he finds that he has to accompany an invincible boxing champ Kelly -LRB- Eddie Murphey -RRB- , to go undercover to Budapest , Hungary . There , he sneaks into a part given by a certain man named Gundars -LRB- McDowell , typecast -RRB- , who must know the whereabout of the airplane.The script , which went through the hands of four credited writers , does n't show enough comedy nor convincing setting for the two leads to join forces . The reason those guys should be together is not explained with a satisfactory background , and the best they can do is Kelly 's instruction for Alex to woo a female spy Famke Janssen . Actually , those guys do NOT share the screen long enough , or if they do , they do it in a very forced situation -LRB- like hiding in the sewer of Budapest -RRB- and the climax of the film is just as confusing as you imagine because of the badly edited action sequences.More incredible thing is that Eddie Murphey 's character Kelly is just an annoying guy whose flair for fast and energetic talk is completely gone . This is the second time I found him so irritating -LRB- the first one being `` Showtime '' -RRB- and there is few gadgets or stunts that would make up for the loss of energy that should have been generated from the leads . The format of the whole film is simply a half-hearted spy parody of 007 , and no dynamic actions or tongue-in-cheek comedy can be found here . Just an automatic flight of 90 minutes , without ups and downs.The best prize , if you insist , should go to the location of the beautiful city of Budapest , and poorly used Famke Janssen , whose devilish `` Onatop '' character I sincerely miss .
 I could as well consider `` I Spy '' to be one of the dullest comedy/action flicks that I 've seen in quite a long time.The whole idea of a new technology to make a fighter jet invisible but falling to the hands of terrorist masterminds is quite interesting . In the case of `` I Spy '' though , the whole concept is completely ruined and pounded down to a bloody pulp by atrocious acting and lack of chemistry by all of the cast.The story of the movie is of a new technological breakthrough of where a special type of fighter jet is designed to turn invisible . The jet and possibly the technology is stolen by a terrorist mastermind and two bumbling FBI agents named Alex Scott -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- and Kelly Robinson -LRB- Eddie Murphy -RRB- are assigned on a mission to recover the jet and hunt down the terrorists before they use the jet to deliver a weapon of mass destruction on a major city.The fact that they try to make the film into a comedy though throws a lot of the potential right out the window and in the case of terrorist movies , making them into comedies ruins their quality and `` I Spy '' falls into this category . Everyone in the cast fares poorly . Owen Wilson 's role as Alex Scott in unconvincing and almost annoying . Wilson has done much better than this ! Eddie Murphy 's role in this mocie is much more despicable because apart from Dr Doolittles I & II , his movies have gone downhill in quality over the past five years and he reached his all-time low with the abysmal `` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' but he improved somewhat with `` I Spy '' but still misfires anyway . Famke Janssen as Rachel Wright was completely unsexy and the character was almost repulsive in my opinion , looking more like a drugged out hooker on the streets than a special agent gone bad . It is n't so much that the actors and actresses are talentless , quite the contrary , but they all look uncomfortable and bored in their performances.Overall , this movie could 've been so much better and much more engaging but their attempts at trying to make it into a more comedy-oriented movie just reduced it to useless pap headed for the recycling bin . This movie tries to be funny and induce laughs but I found myself slumping in my chair from boredom and humorless reaction to the action scenes and jokes and by the time it was over , `` I Spy '' left nothing behind in me . Even if I scraped up all of the funny moments , they only amount to maybe 10 minutes in my opinion with 80 + minutes of boredom.When it comes to spy action movies , I 'd suggest Vin Diesel 's `` xXx '' instead . In terms of more comedy-oriented movies , I suggest the `` Rush Hour '' movies instead . These three movies make great counterpoints to each other . `` I Spy '' tries to combine the theme of these movies but strips away the laughter of `` Rush Hour '' and the attention grabbing action sequences of `` xXx '' . I 'm not saying that this movie was terrible but I found `` I Spy '' to be one of the most disappointing movies I 've seen in quite a long time and was glad to finally pop in `` Rush Hour '' and hopefully have two hours of extended longevity to make up for the wasted time `` I Spy '' caused me .
 From its ' role reversal to its ' satirical attempt at following the classic lines of the original T.V. show , `` I Spy '' misses the mark worse than a novice trainee on the firing line on range at Quantico . As Robin Williams once said of `` Popeye '' , `` This one did n't do ANYONE any good ! `` As a comeback try for Murphy , or a career boost for the rest of the crew , time , money , and effort would have been best spent elsewhere . This one was almost as big a flop as `` Pluto Nash '' ; as a Died-In-The-Wool `` I Spy '' Fan , I was so insulted , I almost walked out , even though I 'd only paid for the matinee . About the only thing that saved this one is the CGI work .
 A little-seen film starring Vincent Gallo and Courteney Cox , directed by Justin McCarthy -LRB- brother of actor Andrew of ` Less Than Zero ' -RRB- , released from marverick indie company Lions Gate , which also released quite impressive ` Bufallo 66 ' directed Gallo.But this film is a disappointment . I like Gallo , and watched almost all of his films -LRB- including notorious ` Brown Bunny ' -RRB- , but ` Get Well Soon ' suffers from too many things.First , this is about the popular midnight TV personality Bobby , played by Vincent Gallo . Sorry , but I do n't believe it . Gallo looks never the kind of the character he plays here , because Gallo 's talent -LRB- as musician , film director , whatever you pick -RRB- is not to be found in mainstream media like TV . He is not Letterman or Leno , and that 's his strength , is n't it?And Bobby comes back to his town , where his ex-girlfriend Lilly lives , and Bobby tried to make up for the past wrongs done to her , with a help from her brother who is now in a mental institute . This quirky romantic comedy follows the process of love between them , with some episodes about the immates of the instutite , who tries to steal a dog of Matthew Broderick -LRB- who does NOT appear -RRB- . Lilly is played by Courteney Cox , whom I love to see in any films , but somehow she lacks the charms she showed in other films of his . The biggest problem is still Gallo , whose dangerous charisma was sensational in ' 66 ' or ` Palookaville , ' but not here , only looking like sleepwalking . Sorry his fans , but he is totally miscast.Perhaps more damaging is the director 's poor direction . The characters are annoyingly unfunny , trying to be funny , and the jokes are as fresh as last years 's news , recycling those jokes about gays or mental institute . For die-hard Gallo fans only ; others , skip it .
 you have watched this film or will be watching it because either you 're a Vincent Gallo fan or a Courtney Cox fan . it 's very unlikely that you like them both . whoever cast them must 've been on some very strong -LSB- STUFF -RSB- to not have noticed that there is n't any sort of chemistry between them . and considering that in this dull story they are supossed to be in love , chemistry is an important fact . Vincent Gallo is one artist that I 've always respected . he 's an all around great artist . his directorial debut and one of his best performances , Buffalo ' 66 , has become a favorite of mine since the first time I watched it . his talent does not fall short in this film either . no one can portray depression like he can i guess . but the film itself just does n't go anywhere . the repeated theme that money and success does n't give you happiness and that love is the answer is such an abused theme that it should be placed on the discontinued shelf somewhere . i do n't understand why Vincent Gallo took the offer to act in this film . he 's known for being very picky in choosing his films . this does not seem like a choice he would make . as far as Courteney Cox goes , i 'm truly surprised that actors as talentless as her actually have a career when there are thousands of starving actors out there that could use roles like this . i tried watching this movie 3 times and on the 4th i finally finished it . it really could n't hold my attention . i would not recomend this film to anyone , unless you 're a Friends fan . it might appeal to your taste . but if you 're watching this because Mr. Gallo is in it I would skip it and rent Palookaville instead .
 I could n't tell you how this movie ends , we turned it off after the first half-hour . Not appropriate for children , not entertaing for adults . Our dog even left the room . Do n't waste your money .
 Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 80 lousy minutes of my life ... wasted . I can only begin to think of the things I could have done isntead of sitting through this horrible , filthy tripe . Maybe I could have seen the South Park movie for the 100th time , or played catch with a friend , or had my teeth pulled out by a Nazi doctor ... anything but this.So , what is it that makes this film so horrid ? So absolutely terrible ? There are a number of things .1 . THE SICK , DISGUSTING FART HUMOR - Alright , so maybe one can tolerate a few fart jokes . Like I mentioned above , I enjoyed the South Park movie , which was loaded with crude humor . Why , then , did I not like 8 Crazy Nights ? Maybe , it was because the South Park film had a point . All of the sick humor led up to something . Here , it is just done to try and make those idiot 11 year olds out in the audience smile , but I do n't think anyone in our theater smiled and most of the people in the theater were ... about 11 years old ! It is done to gross out the viewer and then laugh in the viewes 's face , proclaiming , `` Ha ha ! We made you pay 9 bucks for this ! `` Does watching deer spewing excrement make you fall off of your chair ? What about watching an old guy stick his finger up his hairy rear-end , then proclaiming he put his finger in a `` kitty 's mouth , but the kitty has no teeth '' ? Well , if you 're one of the ... maybe 3 people in the world who does like this so-called `` humor '' , you 're in for a treat , because all of this is in there .2 . THE CHEESY AND SO-CALLED `` SENTIMENTALITY '' - Alright , so I 'll bet some are saying , `` This movie does have a point ! It 's a touching story '' . Maybe that 's because you are being tricked into the way that it shoves it 's `` sentimentality '' into your face until you sufficate and die . Yep , it 's got a ton of moments that forces the viewer to pluck its own heartstrings and then rip its own heart out and eat it . It 's got it all
 Someone I know bought this in a discount rack , thinking it was what it pretends to be -- a children 's holiday cartoon . Nothing could be further from the truth . I could not believe what a disgusting piece of filth it is , full of perverted sexual innuendo . Movies like this should not be marketed toward children , and no matter what the rating , that is who they were trying to target by making it look like a children 's holiday cartoon . It should be kept in the back room of video stores with the restriction that only adults could see it -LRB- and then only if they have absolutely no taste nor moral fortitude whatsoever -RRB- . I ca n't give this as strongly negative a review as it deserves ! I only gave it one star because they would n't let me give it none .
 Adam Sandler is a great comedian with a lot of talent , potential , and resources . He can do anything he wants and I 'm glad that he made an attempt at making an animated movie . Perhaps he should n't have even tried because EIGHT CRAZY NIGHTS is just plain terrible . Other than a couple of scenes and a soundtrack that 's better than the movie itself , this movie is horrible . I mean , the Farrelly Brothers would be hard pressed to come up with something as sick and warped as this film . There 's a guy who eats his jock strap , talking deer who eat feces , a woman with three breasts , and a poor old man whose one foot is smaller than the other and is covered in white hair . Each one of these creatures receive no sympathy -LRB- well the old guy does in the end -RRB- and instead are used totally as the butt of jokes . Davy Jones ' conversion at the end of the film is totally unrealistic and in some ways even inappropriate . This is a film only for die-hard Sandler fans and that 's about all , however I am giving this movie 2 stars instead of 1 because of the kicking soundtrack .
 by Dane YoussefOK , folks . Now here is a movie that will put you out of the Haunakah spirit as quickly as Ron Howard 's live-action remake of `` The Grinch '' put people out of the Christmas spirit.A nasty piece too goofy to even be animated , it 's Adam Sandler 's first full-fledged animated musical `` 8 Crazy Nights . `` Every year , just about every TV show grinds out a puke-worthy Christmas special where the formula is something like this
 Adam Sandler sucks now , too old , too fat , too rich .
 The packaging was coming off the back of the package and the box it was in was distorted . I wanted to give this as a christmas present but it does n't even look new !
 I 'm usually a supporter of Adam Sandler comedies , even if a lot of them are the same . His films have innocent , escapist humor that just allows you to forget about your troubles and laugh at pratfalls . This time , Sandler dabbles in animation , and it unfortunately does not achieve the same effect as his live-action comedies.Sandler voices the three main characters in this cartoon
 Its sad that a animation that is clearly made to attract children was made with such rude humor and disrespect towards others . How this animation could be recomended for anyone is beyond me . Shame on you Adam Sandler that your ability is not used for more postive purposes .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!! One reviewer states , `` the funniest Christmas movie ever '' . This could not be farther from the truth . I like many of A. Sandler 's movies . However , this movie sucked really bad . It was crude and not funny -LRB- reindeer pooping and eating poop ? ... come on ! -RRB- . It was irritating and not funny -LRB- the old man 's voice was so grating , it made you want to scream five minutes into the movie -RRB- . Most of all , the movie was boring and embarrassing to watch in mixed company . I still ca n't believe I wasted $ 4.00 to rent it .
 The Story is appropriate and some parts are really funny but some of it is horrible -LRB- sickest humor he 's done in any of his movies that I 've seen -RRB- . Definately not for kids . I expected better after Mr. Deeds . Adam Sandler is really talented and there is no reason he has to produce such trash . I love the Chanukah Song ! I 'm not a Jew but it makes me want to celebrate Chanukah.There are only two real redeeming features of the movie . These are the little old man Whitey , because he loves everyone in his actions even though they treat him like ... , and Stone 's repentence -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- at the end .
 I ca n't believe the reviewer who turned this off after the first 30 minutes . How in the world did anyone watch this for 30 minutes ? So I only watched 10 minutes , but a movie that starts the way this one does is not getting any more of my time . My hairdresser highly recommended this , and all I have to say to her is , do n't give up your day job to become a movie critic ! Total garbage .
 This is the first movie I 've ever even thought about writing a review for in here . My hope is that people do n't waste their money , or reward Sandler and the studio for this garbage . This movie has replaced `` Caddyshack 2 '' and `` Weekend at Bernie 's 2 '' at the bottom of my worst-movie scrap heap . It was pure torture . I watched all the way to the end just to see if there was some redeeming joke or scene that would at least salvage an intelligent laugh . No luck . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a big Adam Sandler fan . I even found Little Nicky somewhat humerous . My favorite Sandler movie was Happy Gilmore , and I loved his career on Saturday Night Live . But where this abomination came from , I have no idea . Just the annoying voice of `` Whitey '' , one of the main characters , is enough to give you a headache . I think this movie is the result of a bet with his buddies that he could make X amount of dollars off of it just because of his name being affiliated with it . I can almost guarantee you will be very sorry if you actually purchase it . If you do n't believe me , at the very least rent it first and save yourself the buyers remorse . The people that give this movie a 5 star review HAVE to be Amazon stockholders or buddies of Sandlers . It 's that bad . Do n't want to take my word for it ? Check out these pages of reviews : http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/AdamSandlersEightCrazyNights-1118408/The green blobs are bad reviews , the round tomato are good reviews . Hope I 've saved some money out there . Bill
 This is hands down one of the worst films I have ever seen . I used to be an Adam Sandler fan , but when he keeps pushing out garbage like this ... . I have to seriously question my previous judgement . I loved some of his previous work , but this one was just way too much for me to take . I watched this with a large group of people , and we all agreed that this film just had to go . We made it to just under 40 minutes , so we gave it a chance.I can not stress enough as to how annoying this film got in just those 40 minutes . The voice of Whitey -LRB- Sandler -RRB- was like somebody taking a fork and raking it across a chalkboard , pure pain . The humor was few -LRB- and I mean very few -RRB- and far between . The deer licking poop from a frozen Whitey and a trouble making lead role -LRB- also Sandler -RRB- were the highlights , and they just were n't funny but were billed as some of the biggest laughs of the film ? Sorry folks I just did n't see it , nobody did . I was severly disappointed.In summary , skip this one and go buy/watch the Water Boy , Happy Gilmore , Big Daddy , or something else . Even that piece of junk Little Nicky was a ton better than this garbage .
 I want to say first that I am an Adam Sandler fan . I loved him on SNL , I have enjoyed him in everything from `` Billy Madison '' to `` Punch-Drunk Love '' . So with that in mind , I had high hopes for `` Eight Crazy Nights '' . To say it was a let down would be an understatement . This is one of the worst movies I have seen in recent memory.The only thing remotely close funny is the old man named Whitey . He has a few lines that might warrant a slight chuckle . Sandler 's Davey Stone character is so annoying , you will probably be tempted to turn off the movie within the first 10 minutes . If you do n't , you 'll be treated to jokes about hairy butts , a woman with three breasts , a man eating a jock strap and deer licking frozen feces . Sounds appealing , does n't it?I am sure some diehard Sandler fans think this is funny , but I do n't . Hopefully his first animated movie will be his last .
 I try REALLY hard not to write negative reviews on this site . I realize that things like music and movies are subjective , and I do n't really think criticizing such things adds much to the debate . However , I could n't resist in the case of `` Eight Crazy Nights '' because it absolutely sucks . I 'm not Jewish , but if I were I think I 'd be pretty offended by this attempt by Adam Sandler to milk the holiday to add a few more bucks to his pile of money . This movie consists entirely of cheap humor and even cheaper sentimentality , making no effort to actually earn a laugh or any real emotion . I chuckled mildly about three times during this movie , and I think that may have been because I was bored . I 'm not some snob who only likes `` intellectual '' movies either ; I 've actually enjoyed every other Sandler movie except for the equally atrocious `` The Waterboy . '' But this drivel is just completely worthless . All those affiliated with this movie should be beaten sharply about the heads and shoulders with blunt objects at the earliest possible convenience . Oh , and the original Hanukkah song stopped being funny about four years ago , so the third version tacked onto the end of this snoozathon is n't helping matters .
 I love Adam Sandler . Well , I used to love him , before he made Eight Crazy Nights . Not only was this cartoon not funny , it was downright trash . I would not recommend this `` feature '' to anyone . `` Eight Crazy Nights '' was short on story , long on time , and wearing on patience . I kept watching in hopes that this cartoon would redeem itself ; I needed some justification for wasting the 2 hours of my life that I will never get back . Needless to say , I stuck it out until the credits , and now I have to live with the facts that I
 Let me start out by saying that I enjoy Adam Sandler movies . I like Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore . Sure , they 're not great films , but they 've given me plenty of laughs . So when I tell you that this is one of the most dreadful movies I 've ever watched , you 'll know it is n't because of some bias against Mr. Sandler.This may be the worst movie ever made . It is cloying , stupid , unfunny , weird , and pathetic -- in a bad way . I could go on about the awful story , the grating voices , the cliches and schmaltz , or the bad songs . -LRB- Yes , Virginia , this is a musical . The worst musical ever unleashed on film . No , I have n't seen every musical ; but you do n't need to in order to fully understand the depths to which this film sinks . -RRB- Do n't see it . Do n't buy it . Do n't rent it . Do n't send any signal that they should make more cr * p like this .
 The movie is vulgar and not meant for children . It is a typical Adam Sandler movie , with foul language and raunchy humor . Not enjoyable at all .
 I gave this 1 star because they would n't let me have 0 stars . The movie is just plain horrible . The 12 year olds in the audience enjoyed the juvenile , flatulence and other bodily function humor . But , this was the same audience that was passing gas in the theater and laughing at themselves . It will be a long time before I waste money on another Adam Sandler film .
 8 Crazy Nights might have been a sweet film with a good message for kids , but the scatological humor , offensive language and explicit sexual references made it unsuitable for my 10-year old . The plot , on the other hand , while fine for 10-year olds was too obvious and simplistic for most of the adults in the audience . As a result , while it 's probably not the worst film of the year , it is certainly in the running .
 To be 100 % honest i thought the movie was boring and too sappy for a cartoon.The old guy got on my nerves and the movie was just so unlike adam.I mean come on we all know he could have done way better than this stupid movie.Im sorry but i just think the movie was horrible .
 Yeah well this movie was just terrible . Sandler tries paroding the classic cartoon musical but he fails in every way possible . I mean this is a stupid movie , one song is about how great the mall is and then another song has the logos of different stores singing to him . It 's almost a marketing ploy to get people to go holiday shopping more . The film also tries to make the audience sympathize with Sandler 's character but once again it fails , we have seen the Grinch and A Christmas Carol too many times to actually care about this Jewish Scrooge . This movie sucks all around with cheap gross out humor that may have worked better had it been live action but that would have defeated the purpose of the film . And one last comment , Why the hell is this a double disc DVD ? All of Sandlers good and/or funny movies are singular yet this movie is terribe and it gets the extra feature treatment . This movie sucks .
 I was told that this was a decent movie.But I did n't care for it . I find Adam Sandler as funny as Jerry Lewis , not very ... The animation was pretty good however .
 Do not buy or rent this . Adam Sandler is officially a no talent hack . This is not for children or anyone for that matter unless lame brained scattological humor with absolutely no point is your thing .
 god !!! what a dumb movie . the fact that Adam Sandler can do this is just wrong ... never lives up to what if true and it down right smells like cheese ... sick and demented jokes dont help its premise ... though Whitey gets a few lifes ... nicely animated but a poor outcome . think of this as a guide beofer watching it ... Jon Lovitz , Rob Schneider and others contribute voices .
 If you are adamant to watch this movie despite all the negative reviews , please do it after the Holliday season . This is the most depressing , sad , pathetic , sarcastic and cruel movie that I 've ever seen in my life.Through all the movie I felt that I am going to cry and was depressed for the rest of the day . Basically it is a movie about a guy that lost his parents during his childhood , twins with serious genetic disorders and a single mom . How somebody could find it funny is beyond me.If you want to kill the Holiday spirit and get into a deep depression than this movie is perfect for you ! If not - skip it .
 This movie is such a bizarre combination of morality and immorality it seems like no one would really like it , but there are always exceptions.If you 're looking for a sweet Christmas tale , watch A Christmas Carol or The Grinch . If you 're looking for potty humor , watch Beavis and Butthead . This movie tries to be both , and in the end , the sick humor and complete meanness just cancel out the moral message the plot tries to portray , leaving the viewer with nothing . Anyone who has the impression from these reviews that this is a `` moral '' movie , please beware , it is far , far , from it . There were glimmers of morality and good humor in there , but they were all but eclipsed by the nastiness .
 Everyone 's allowed to flop now and then . No matter how surprisingly . I 'm pretty big on Adam Sandler . He was integral in championing the glory days of SNL . His humor is sick , perverted , and offensive - to some people , that is . Me , I find myself laughing myself half to death at the most shallow of toilet humor when engineered by Sandler , whereas 99 % of society looks stupid and superfluous when the execution of this type of humor gets into the wrong hands . If you think NOBODY can pull off a fart joke that 's actually funny , make sure you check out his first two cd 's before nailing the coffin . They get old , but thankfully it takes a while for that to happen.Then came his movies . One after another , legions of Sandler followers attended a decade 's worth of 90 minute comedies which were diverse in storylines but similar in format and style . Fans could n't have cared less about most critics ' `` 2.5 / 4 ish ratings . '' Adam Sandler was and is a big pioneer of the kind of random humor that made big shots like Conan O'brien famous . Many do n't get it , so they dismiss the Adam Sandler catalog entirely , though not before using some of the adjectives I demonstrated in the opening paragraph.But then came this movie . I missed it in the theaters , so I rented it instead of buying it - smart move on all accounts . The first time I heard Whitey in the courtroom , I thought it was Adam 's -LRB- `` Stone '' 's -RRB- main character just changing his tone of voice amidst his rantings with the judge . In due time , my brain recovered and realized that Adam was actually voicing an entirely different character . This is a huge joke - and not the kind that Sandler was going for . I 've heard much better , and more contrasting , and much FUNNIER voices on his cd 's , and basically anywhere else outside this project . Huge mistake # 1 is having your two main characters have almost the same voice . It 's as if the one character is just speaking in a higher voice the whole time , and it 's not convincing at all . In other words , that 's one strike for poor acting.Huge mistake # 2 is the plot . Whenever you 've got animators involved , it pains me to see a great technical effort wasted on a failed delivery of entertainment . A promising youth gone bad after tragedy strikes - that 's what briefly takes the main character on the tried-and-tired-to-death path of needing to confront his emotions.What audience is this geared towards ? It has the aspirations of a child 's movie , which would make it more forgivable , but that notion is quickly dissolved as soon as we start seeing the stereotypical Sandlerisms that always randomly invade his work . Ok , not for children . But the 3rd grade plot makes a viewer who is any older than that want to beg for 74 minutes of his life back ... The movie 's so short , barely over an hour , but 15 minutes into it I felt like time was moving so slowly , I was back in highschool . That NEVER happens with the always creative Adam Sandler , as he always keeps you involved ... well , now we 've got to change that to ALMOST always . I hate to say it , but Adam made a boring movie . What a time to have writer 's block .
 I thought this was a big dissapointment ! It is crude beyond `` good taste . '' I wish I could return the DVD but I do n't have my receipt so I 'll just `` trash it ! ''
 The early success of Adam Sandler 's films gave him this mistaken impression that he was an actor and a writer . This film proves he is neither - and a grating voice-over guy to boot . I enjoyed Happy Gilmore and to a much lesser degree , Little Nicky and Big Daddy . But Sandler is a one-trick pony . We 've all seen the trick , so it 's just not interesting anymore . I thought this might be the one Hanukah film in a world of X-mas fare . It has nothing to do with the holiday and is definitely not for kids .
 Eight Crazy Nights is the thrid back to back unfunny movie -LRB- following Little Nicky and Mr Deeds -RRB- that Adam Sandler has made in the past two years . Eight Crazy Nights is full of toiler humor and unfunny one-liners . I may have laughed once or twice if these movie . They should have called Eight Crazy Ways to ruin a comic 's carrer .
 Most likely one of the worst movies i have ever seen ! I went to see this movie with about 5 or 6 friends , when it was over , we all wanted our money back ! The movie is not funny at all . Believe me i love adam sandler but this isnt even a comedy , there are alot of sad parts in it , but they label it as a comedy . All this movie actually is happens to be is a fairy tale for little kids , huge waste of money . If you want to see a real adam sandler comedy wait for anger management or rent happy gilmore .
 I used to be a fan of The Simpsons , but now much more of a South Park kinda guy , so it 's near impossible to offend me really . . The humor was good in some spots , but overall I fould it to be annoying and pointless . The emotion and general plot was pretty good , and I 've always liked Sandler for his singing abilities and SNL work , but this movie was bad -LRB- some of the singing was okay , but personally I did n't like half of it -RRB- . Most of the content is incredibly gross and could make you vomit if eating , but that 's Sandler 's great gold .
 This movie was terrible ! `` WARNING SPOLIERS MAY BE POSSIBLE ! `` Well it starts out with Davey , a drunk who is crude and mean . Then when he gets into trouble he 's doomed to community service with the town migiet Whitney , -LRB- No offence to little people out there , that it not my intention to offend anyone -RRB- . Whitney sounds like Woody Allen on crack , and his fernal twin sister Elenaor is n't any better.Well Davey does all he can to offend Whitney . That is until his place burns up ! So he moves in with Whitney and his sister , and they set some ground rules . Then as the movie goes on , they make a big deal about Davey having little emotion , and when he cries it 's all the sudden a big deal ! And for some reason the deer in the woods talk , and help Whitney out . What or who is Whitney supposted to be Santa Claus?I hate the music in it , the voices are annoying , and the characters are mostly unlikable ! So warning to parents , keep your children locked up from this totally bad movie !
 Yeah , it sounds like a cheery holiday movie for the kids , but it is n't . It 's mean-spirited movie that goes nowhere . It 's crude and rude as you would expect from Sandler , but not even in a funny way . Imagine Sandler pushing a little old man in a port-a-potty down a hill so that he becomes a frozen sh*t sicle ... then imagine reindeer coming to lick it off him and getting sh*t stuck in their teeth . Yup , that was in there and was about the extent of the humor therein.Please do n't buy this . And if you do , BE SURE to watch this before giving it as a gift or letting your children watch it .
 this is the worst comedy evericould tell this was an adam sandler movie right from the startit its a compilation of all the weak jokes from his past movies and albums , actors and songs put together to make a very dissapointing comedy . Had i known this movie was so bad , i hoped someone would have brought it TO MY ATTENTION YESTERDAY !!!!
 First off I do not dislike Adam Sandler , I rather enjoy some of his raunchy antics on film , not so much because I like raunchy antics , but because of the underlying message . Adam Sandler really does have a good heart and his films always show this . You can scoff at his bathroom jokes and spitting , farting etc , but he does that to satisfy his fans who paid money to see him , he is loyal to his fans and to his friends . Ever notice how he always gives jobs to Rob Schneider and Dana Carvey ? No one else does , that 's a good friend , also his good old fashioned small town morals always win out of the rich , evil fat cats who try to squeeze him in his films . He never sinks to there level either , perhaps that is why ECN was such a creepy , deeply disturbing film , I can not , in recent memory recall a more unpleasant time at the movies , what was he thinking ? Early on in the film his character , a drunken loser , belches very loudly in a Chinese restaurant '' Ok I go take shower now '' says Chinese waiter . I wanted to take a shower too , very soon after that scene . For starters Mr. Sandler seems to think he is a voice over man , he is not . His idea of a character voice is to squeak his lines out in a nearly impossible to understand whiny nasal twang that is not unlike running a nail down a chalkboard . One can barely understand he is trying to do a character , and he barely is . Also he is the voice of at least four of his characters , he is equally bad in each . Perhaps the most confusing and depressing is the old white heard man who lives with his sister in a little old house , he wants desperately to win a patch saying he is the town good guy or something , he coaches the kids basketball team , he has been for years , and apparently does not work except to do crappy jobs for no pay so people can ignore and not appreciate him , he is simply there to be lovable , and put upon , he is slightly less subtle then a pie in the face -LRB- as is the so-called humor here -RRB- . The script calls for Sandlers character to be a total jerk for no other reason other then to be redeemed at the end , there is no real motivation for his bazaar , cruel and badly aimed antics other then the screenplay calls for them . He starts off the film by driving a snowmobile drunk and smashing two ice sculptures , a menorah and a Christmas thing , I forget what it was . He is a repeat offender so his sentence will be a harsh one , but along comes old squeaky voice to offer the judge a chance to give him a reduced sentence , he lets him coach basketball with him in lue of time in the clink , I can just see the road runner and bugs bunny rolling there eyes and shaking there heads , surly , even in a cartoon there is some sort of rule book . Not here . Of course the judge remands him to the custody of squeaky and off they go . The film then goes on to showcase some of the most outrageous , mindnumbing scenes of animated mayhem this side of a Japanese manga involving tentacles and girls in school uniforms . He goes to the basketball game and insults the children , ridiculing one boy for being fat , the coach is knocked unconscious and puts his hand in his pants `` nice kitty kitty '' he squeaks , what the ???? then an angry father gets on Sandlers bad side -LRB- his only side -RRB- and is force fed a jock strap `` I hope you like them extra sweaty '' Ho Ho Ho . For the next part of the film which seems like eight days , crazy or otherwise , his house is burned , he pushes his benefactor down a hill , in a porta potty which freezes feces on him , he is rescued by deer who lick the poop off him , on smiles with a load of ca ca in his teeth . We are treated to this twice . God bless us , every one . By the time the paint by number ending finally gets there we are also subjected to a number of songs , each worse then the last , fortunately they are forgettable as well as bad `` If I move my bowls without using the spray ... that 's a technical foul '' is one of few lines I remember , thank you God . By reading this one might assume , as I did , that this is irreverent in the good way , poking fun at old Christmas standards , but it is not . It is disgusting , badly written , annoying and very , very cruel . The two dimensional nice old brother and sister are treated horribly , for no good reason with no motivation or payoff , the songs are unlistnable and the dialogue is hard to understand , this is not always a bad thing . Of course we discover why the hero is such a jerk , a childhood trauma involving a car crash on Hanukkah , he hooks up with is old sweetheart and lives happily ever after . The same can not be said for the audience . Why would anyone think this was funny or appropriate , who is the audience ? There are many vulgar sexual references that are not claver or cutting edge they are sad and out of place , the over all feel of the film is one of depressed Sinicism and a morbid sense of doom and hopelessness . Adam Sandler has been loyal to his friends , his friends should have been loyal to him and told him what a bad idea this was , even if it hurt his feelings . This Christmas turkey wo n't even work as leftovers . Bah Humbug .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . I suppose I should not even say that , because I stopped watching the DVD 25 minutes in . It was that bad . The `` humor '' is actually cruel , and the `` jokes '' are lower than sophmoric . What I ca n't understand is how someone during the making of this debacle could not raise a hand and say
 Even she ca n't save this turkey.This type of film seems to have been common in the 1990s -- a lot of rootless young people go to the Big City -LRB- always New York -RRB- and compete to be admitted to `` exclusive '' night clubs -LRB- `` Are you cool enough to spend your money here ? '' -RRB- . This film was dated even before it was released . Spare yourself the agony .
 Hard to believe the people above saw the same move I just saw . Parker Posey was fine , but the script and story just kept getting unimaginably worse . Its presentation of NYC night life is totally unrealistic - or perhaps dated . Just some small , petty examples
 The story is unbelievable , the outfits were awful & the lighting could have been much improved . The only amusing bit in the movie occurs when the Party Girl attempts to explain myth of Sisyphus to her roommate .
 Rated 1 star . As low as it gets at rating these movies . I am trying to resell this at another website . Best to rent or borrow from local library .
 I am so disappointed to write this , being a big Elvira fan . I thought the first movie was great . But this one just was n't good . It 's too `` Looney Tunes '' , with too many lame sound effects -LRB- Boink ! -RRB- . ALL of the characters were very annoying and not funny , including a spineless fat maid , and a doctor with an irritating , monotone voice . This movie and all the `` one-liners '' do n't compare to the old Elvira I know and love . At least I still have the first movie to watch .
 i just found this movie at the video store last night , i have been serching forever for it , i am a huge Elvira fan so i was soo excited to see it . i love her first movie it was awesome , this one however really depressed me , it started out okay i thought -LRB- promising -RRB- but once they get to the castle it totally just follows the exect same story of vincent price 's , the pit and the pendulum ! not kidding pretty much every detail was there they just added Elvira ! i know it was a homage to him but i think it was a rip-off ! -LRB- i am also a huge vincent price fan -RRB- i am sorry but you should just rent the pit and the pendulum its alot better . sorry Elvira but this movie stunk !
 When I rented Elvira 's first movie , `` Elvira , Mistress of the Dark , '' I did so with the lowest of expectations and was pleasantly surprised . Ironically , because I liked `` Mistress of the Dark '' so much , I actually went into viewing `` Elvira 's Haunted Hills '' with raised expectations , and was summarily disappointed . Elvira -LRB- Cassandra Peterson , who also co-wrote the script -RRB- sticks with `` Mistress of the Dark '' 's formula of double entendres , goofy puns and silly sight gags , but her schtick does n't have quite the same charm this time around . There are plenty of fat jokes at the expense of Elvira 's maid Zou Zou -LRB- Mary Jo Smith -RRB- and `` Rocky Horror '' 's Richard O'Brien 's role is essentially a self-parody . By the movie 's final third , the humor is quite thin . There are a few laughs in `` Elvira 's Haunted Hills '' ' 90-minutes , but most are in the movie 's first 30 . I particularly enjoyed her musical number `` Le Dance Hall . '' Ultimately , though , `` Elvira 's Haunted Hills '' is n't as funny as the old Roger Corman/Hammer horrors it 's spoofing .
 There were three , maybe four gags in this new movie that made me laugh out loud . But the empty space , and the stale jokes made this a real stinker . The only shining light in this whole movie was Elvira herself ... that is ... when they actually put the camera on her , and Elvira 's interaction with ZouZou , her french maid . The acting was bad , the editing was atrocious , and I found myself squirming in my seat , waiting for this to be over.Please do yourself a favor and do not buy , rent or watch this movie for you , your mother , or your gradeschool teacher . The first Elvira movie will always remain a classic . Do n't sully its memory with this .
 I was very anxious to watch this and it said it was CC but it was not . ANYONE WHO IS DEAF , Do n't buy this it is not CC !!!
 I should say that I LOVED the first Elvira film . A classic camp , ridiculous comedy!I was SO excited when I heard a new film had come out.Wow - was this the biggest let down!Its appalling - beyond bad.Its not even so bad it 's good - its just BAD.Elvira is Elvira - the blame does n't necessarily lie with her.the co-stars are awful -LRB- Richard O'Brien should just bask in his Rocky glory - obviously a one-off -RRB- , and the direction is terrible - I dont think the director has any understanding of comedy.However - judging from the other reviews here , its obviously a love or hate film ...
 After watching the first Elvira movie `` Mistress of the Dark '' which I loved , I could not wait for this one to come out . Well it turns out I could have waited a loooong time for this one.The story was simply not funny and Cassandra Petersons Elvira was a pale shadow of her early days , almost fading into the background in this movie in favor of a supporting cast that was not much better.The sassy , bold , wise cracking , smart mouthed , over the top , Elvira of the first movie , is almost completely missing here . Instead , she seems subdued and timid -LRB- compared to her first movie -RRB- . Missing from this movie are the wisecracks , putdowns and puns , that made Elvira such a joy to watch -LRB- there are a few lame ones -RRB- . In this movie they tried to let the scenery and erie atmosphere -LRB- which are great by the way -RRB- and supporting cast -LRB- so , so -RRB- , carry the movie rather than letting Elvira do it by herself.I think that Cassandra Peterson -LRB- Elvira -RRB- who co-wrote this movie simply put too much importance on trying to make a `` gothic movie pariody '' , and not enough of giving the fans what the wanted to see , which was Elvira.I do n't think that the fans will see another Elvira movie made , and it 's sad that such a great character bows out with this movie .
 The Elvira character is funny and very watchable . The first movie in this series is good . This one is not . Too bad . Do n't know what happend but Casanndra Peterson is a good comedian .
 I received the movie and when I opened it the DVD was missing ! I sent it back to the company .
 This movie was for my son who is 9 and begged for it . He lost interest in about 30 minutes into the movie . I was able to watch some of it and quite frankly ... it was very boring !!! It almost had a documentary setting rather than a movie which made it hard to follow . Anyway , I 'm sure it has potential to be a good movie for a certain age group . Just not the young or middle aged group .
 You have to be into skate boarding to enjoy this movie , and I have to confess , I 'm not that into skate boarding . The only reason I even watched this movie is because the power was out at my house due to a thunder storm and I had available a battery powered DVD player and my sister-in-law has this on DVD . The story is decent , but it does have it 's dull parts . If you are not into skateboards now , this film wo n't convince you to be . This is mainly for those who love the sport only.The acting is good , but there is n't anything that really stands out , you see nothing more than what you woul don ESPN . But that 's the point , the evolultion of how it became a mainstream sport is the entire role of the movie . The problem is that the characters are just one dimensional and it does n't really matter what happens to the characters during the film . When it is was over , I thought , oh well . It did n't leave me breathless and I do n't think I will ever see this movie again , nor do I want to . The highlight of the film was the short cameo of Tony Hawk , but even that was predictable , how can you have a movie about this topic and not have Tony Hawk somewhere in it?Like I said , if you are n't into skateboards , you wo n't like the movie . But for skateboarding enthusiasts , you have probably found heaven in DVD form .
 Okay , this movie is supposed to be about three teen boys . However , I did n't know this when I tried to watch it with my grandson , and they looked to me like twenty-somethings who had never grown up . I guess they did to my grandson as well because , although he talks frequently about skatboarding when he gets a little older , he lost interest in the movie barely a third of the way through it . I felt the same about it - it was intensely boring to me to watch what looked like a bunch of immature guys doing their thing . Maybe if one is really into skateboarding this movie might be of interest . For me , and for my grandson , it was n't worth the time spent watching it .
 The many times I watched the trailer for `` The Lords of Dogtown '' , I cringed at the sight of Heath Ledger . The images of him as a drugged out former hippy recruiting a bunch of kids to ride skateboards caused me to start grinding my teeth . The images hinted at one over the top performance , and not in a good way . `` The Lords of Dogtown '' is a fictionalized retelling of the same material covered in a documentary released last year called `` Dogtown and Z-Boys '' . The documentary was written and produced by Stacy Peralta , one of the `` Z-Boys '' , a group of young kids who rode skateboards for Zephyr and created the whole skateboard craze . Zephyr was sponsored by Skip Englom , a local surf shop owner in Venice who realized that this could be the next big thing . The success of the documentary prompted Peralta to write the screenplay for `` Lords of Dogtown '' and the film was made with Catherine Hardwicke -LRB- `` thirteen '' -RRB- at the helm.Skip Englom -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- and his surf shop employees rule the area under the old Venice pier . Stacy -LRB- John Robinson , `` Elephant '' -RRB- , Jay -LRB- Emile Hirsch , `` Imaginary Heroes '' -RRB- and Tony -LRB- Victor Rasuk , `` Raising Victor Vargas '' -RRB- are the next generation and they want to get out there and surf as well . One day , someone shows Skip the new thing in skateboard wheels -LRB- neoprene , `` made from oil '' -RRB- and his mind starts clicking . He has everyone practice and soon everyone is a member of the Zephyr team . Everyone except for Stacy . Stacy has a job and ca n't attend all of the practice sessions . During the first competition , Stacy enters as an independent and proves to Skip that he should be a member of the team . As the skaters become more and more well-known , fame threatens to rip the friends and the team apart.Well , Heath Ledger 's performance is way over the top . But in the context of the film 's story , it is more acceptable . I did n't say it was believable , because it is n't , just more acceptable . I did n't feel like someone was scratching their fingernails across a blackboard , as I expected . Ledger plays Skip Englom and seems to be channeling the spirit of Jim Morrison as played by Val Kilmer . Drunk or high in every scene , he rants and raves or plays a drugged out hippie . I know the character is based on a real person , but because the film is fictionalized , perhaps it could have been toned down a little . What the performance lacks is any connection to the story . At one point , Skip has a fight with his employees because they are n't building skateboards fast enough . Why ? Before , he seemed blissfully unaware of the need to make money . Now he wants as much as he can get . The transition is n't there.This same lack of connecting the dots is a weakness throughout the film . Late in the film , Jay and Tony seem to resent Stacy 's success . Stacy comments that he was the last one to leave the team . Based on the story , he was , so why are they resentful ? Why is Tony Alva resentful of Stacy Peralta ? The film portrays Tony Alva as a much bigger celebrity , why would he be resentful ? At one point , Stacy 's girlfriend is Kathy -LRB- Nikki Reed , `` thirteen '' -RRB- , Tony 's sister . When Stacy declines to join a party , she immediately hooks up with Jay . Do n't get it or understand why she would do this.Jay , as played by Emile Hirsch , is a complicated character , and perhaps the most interesting and inconsistent of the group . As a skateboarder , he seems fearless and a bit crazed , always running around with his tongue hanging out and his eyes wild . He is a kid out of control . These scenes , on their own , would be hard to watch and believe , yet they are balanced by a couple of scenes depicting his family life . The first time we see him , he is sneaking into his mother 's bedroom to borrow her boyfriend 's surfboard . The boyfriend wakes up yelling and then realizes it is Jay . They both encourage him to take it . Jay 's mom , Philaine , played by Rebecca De Mornay , is very convincing as a woman living in a fog of drugs and alcohol . She loves her kid and he loves her . But his life at home is screwed up . Towards the end of the film , there is a shift in Jay 's character which I did n't believe . It may have actually happened in real life , but as depicted in the film , it is n't convincing.There are a lot of scenes of the four main characters skateboarding around and watching each other in awe . These scenes have a sort of visual grace to them but there are way too many of them . How many times can we watch people skateboard in loopy circles up a ramp ? `` Dogtown '' needed fewer scenes of skateboarding and more scenes exploring the relationships between the characters . Hardwicke showed such a knack for this in her debut film `` thirteen '' I was disappointed she did n't continue the tradition in this film .
 I HOPE THIS MOVIE TURNS OUT TO BE BETTER THAN GRIND ! YEYA !
 If the documentary was n't silly enough , here comes a feature presentation about kids whose only means of survival is skateboarding inside empty swimming pools . Empty swimming pools ? How about a trip to the library ? How about studying and earning good grades in school ? How about being a responsible human being and not some drugged out loser wasting our tax dollars on drug rehabs and social welfare programs ? In the end , it is us , Mr. & Mrs. Smith , that has to ` lend ' a helping hand to these degenerates on wheels . How about a movie with this simple message
 I loved the `` Dogtown And Z-Boys '' documentary that came out a couple of years ago , which dealt with the same subject -- looking at the Venice , California skate rats who pioneered modern skateboarding -- but this feature film , scripted by one of the Z-Boys , is pretty lame . Sure , it evokes the era of the mid-1970s in loving , lavish detail , and it delves a little deeper into the psychology and personal stories of the kids involved in the scene that surrounded the fabled Zephyr surf shop , but it 's poorly directed and has , at heart , a weak , hackneyed script that relies too heavily on the assumption that viewers already have an intimate knowledge of surf and skate lore . We 're supposed to know who Tony Alva and the other characters are , and be so in awe of seeing them portrayed onscreen that we wo n't notice that this film is basically an ABC After School Special with a little added drug use and gratuitous juvenile delinquency to spice things up.Meanwhile , the actors and the screenwriters try way too hard to impress upon us how raw and `` street '' these guys were , and the dramas and conflicts between them are drawn in the broadest , most melodramatic terms , contributing to a sense of cheesiness that overtakes the story . Also , there are weird and unnecessary anachronisms , such as the kids throwing gang signs during a photo shoot , or calling some guy a `` bitch , '' which are products of the post - '80s hip-hop scene , rather than Jimmy Carter-era stoner culture . Even less understandable is the loosey-goosey presentation of LA 's fabled punk scene ... I mean , what 's up with them going to a Black Flag show in 1977 ? The band had barely formed that very year , and LA 's punk heyday was still a couple of years away from the mid - '70s timeframe this film was set in.Similarly , skate culture is n't really well explained , either -- we see the Zephyr team doing stuff which apparently blows everyone 's mind , but we do n't really know why , or what it was they were doing that was so cool . -LRB- The recreations of the championship shows that they made their reps in were constructed with lavish attention to detail , but the skating itself looks pretty dull -- were the shows and the moves really that lame , or is this just poorly filmed ? -RRB- The character development seems shallow and leaden , and the conflicts between freedom and fame , etc. , etc. , are blandly presented and trite . That being said , I did think the casting was really good , particularly for some of the characters whose real-life models are seen later on , in the `` special features '' section -- they really match up well . Overall , though , this flick was a dud -- it really falls apart at the end and becomes so conventional and emotionally flat that it 's really kinda lame . Stick with the documentary , instead .
 I really like the story . I was a skater so it is interesting to see from a historical standpoint . The script may have not been that bad . The problem is the characters seem like they are overacting . The director did n't make it feel real to me . If you are under 20 , you may like it alot more than if you are a little older . Even though , they are obviously really trying hard to capture the spirit of these kids , the film comes off too contrived . Maybe , worth seeing though . 21/2 stars .
 This is a review of the Amazon Instant version . I do n't know if the DVD has the same problems I 'm about to mention . The movie itself is a masterpiece , a very important and influential film with excellent performances by Sanders and Bergman . But the quality of this copy is very suspect . First of all , it seems to be a straight VHS port . One scene even had some background buzz notable on dirty VHSs ! The transfer itself was very poor , full of lines and dirt and missing frames . The PAL version overseas -LRB- and the Korean NTSC version you can purchase here -RRB- are much , much cleaner , which further makes me suspect that this was simply a VHS port . Finally , and worst of all , the audio is totally out of sync . I wonder if the DVD has the syncing issue or if this was the fault of Amazon ripping or uploading the digital copy . Whatever the case , for $ 12.99 you 're getting very substandard picture quality and out of sync sound . Do not get this on Amazon Instant . Please , though , watch the movie .
 Wonderful movie directed by R. Rossellini . A master piece starring Ingrid Bergman and George Sanders . The quality of this copy is very bad . Also there is NO MOTION MENU to select a scene and NO ENGLISH SUBTITLES for people who have hearing loss .
 The producer , director , and actors should be prohibited from working in the movie industry for the rest of their lives . Complete waste of my hard earned ninety nine cents . If you are looking for a terrible film , I would suggest
 I got this film because it was rated so highly with 4 stars . The reviewers had to be the actors , crew on the production . This was one of the worst films I have ever seen . The acting is atrocious . The story is ridiculous . I am pissed because I wasted at least 35 minutes on this garbage and my money -LRB- I obviously could n't finish watching -RRB- . Trust me or take a chance on this crap . Did n't want to give it ANY stars but I had to give it something . Needed to warn others who would fall prey to this .
 Reminds me of the fish screen saver from the mid 90 's . Amazing animations for that time period . Very poor quality for todays standards . Do not waste your time . Has constant audio of water sound that again sounds about like the water sound from that old fish screen saver from the mid 90 's . I think it was included with Windows 98 , but had been sold for some time before then.If you have been under a rock for the last 15 or so years and are amazed that there is an internet you may find this enjoyable .
 Artificial acting by all parties from adults down to the child actors ; not their fault as there are not that many in the Fannings , Moretz or Breslin mode out there . Been there , done that , unimaginative copy-cat storyline of evil developer and her cohorts wanting to build a resort on an ancient indigenous population sacred site which they , of course , are not too happy about . Kid detectives have all the exotic tools in their hidden junk yard , -LRB- cheaply appropriate -RRB- hide-away headquarters from which they conduct , beyond any reasonable expectation , the solving of Indiana Jones type mysteries . For the most part just cheap background , sets and props - a cave , a fake tomb , hidden messages . Just too predictable of an ending which you probably can guess at .
 This movie is about a girl that dreams of working in the publishing business her entire life . She works hard at getting good grades in high school so she can get a scholarship at college . She works hard in college and gives up on some of the more fun aspects in order to get good grades in hopes that she 'll get the job of her dreams . She does everything `` right '' and according to her father in one scene , she even `` ate all her vegetables growing up '' . This `` vegetable scene '' is meant to show that she takes herself too seriously and has been working too hard her entire life -LRB- she 's 22 years old -RRB- . HUGE SPOILER ALERT
 This movie was not funny . I loved the cast and it sucked to see them all in a bad movie . The whole storyline was just very predictable . Really a waste .
 This movie was a complete and total disappointment . Every aspect of the story was inane from Ryden 's job search to her love life to her family 's `` adventures '' . Not only were there more groans than laughs , but the movie was pretty insulting to the audience . The characters ' actions were not remotely realistic and if they were , they 'd be pathetic , not loveable.I feel bad for all of the actors -LRB- particularly Bledel -RRB- who signed on to this disaster . They would have been better off reading from the phone book . Whoever was responsible for this script should be run out of Hollywood . They obviously do n't belong .
 Having been to college and experienced the post grad feeling I expected a movie that would hit home and be a successful film that all college grads could relate too . I was truly disappointed.The previews and trailers told a different than what the real movie conveyed . In fact the trailers are far better and in fact had they just made the movie a short and to the point film it would 've been a greaat success with 5 stars.I felt that the relationship between the main character Ryden and her platonic best friend Adam -LRB- I think it was -RRB- was not seriously developed . The family was just weird which did n't seem to make any sense with the thesis of the movie . In fact during the `` featurette '' the screenwriter had no prior experience of writing scripts and even admitted to not know a thesis until later in the process.Instead of trying to tell several different stories and relationships they should 've just kept it simple to the point and to a central theme about life after graduating . It was a real downer and I could not recommend this movie unless you borrow it from a friend .
 POST GRADSTARRING
 This is a terrible movie that they had to stretch to make it to that 88 minute mark . `` Post Grad '' was directed by Vicky Jenson and written by Kelly Fremon . It stars Alexis Bledel as Ryden Malby , a college graduate who had her whole life planned out until the job of her dreams gets taken by her valedictorian rival . She is oblivious to the advances of her guitar-toting , eskimo-pie-offering best friend , her family is nuts , and even the hot guy across the street who was Laura Linney 's interest in Love Actually ca n't make it any better.All Alexis Bledel has going for her in this movie are her huge watery blue eyes . The rest feels like throwaway lines for her , I do n't even get the sense that she 's trying all that hard . Jane Lynch plays her mother and I love Jane Lynch and was sad to see her so poorly utilized . The one-note mother character could have been played by anyone and she never got to flex her comedic muscle . Michael Keaton seemed to be in a different movie than everyone else just being over the top eccentric and I was horrified that his character running over a cat was actually written into this story ! It 's morbid , awkward , and is only used as a device to get Alexis closer to Rodrigo Santoro who is certainly yummy-looking , but is little else in this . Poor Carol Burnett has probably never sunk lower as Grandma Maureen , a woman who believes she is at death 's door and is cranky to everyone but again , not FUNNY . Why have these actors if you 're going to use them so badly ?? And the best friend played by Zach Gilford is nothing memorable , you will forget his face as soon as the movie ends.That all being said , the only thing going for this movie is the concept of the wake-up call to young people out there who plan everything out - get good grades , get scholarship , go to college , get good job , live happily ever after . You can do all those steps but your college degree is not worth as much as it used to be . From experience I can say I am a college grad and I am not using my degree . But that led me to starting my own business and I could n't be happier so you do n't know what path you will end up on but keeping an open mind and working hard can get you there . Ryden 's naivety is a valid message , but the movie 's comedy is weak , the acting is poor , the writing is terrible , and the 30 + minutes of filler with the family that they added just to have a full length film really shows .
 Post Grad completely fails.You know what the biggest problem with it is ? The fact that the script itself is just terrible . The film never really had a chance to get off the ground because the storyline is just so bland and predictable , however that in itself would n't have been a * really * big problem if it was n't for the fact Post Grad is completely humorless.Not a single joke that even remotely made me laugh the entire time . I think I was supposed to laugh during a scene where Alexis Bledal 's father steps in cat poo , and a scene later where he runs over the same cat while driving in reverse in his driveway and having to explain the accident to his neighbor , but something about the entire scene really bothers me.In fact , the entire film bothers me . There 's something not quite right with the execution of the jokes . Instead of feeling a positive atmosphere whenever a jokes comes in , instead everything gets unusually quiet . There 's something about the atmosphere that brings out the worst in the jokes . I ca n't explain exactly what 's causing it.Even the scene where Alexis Bledal 's brother pops out of a casket was n't funny . It was calmly strange.I might have an explanation for this unusual atmosphere . Perhaps the writers were trying to copy the atmosphere from Gilmour Girls and use it for Post Grad ? I assume that 's the case.Besides that , another obvious problem is that the film is loaded with talented actors and actresses that HAVE made me laugh quite hard in the past , but their performance here leaves me completely speechless -LRB- and I do n't mean that as a compliment either - speechless because I do n't understand their style of humor used for this film -RRB- . Post Grad is incredibly * bland * from beginning to end . It 's not funny , it 's predictably written , and it completely misses the mark by not including any actual laughs .
 my friend and i went to see this and we were the only ones in the theater . thank goodness we were because we laughed throughout the whole thing . not because it was a comedy , but because it was so damn bad . honestly , this is the worst movie i have ever seen ... lol .
 I had high hopes for this movie because the previews looked good ... but it was just eh . It was very predictable and the acting just seemed strained the whole time . The comedy was n't even very funny , it seemed forced . I would recommend watching this for free or cheap from somewhere , and not wasting your money on buying the movie .
 I really enjoyed Alexis Bledel in The Gillmore Girls and in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants , so I thought I would enjoy this one . Nope . Not at all ! This movie left a very bad taste in my mouth and simply made me feel yucky about the generation graduating college today . I 'd definitely recommend passing on this movie -- there are much better ones to watch .
 `` Post Grad '' is a corny , rambling satire on today 's job market , but hardly holds your attention , and if it is a comedy , I forgot to smile . The film frames a job hunt by a young college graduate Ryden Malby -LRB- Alexis Bledel -RRB- who is perky and optimistic . She always assumed she could find a job with a college diploma . She has a book publishing company as the first and only place to apply . She is among many applicants and the hard cruel world intervenes . The valedictorian of her class lands the job and Ryden 's car is involved in an accident . She is forced to move back in with her dysfunctional family and look for anything to keep her afloat . In the meantime her steady comforting relationship with her best friend , Adam -LRB- Zach Gilford -RRB- comes apart . Ryden has to decide what is important to her
 Alexis Bledel is Ryden Malby , a post grad student hoping to get a job at a major publishing company . She is willing and ready to work , but unfortunately things did n't turn out as she planned , and Ryden is forced to go home and live with her eccentric family members . Certainly the premise of `` Post Grad '' sounds great on paper -LRB- with the recent financial crisis in mind -RRB- ; however , `` Post Grad '' is only remarkable for its ineptitude for comedy or whatever else it wants to be.In short , the drama is bland . The characters are given no motivation . We do n't know who this heroine Ryden Malby is . We do n't know why she is so interested in working at a publishing company , so why should we be interested in her `` hardships , '' which as it turns out , not really hardships , but just an ordinary plot device ? Heroines like Elle -LRB- `` Legally Blonde '' -RRB- and Andy -LRB- `` The Devil Wears Prada '' -RRB- knew what they were doing . Ryden just does n't . Alexis Bledel looks sweet , it is certain , but her character remains one-dimensional throughout.We are told that her family members are `` weird . '' Unlike the family of `` Little Miss Sunshine , '' their weirdness is not very charming . The idea of `` dysfunctional family , '' so overused recently , looks like an excuse for the filmmakers to cover up the lack of ideas or imagination . So many sketchy episodes are strung together including Ryden 's friend Adam -LRB- Zach Gilford -RRB- and his tired father -LRB- J. K. Simmons -RRB- , Ryden 's handsome next-door neighbor David -LRB- Rodrigo Santoro -RRB- , her wacky father Walter -LRB- Michael Keaton -RRB- and wackier grandmother -LRB- Carol Burnett -RRB- , plus box car racing and a dead cat . Not much is funny despite the efforts from the decent cast.Poorly-written and directed `` Post Grad '' is just another Hollywood-made romantic comedy we do n't need , unless you are an avid fan of Alexis Bledel .
 Really bad . Stupid . Not funny . Held on to watch @ 40 minutes but just coul ;d not bear any more . Really sad because this movie had a decent cast.Who 's dog did Michael Keaton run over to be consigned to this?Carol Burnett ? Please !
 If you are interested in how the Telharmonium worked , what it sounded like , or what it looked like then do n't waste your time or money . This is a video slide show that chronicles Mr. Thaddeus Cahill 's -LRB- the inventor -RRB- attempt to raise money and sell `` electric '' music to New York hotels and restuarants . It is nothing but a series of old black & white photos , newspaper clippings and drawings that pan and zoom across the screen . It is accompanied by a cheesy dialog with outlandish effects , and a sound track of questionable origin that is certainly not from a Telharmonium . As someone interested in the technical details of the Telharmonuim I was extremely disappointed .
 Probably my mistake ... I misunderstood what I was getting ... I wanted a DVD and I did not understand that this would be sent to my computer . Would like to return it , but not sure how ... can I send it to my daughter 's computer address ??? It 's really for my grandson.Thanks , Pat Ryandrpatryan@gmail.com
 Do n't be fooled ; this is bloody terrible ... Ludicrous plot , terrible acting and dialog . If you 're a fan of the first -LRB- and not entertained by crap -RRB- be happy with the 1st and ignore this.Biggest sucks : * Whole film is about 5000 % brighter than the first . Is this in a cave or a grocery store ? * Cave dwellers turned into pigs for some reason . * The cave itself looks like a high school play set ... Bright lights do not help . * PATHETIC sequel setup at the end that is laughable , yet infuriating . * RUINS what was one of the best endings I 've ever seen -LRB- apparently not the theatrical ending -RRB- This is very high on the the list of completely unnecessary sequels.LAME ... be on the lookout for Descent 3 and maybe 4 , which are bound to be the mayor of suck town .
 The Descent is one of my favorite films by far . I was surprised when a sequel was announced . To me , the first film -LRB- uncut version -RRB- resolved everything . My greatest fears were confirm when I finally got to watch The Descent Part 2 over the weekend.What were they thinking ! Leave well enough alone !
 Someone with a flashlight walking around . Bob ! Bob where are you?Someone else with a flashlight walking around . Barbara ! Barbara is that you?Someone with a flashlight walking around . Ken , Ken are where are you?Someone with a flashlight walking around . Im over here can you get to me?Someone with a flashlight walking around . Im going to around and kill some more time and get back or not.Someone with a flashlight walking around . Did you hear that?Someone with a flashlight walking around . I dont know I forgot to keep acting . What is this movie I am in?ok those are not direct quotes but this thing is just a big walk around time killer . Classic Hollywood BS with someobody looking for someobody with zero tension.The 1st Descent is an all time classic . Forget this crap and watch the original again .
 This ... was basically the same as the first movie , if the first movie was not very good . If you like watching extended scenes of heads being bashed in and blood splurting out of wounds , you will probably enjoy this film . For me , it passed the line from scary into silly , and while I certainly enjoy a good campy bloodsplatter fest now and again , it seems a shame to do that in a sequel to a film that was so much more than that.Really , if you liked The Descent because there were attractive women covered in blood attacking or being attacked by monsters ... go for it ! You will like this movie . But if you liked it for being a suspenseful , well done horror flick ... skip the sequel and watch the first one again . Because seriously , it 's pretty much the same thing .
 Despite the negative reviews , I decided to give Descent 2 a try . It is good escapist viewing with plenty of action and surprises . The crawlers are as vicious as in Descent and the blood and gore are increased from the original . I still enjoyed the movie - until the ending . Without going into what happened , it changed my perception of the movie . IMHO it was one of the worst movie endings ever . Hopefully more perceptive people than myself can write a review which explains - WTFH at the end ?
 I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED IN HAVING TO LISTEN TO THE VERBAL BANTER FROM THE CAST WHILE VIEWING THE MOVIE . THIS BANTER WAS ANNOYING & DISTRACTING . CAROL C.
 So , did you like the original Descent ? Well , just imagine a less good version of that , and you 've saved yourself an hour and a half ! Adding more blood does not make a movie more tension-filled movie . Sorry , try again . Actually , DO N'T ! The Descent was a great horror movie with a damn good satisfying horror movie ending . The fact that Sarah never escaped the cave and just gave up while seeing visions of her dead daughter was scary ! From the beginning of this movie on , it completely takes away from that dreadful conclusion . They just completely dumb it down .
 Some people in a cave with a monster . That 's about it with nothing of any interest happening . They seem to crank out these movies with no idea on how to make a horror movie .
 There only redeeming part in this movie was for the second at the end where the female cop gets hit in the face with a shovel . I highly recommend you spend your money on something other than this , or it 's prequel , `` Descent '' .
 It was not that good . It was such a let down compared to the 1st one , and especially considering what they could have done with it . Jeez ! There were major plot holes , and the acting is really quite bad , and the dialogue , my God , I had my hand over my face . Some amazing gore and action sequences , but there is not one thing in this film that was not in the first one . We were looking fwd to this since 2006 when the 1st film came out and we saw it in the theater maybe 5 times . I knew it was a done deal when it went straight to DVD . I knew not to expect too much , but even still , I am very disappointed in this film . I can only hope Neil Marshall returns to helm the 3rd one and save the whole thing from certain death .
 I do n't care what they said in `` Scream , '' I want a REASON for a villain to do something . Yes , the crawlers are hunting food . The old man , however , seemed to have no reason for what he did to the deputy at the end of the movie.I was pleased that Juno survived the first movie , but this did little to correct the horrible ending of this one .
 Ohhh , the disapointment . This might have worked better as a stand-alone film with different characters -LRB- or not -RRB- but The Descent 2 is light years away from the well-crafted first film . There was no tension , the characters do stupid things , and the monster design changed for the worse . The second film is supposed to take place 2 days later , so why would the Crawlers look different ? Yeesh.If you like cave creepy-crawly movies this might work for you , but I felt like I wasted my time .
 Some remakes are great . This is not one of them.Aside from one surprise , the movie is pretty predictable and slow moving . It misses the storyline and character development of the first which made that movie all the more powerful . The sequel appeared to have been made because the first was so successful . Should have left what was dormant in the cave alone .
 A big disappointing ` cheat ' from incredulous start to the `` say what '' ending.To sum it up , a demoralizing blood bath and an exercise in utter futility . What was the writer thinking ? I know , let 's use the first script as a blueprint . Lets take 6 people down below . Yeah , great , 6 was the magic number in the first movie , 6 will work again I tell you . Let 's have them deal with another cave-in , let 's split them up , let 's have the blue men track and eat them ... What ? It 's been done before ? Oh wait , yeah , that would be me . Trust me , they 'll never notice.What a cynical way to make a movie , cobble together a few cliches , attach a big price , and move onto The Decent part 3 when the next search party goes down . Ca n't use the mine again so let 's use a well!I will say the introduction of an idiot sheriff was a novel addition . As if kidnapping a patient from a hospital is perfectly legal . And when he handcuffed her to himself just before a dangerous crossing ... Watching this movie helped me make the decision to get rid of both.So little room , so many better horror movies to buy and keep .
 I lovedThe Descent -LRB- Original Unrated Cut -RRB- -LSB- Widescreen Edition -RSB- , Neil Marshall is one of my favorite writers / directors working today . Yes , hes is old school horror and he can get a bit predictable , but overall his films are original in their own way . This one ... is not . It didnt need to be made , but coming off the HUGE buzz and money the first one created , one can expect hollywood to plop a sequel in our laps and expect us to eat it as a dessert after the amazing first course . Warning , it will give you indigestion and not in a `` wow that was gorey scary ! '' kind of way , more like the `` I am sad someone had to get up in the morning and film this '' kind of way.This begins basically at the end of the first film , and now our girl sarah who just survived a hellish creature filled massacre of her friends is in the hospital and the local sheriff and his band of cave explorers are looking for the rest of her party . Somehow they get her to go back in there with them , they tried to make it seem as if she didnt friggin remember what happened and so yeah ... she goes with them willingly . I had a hard time buying that hole in the plot . I understand Post traumatic stress induced memory loss , but to use that as a carrier to get her back in ? just sad , and boring , and sad again.We all know what is down there , what is gon na happen , we know at this point that the creatures who are blind but can hear awesomely will hone in on this group and clickity clack and climb the walls and then pounce and tear open throats . Then all heck will happen , people will separate and try to find a way out . Oh and guarantee there will be a cave in . I knew all this , because it was in the first one , and since this is just an echo ... it makes it a tired old copy of the same scenes.I wont spoil it for anyone , but i beg of you if you loved the first one , dont watch this one . its not worth it .
 I saw this movie recently after I stumbled upon a torrent of it . The fact that it 's not getting a theatrical release is bad enough , to make matters worse I 'd have had to wait until it gets released on Blu-Ray . So after the torrent took two days of downloading , I finally got around to watching it . Now before I begin , let me make a comparison here.In my review of the first movie , I titled the movie `` amazing '' . Now when I heard there would be a second one , I got incredibly excited for it and could n't wait . So I waited and waited , and when it came out in the UK , I had heard from an Irish buddy that it was a terrible movie . I thought , `` Geez he ca n't be serious . '' Well , having seen it , it turns out that he was being generous.I had also read reviews before the movie got released , positive ones , and all of them said something to the effect of `` Be kind on the director who made it ; it was his first movie , obviously he is n't that experienced in the directing world '' , and those comments seemed suspicious . Well I had every reason to be suspicious of those comments after reading them - they 're simply over-apologetic . Just because a movie is a director 's first does n't mean I will excuse it - it depends on the quality . Plus also judging a person 's first film by saying `` be kind because it 's his first '' is total BS . There have been several amazing directorial debuts . Eraserhead , Sin Nombre , Whip It , I can name a few.Almost nothing works in this movie . To say the plot is almost fanfiction level is an understatement ; to say it is ridiculous is more like it . Basically Sarah has escaped the cave after seeming to be trapped down there forever at the end of the first movie , and is treated at the hospital . She apparently does n't remember what happened and because of it , has to return to the cave with a search party to locate the bodies of her team when , well , the first movie happens again.Trust me guys , while the plot might not read like a bad fanfiction from my description , it does in the movie . Another thing the movie is guilty of is pretending the first movie did n't happen . Well , it did . We were there when it did . We saw it . Almost the exactly same things happen . The characters in this movie are embarassingly cliche and nowhere near as charming as the ones in the first movie . What 's the biggest disappointment is the return of Juno . WHAT a wasted opportunity ! I was excited because she was the best in the first movie . But no , she was almost a female John McClane on steroids in this movie , and it was just embarrassing . And the sexy Natalie Mendoza 's performance was horrible too.The scary scenes/crawlie bits sucked too . It seemed that Jon went to some idiot
 The Descent did n't need a sequel . It was a pitch-perfect horror film , one of the best I 've seen in the last decade or longer , that incorporated high amounts of tension , a desperate struggle , some amazing jump-out-of-your-skin scares , great characters that you actually cared about and just the right amount of gore . I loved that film . Its original UK ending was also such a great , sad and interesting way to close it out . But apparently , The Descent
 Against my better judgment I picked up this direct to video sequel at Fry 's for $ 20 . Well , that 's $ 20 that would have been better spent using as toilet paper , it certainly would have proven more useful.The first Descent was easily one of my most favorite horror movies ever , it was original , well acted , and extremely well done . It was a horror movie that reaffirmed what I have always said , you do n't need a huge budget to make a great horror flick , as the Descent was certainly made on a modest budget . I own the special edition which contains both endings , and I MUCH prefer the original ending than the US ending . Supposedly Americans would n't be able to handle the darker , more depressing ending of the original , so they pulled a Spielberg on the ending and had the main character escape the caves . This Descent II begins where the US version ends . As I never do in my reviews of movies , I 'm not going to get into the plot because someone else has covered that already I 'm sure . What I will say is this movie stunk for the following reasons :1 . It was completely unbelievable Sarah would be dragged back down into the cave system she escaped from in her obviously traumatized and wounded state .2 . Once down there , as she finally gets her memory back , shows absolutely no emotion at having been dragged back down into that hell . Instead she becomes Rambo woman , clams up and goes into kick ass crawler mode . I do n't know , were it me , I would have let the idiots who dragged me back down there have a piece of my mind for doing so , and then let them know of the extreme danger they 're in and what they 're facing .3 . Speaking of idiots , as in the rescue group , they 're unremarkable characters , with zero character development and thus zero emotional attachment to any of them . In the first movie we send quite a bit of time with the ladies before they ever enter the caves , and thus through proper character development form a bond with all of them . Therefore their deaths become all the more tragic . Not in this movie though , I felt absolutely nothing when these characters were killed off .4 . As is usually the case with an untalented director and writer , lots of blood and gore was substituted for a well directed , well written movie . As gory as the first movie was , this one significantly ups the ante , with fountains of blood due to crushed heads , ripped out jugular veins , severed hands , and various other gruesome deaths . There was even a defecation scene thrown in for good measure to make sure we were sufficiently grossed out , if we were n't already by that point . Lots of gore and blood does not a good horror movie make , without all of that other important `` stuff '' like a good plot , a good script , a good director , good character development , and good actors .5 . The surprise appearance of a character from the first film is beyond ridiculous . It 's like the director was grasping at straws to make the movie `` good , '' and so decided to bring back a character from the first film who 's chances of surviving was a million to one . Really it should n't take a stretch to figure out who I 'm talking about , and yes , if you 're nodding your head in disbelief saying to yourself `` there is no way she would have lived to make it to a second movie , '' that 's exactly what I was thinking when she appears . Not only did she survive , but she was cruising around like nothing ever happened to her , even though she was barely able to walk in the last scene we see her in from part one .6 . The ending , oh the ending , I do n't think I have ever seen a more stupid and pointless ending ever . Enough said about that.I 'm going to pretend I never saw this film so as not to tarnish my memory of the amazing first film . Actually , the only version I watch is the UK version , and in that one there could be no Descent part 2 , so really I had no business even watching this film . But , curiosity got the better of me , and the lost $ 20 and two hours of my time serves me right for going against my better judgment buying this movie in the first place . Please , if you 're a Descent fan , and especially a fan of the original ending , do not make the same mistake I did . Or if you 're still itching to see this movie maybe you 'll be the lucky one who buys my used copy from Movie Trading Company , where it 's going tomorrow .
 A misfire with only a few bright moments . With the writer/director of the original film producing this one , why did n't he clean up the awful script ? So much goes wrong here - the lead character has zero depth here and goes from zombie to Ms Rambo - a character who has absolutely zero chance of living in the first film ... umm ... survives for part 2 . Instead of being a surprising twist it was an '' oh come on , you 're kidding '' moment . The new movie focuses on gore instead of suspense and intensity . The stupendously horrible last minute `` twist '' ending that makes no sense . Bad acting , bad writing , it is surprising the movie is such a mess , and a shame . Avoid as if it were the plague .
 The original movie , The Descent , blew me away . The sequel ? not so much . Not really worth making , either . This movie did not come close to capturing the atmosphere and excellent characterization of the first , and without those , the story comes across as just silly . The ending was ridiculous . The characters from the first movie who appear in this one are just one-dimensional this time around and not even remotely likable . The new characters appear to have been added only so that there would be a respectable body count , along with adding a vaguely plausible excuse to get the blonde lady to go back into the cave -LRB- which , obviously , she would not have done on her own . Even she is n't that crazy -RRB- . All I can say is that if you want to see random fighting , caves , and running around screaming , go ahead and rent it . If you want something more , watch something else .
 They really should have left this alone . I thought the first movie was really a well made atmospheric horror . The Descent 2 just tries to milk the concept for another movie . Well if you have seen the first movie then you know there were two different endings , a dark ending with the main character not escaping and the U.S. version which had the girl escape . This movie uses the U.S. ending and picks right up with the girl escaping and being rescued . But the local law enforcement wants to know what happened to the other girls and our heroin from the first movie is in shock and not talking . So of course they would drag an injured half catatonic girl back down to the caves with only a handful of people and have no one waiting at the surface in constant communication . The movie has such flawed logic that it really kills the picture . Another big problem is the creatures . You constantly see the creatures now , so the mystery and the scares from the first are gone . These are just hundreds and monsters chasing them now . Special effects are noticeable worse in this film as opposed to the first . I thought they looked very fake . What saved this from a one star review was the dark little ending which actually makes no sense , but it was at least fun .
 Caves were too light . Lost the scare factor.Creatures were shown too much and too clearly . Again , lost the scare factor.Acting was really bad . Did n't even have enough shots of pretty girls to make up for it ... as could be claimed of the first one ; - -RRB- Way too many cliches - Juno 's expressions were so over the top it was laughable.Zero surprises.All in all , just plain awful!The first one was good enough to own . This one is n't good enough to receive for free ! Trash .
 What a bunch of idiots ! This was tragic and the ending makes me gag . There was enough stupidity to cover the whole world twice . I gave this a 2 instead of 1 because there were some shocking moments . Watch at your own peril because u will regret it .
 The Descent is a kick a ** movie . However , I refuse to watch Descent 2 . Why ?? As you should know , if you saw the uncut original Descent , Sarah Does NOT make it out of the Cave . She dies in the cave . So how can you have a Descent 2 with the person who died in the cave?In the Theatrical Descent , she wakes up in the car , but that is reversed or explained in the Original Uncut ending , that it was a Dream and she woke up in the cave . Her last vision being her Dead Daughters Brithday.You can not reverse something that you already explained in the original Uncutversion that adds on to the theatrical Version . That is like having a double do-over or a reversal of a reversal which would take you back to the double negative making it a positive.why do n't you go make a Gone with the Wind 2
 Although the theatrical `` Descent '' franchise has the exact title to Jeff Longs Book and some huge similarities it IS NOT based on his trilogy !! If he does n't sue these people I will be extremeley disappointed because I would love to see movies made based on his books ! The humanoid demon like creatures are there in the cave and the old man even talks about the legend that the mine connects to a cave that leads to hell in the second movie , but there it sadly kind of ends . Yes Jeff Longs books would be more epic action adventure first with a large dose of horror but much more intelligent and creative than these films . I just ca n't like them . If you want to like them do n't read Jeff Longs books first . If you wa n't to be scared a few times with in an hour and a half then watch the movies . If you want to be terrified of ever going underground again then read the books ! It is really too bad what has happened here and perhaps Jeff Long ca n't sue since it was made in another country , but I hope he can sue the American distributers !
 -LSB- The following review contains spoilers for those who have not seen the original `` The Descent . '' -RSB- There are so many sequels made in Hollywood . Here is one from the UK film industry . It is only natural that producers consider turning successful films into a franchise with sequels and spin-offs . Though I am not against the idea itself , `` The Descend
 I start off saying I love the horror/sci fi generes . I love the stupid demonic toys movies so this is saying something.If you 've seen the Descent with the original ending you know this movie is an impossibility.The Descent is in my top 5 favorite movies you cant get much more pyscological than that . In the first its dark just their lights really gives you the sense that you 're with them as they desend further . In the sequel they went to a cave created by disney its that bright , I hope if we ever have to live underground its that bright . The acting is horrible worse than Candyman 3 and we all know how hard that was to watch.The deaths are boring we dont know or care about any characters Shauna McDonald is back I dont know why money I guess SPOILER SPOILER ALERT so is Juno tell me how thats possible.I bought it for a total of 6 bucks one penny is too much if you can get it for free nevermind dont waste your time trust me on this it took me months to find someone to buy it for .50 cents.If you like the descent or Neil Marshalls way of filming I would check out Dog Soldiers really good .
 REPETITIVE !!!!!!!!! So , that equals BORING ! Blood looked like a pink tomato paste . I cant even write a good review on this trash
 Not really worth the time to give a review but here goes . I give it 1 star only because 1/2 a star is n't an option . The movie lacks substance , vision , and execution . The lead character has amnesia , is under suspicion of harming her friends , and should be under a physicians care yet they bring her along to help look for her friends ... ok . It gets sillier from there . An ok film if you have super low expectations and provide Mystery Science Theater commentary with your friends otherwise not worth the time . The only redeeming thing is that it was free .
 **************************************************************************************************************** Warning
 I would n't recommend buying this movie until you 've seen it first because it 's not as good as the first one !
 I love the fist one ; what a well done movie ! `` Then came part 2 '' Has you start to watch this one you see the magic start slipping away , descending down a dark hole . There are characters you really like and decent actors . the writers of this should stayed in a hole . The ending made no sense whatsoever . I feel these writers had no more ideas so they said '' Hey lets trash this '' Sorry my friends you need to go back to creative writing school and learn how to write . I could of written a better script then this.If you must know what happens from the first go for it . But I loved the ending of the first it made your mind wonder . Just remember it took two writers to for this one . i think Hollywood is slipping .
 I had seen the first Descent before and actually watched it again just prior to seeing part 2 ; so I was set up and ready for the follow-through . I was really okay with it , I knew that it would be a slow slaughter one at a time -LRB- usually -RRB- of those who did n't know what they were getting into . Sarah is forced back underground by a Sheriff who thinks she could have harmed the group single-handedly , -LRB- she 's covered in blood -RRB- she is also suffering from amnesia ; a point he ignores . They are looking for Juno , now a Senators niece which is to justify the news media and pressure on the Sheriff to DO SOMETHING NOW.So the blood fest begins shortly after they go down into a mine shaft that leads -LRB- conveniently -RRB- to the cave system the girls are thought to be lost in . One old , former miner tells them about when they found the caves ; his grandfather went to investigate and never came back . People never listen.Now we have a 3 member , experienced cave SAR team , the Sheriff -LRB- stereotyped Southerner shame on them -RRB- and his black female deputy , smart , capable and totally sympathetic to Sarah . The Sheriff is a jackass who wo n't leave his gun topside ; but they needed that ruse to set up the cave-in that traps them in with the creepers . So we 're basically back to the Descent 1 ... less hormones more testosterone -LRB- which is NEVER a good thing.As I said , now the slaughter begins , and it 's more splatter , more gross in-your-face gore than the first movie and that IMHO is n't really necessary . But , if that 's your thing you wo n't be disappointed . I did appreciate that it fully showed we girls can kick some serious tail when push comes to shove . No simpering whining females here . The action is fast paced , with a few surprises and the same gut-wrenching , claustrophobic buried alive moments that tightens the sphincters on normal folks . -LRB- No spelunker here ! -RRB- Then we 're down to three and I wo n't tell you who and it 's full on human v creepers war at the escape hole and only one is getting out.Now , my biggest problem with this movie is the ending . I wo n't spoil it , but I hated it . I know some would deride me for wanting a ` happy ending ' , well how could it be happy when all these people died ? I do n't know , but like some movies it 's just better to stop it before that final scene , and for that final scene I took off a star and a half .
 I do n't want to waste my energy on this crappy film except to say that if you loved the original as much as I did , do NOT waste your time on this sequel . I have n't seen such an unlikable cast since The Strangers ; I felt more empathy for the creatures . Remember the great visuals in the original ? They 're gone in this film . The start of the sequel did n't match up with either of the endings of the original , and I challenge anyone to explain the meaning behind the ending of the sequel . Seriously , it would have made just as much sense if one of the creatures had ripped his own face off to reveal Chucky . Meaningless ending to a truly meaningless film.I was going to conclude this mini-review with a comparison of this movie to any of Uwe Boll 's , but frankly , Uwe has recently created several films that are far and away better than this one . With complete honesty , I recommend `` Rampage '' , `` Stoic '' , or `` Attack on Darfur '' over this dreck . .
 I have done a bit of caving , and so I bought the uncut original movie as I liked the premise . Six women go into an all but unknown/forgotten cave system . The first half of the film had real character developement and real spelunking . You had a sense of total isolation , which of course adds greatly to the atmosphere of the film . It is a good suspenseful film . Not a great film , but 3-1/2 to 4 stars . As I am not a big fan of horror movies , that is a very good rating from me . Six women went in to the cave , none came out ... In Descent 2 , they take an elevator . They run into some annoying little flesh-eaters and the obligatory blood fest begins . Sound simple ? It is . There is no more suspense than your average `` what 's around the next corner ? '' scenario . There are a few `` unlikely '' plot twists that hurt more than help . Personally , I do n't feel it 's worth watching , but there seem to be quite a few people that do . Praise be to Netflix ...
 If you check out my Amazon Listmania List of 19 Flicks That Will Leave a Permanent Impression , you 'll see that I name Neil Marshall 's 2005 filmThe Descentas `` one of the best monster movies of the decade '' . Indeed it was.The Descent was masterfully done
 The main protagonist of The Descent , Sarah , does not make it out alive in the first movie . Yet , somehow , she is alive for this sequel . The film is n't bad on it 's own , but it comes with a back story that renders this one impossible . Had Sarah survived the first film , it would not have been even half as poignant . If she survives in some alternate `` get me a sequel '' corporate boardroom universe , there is a lucrative sequel . Hollywood has stooped to new lows here and , at the same time , made a pretty entertaining flick . Confusing .
 I understand Horror Movies ca n't Be Horror Movies without twists and turns and even Yes Awful Endings ! I think this Movie was Wrong , The Ending is what Makes me give this 1 star , Just the Ending , The Movie as a whole is 2 stars-3 in a half , The Descent was A Way Better Movie .
 I had quite high hopes for The Descent - Part 2 asThe Descent -LRB- Original Unrated Cut -RRB- -LSB- Widescreen Edition -RSB- was one of the most claustrophobic and terrifying films that I can remember from recent years . It continues just minutes after the first film and a rescue crew are ready to find any possible survivors from the caving expedition that went horrifically wrong . The sole survivor , Sarah , is discovered but is suffering from severe psychological trauma and is therefore unable to speak or remember what happened . . She accompanies the rescue team back to the cave she has just emerged from , but the creatures that live down there are hungry once again.After a very slow and unexciting start , the last half an hour or so is very tense and again , very claustrophobic , so it did satisfy me with regards to sticking fairly close to the original 's winning formula . Unfortunately where this film failed though was that we 'd been there before and seen what is down there , so the whole unknown territory and unexpected horrors that made the first film so shocking was taken away somewhat as there was no real surprises or twists that I did n't see coming . Another thing that made me knock a few stars off -LRB- like with many horror sequels -RRB- is that the characters from the previous film now appear to be experts on the monsters , even though they had only been in their presence for a few minutes previously and only a day has supposed to have passed . Juno 's characters was particularly bad to the point where I actually laughed out loud as she is become some Lara Croft-like action hero overnight , removing a lot of the realism the original had . The monsters are seen a lot more too and are the main focus of the storyline , rather than it being more about surviving in the caves . The ending annoyed me a lot too as it was how it ended was completely unnecessary did n't really make much sense.I know this sounds like more of a rant than a review , but I think I 'm just disappointed at how this is has turned into a fairly generic horror film , which is a shame as the first film felt so original and set a new standard , whereas this is nothing different from any other monster movie really . It 's worth a watch if you 're a fan of the original but is nowhere near as good so just do n't expect anything special here .
 If you are going to make a sequel , how about a good story . Instead we have the survivor of the first ordeal , rescued and her memory gone . So , along with some police , and some climbers , they go back in and pretty much the same things happen over and over from the first movie . It 's so dark you barely make out anyone 's face , the flashlights keep breaking and people do stupid things.The ending comes out of nowhere , which I wo n't give away but makes no sense and sets it up for another sequel .
 This is more of the same old new crappy horror where it tortures you for two hrs only for everyone to die .
 I actually dozed off watching this ! I was a bit disappointed because unlike other cooking shows , he was n't very good at giving instructions/directions about how to make something . For example , when I watch a show on the Food Network , like Rachael Ray , Sunny Anderson , Sandra Lee , Paula Deen , Ina Garten , Giada De Laurentiis , etc. those shows do an excellent job of walking you through the recipe step by step . I found that while Gordon Ramsay 's other shows are very entertaining , what with him shouting and cursing out the staff in their kitchens , when it comes to directing an audience on how to cook a meal , he 's very lacking . He seem to have been talking about other things instead of telling the viewer what he was doing . For example , while he was cooking up the ham , he was telling the audience stories . I wanted to know what he was doing to the ham !
 The film was originally shot in the 2.35:1 aspect ratio . But this 2005 DVD release from Troma Entertainment presents the film in a 1.66:1 aspect ratio print cropped directly from the `` pan and scan '' full-screen print that was made for VHS releases . The film has never been seen in its original 2.35:1 aspect ratio since its theatrical release .
 BEWARE THE TRANSFER IT 'S STILL HORRIBLE AND THE ENCODING OF THE DVD HAS PLENTY OF DIGITAL ARTIFACTS . LOOKS TROMA JUST RIPPED OFF THE OZ DVD , I 'LL CHECK ABOUT THIS AND POST MORE , AFTER I 'LL GRAB THE OZ SPECIAL EDITION . I WAS MISLEAD HERE CAUZ ' I THOUGHT THAT THEY GOT THE NEW MATERIALS CREATED DOWN THERE , AND CAUZ ' THEY HAD HERE EVEN A DIRECTOR 'S INTRO.BY THE WAY BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK I 'LL TRY TO BE REFUNDED .
 I 'm like watching this movie and its like I 'm just bored or something . Its like it looks like a really bad transfer on DVD , bad picture quality , and like bad sound etc. . The story is like not really that good and the movie is like totally slow and gets real boring like .
 Unfortunately this is yet another poor quality release of the film.I was hoping for the best & it 's just simply as bad as the worst . Yes it has some of the cut out scenes . But let 's get real this whole marketing of the film because of a few edited scenes is so 1980 's . It 's not a horror film & it 's not a porno!It 's a great great `` classic '' film and hopefully somebody somewhere gets the original print and transfers it to a high quality DVD , for region one , in it 's entirety including the prolog & narrations . Until then the best version of the film we can see in the US is on IFC channel .
 Wow in this film Michelle Yeoh shows that she is an amazing martial artist !! The movie itself was just so-so though . It 's about how her character is trying to rescue a city leader -LRB- in Mongolia I think -RRB- from the Japanese . It did n't really feel like an adventure , as one might assume from her Indiana Jones-esque character . Plot was passable - not nearly as gripping as I would have liked , and the pacing left me bored at times . So despite Michelle Yeoh 's awesome fighting and charismatic acting , this movie was just OK .
 All in the subject . One of the worse DVD coding i have ever seen . A real pity , because this movie is excellent .
 I two-dayed ordered this item and when I tracked it , amazon told me it had been delivered to my front door but it had not . I was very angered because I needed it for a birthday . Amazon reshipped it and was late for the birthday I needed it for .
 This movie is dreary and depressing , with no redeeming features , other than the small role played by James Coburn . The action is improbable and the plot is idiotic , and I am a big fan of good action movies .
 I was very disappointed with Payback . I knew going in it was n't a blockbuster or anything super ; but I did expect to be somewhat entertained . What I got was a slow-moving , anticlimactic , bored-fest . One of the worst movies I 've ever seen - well , almost saw . I could n't watch it past 30-35 minutes . I turned it off !
 I am very disappointed in this movie . It is not the standard ending that I have viewed in other distributions . It really cuts the story short and was a great let-down . If you have not seen the movie , you probably wo n't notice , but if you have , be aware of this ...
 I was n't that impressed with this film . I guess it 's just a `` guy '' film and a little too coarse for my taste .
 The movie was really disappointing . Slow to start . Bizarre dialogue sapped my attention . Dumb plot line . I turned if off after 35 minutes . There are so many better movies out there .
 For anyone who has seen the theatrical release of this movie , I expect this would be a real let-down . There were a lot of disappointing differences in this director 's cut . The audio has changed . The gray filter on the visuals is gone . Porter 's film noir voice-over is gone . The `` third act '' is completely different . The dog does n't live . Those were all things I loved about the theatrical version . The original ending is very weak . I feel sorry that Helgeland 's art originally got hijacked so execs could make more money off of it , but at the same time , I 'm happy that it was made into a better movie for it . !! SPOILER !! SPOILER !! Helgeland 's third act makes no sense at all anyway . Why would you send ten or so people to kill Porter where he asks for the money to be sent if you were going to give him the money ? Why would you send the money if you were going to have him killed ? Does that make any sense at all ?
 I love Mel Gibson films and I usually love shoot-em-up adventures , but this one fails miserably . While there is plenty of action , there is no discernable plotline and the violence has no purpose beyond a vehicle for Mel Gibson on a rampage and a job for the special effects guys . There are very few films I have ever truely disliked , but my husband and I were in seperate theaters , and we both walked out on it and demanded a refund .
 Seldom does a movie have such gratititous violence , offensive portrayals of virtually every stereostype you can think of , and absolutely no dramatic tension . The only other movie that I 've seen that has ever come close to being this horrible is BAD LIEUTENANT . The all-star cast -LRB- male , of course -RRB- should have their heads examined for being in such a loser picture .
 This film is so boring , that you will fall asleep after latest 30 minutes . There is less action , a stupide story , bad talking . The most used word in this film is f**k ! This is the worst movie I have seen up to now from Mel Gibson .
 Quite possibly one of the worst movies ever made . Dreary setting ; all the characters are crooks , hookers , and/or junkies ; most of the dialogue is foul language ; Gibson beats someone up , gets beat up , or shoots someone in virtually every scene . Only the scriptwriter knows the body count for this ugly , trashy movie .
 Any of the respect Gibson earned as a legitimate actor was quashed for me when he decided to star in this horrible , violent , pathetic movie ! For a start , do you really care about any of the characters in this movie ? Let me ask you the question another way ? Do you feel any love for the drug-dealers , prostitutes , perverts , killers , rapists , thieves or any of the other low-life scum that make our cities the `` beautiful '' places that they are ? This film seems to expect you to ! There is no one you can really care for , but even so , after the first half of the film , which is just a glorification of mindless violence -LRB- and we wonder why kids are getting so violent !!! -RRB- , in the most unsubtle and unbelieveble way possible , the story tries to make up place our sympathy with Mel and his call-girl `` friend '' . No . it just does n't wash ! The first half seems serious in a way , but the second half just degenerated into parody ! It starts to get so ridiculous , what with all the things Mel goes through to get back his 70 grand , when he could have much more . What sort of a criminal is he anyway ? Not a very bright one by any means ! A total disappointment . Put any lesser-known actors and actrices in this and you know that this would n't have made it anywhere.Poorly directed , pooly acted mindless violence ! Oh , and another thing , just because it has Gibson , Coburn and a couple of other well known faces in it , that does NOT make it a good film . But what the hell ! Watch it just to see how right I am !
 it wasnt that much of a bore but this movie quickly drops with its nagging supportees and their dumb dialouge . but Gibson is great and looks like hes having a good time killing off these people then you 'd think . the highlight is when Gibson visits James Coburn at his place and makes the bagcarries hold up the suitcases and then he shoots them , Coburn flips out and its great . some good action scenes , but Gregg Henry sorta puts the kick in kicked in the head , though I was greatful Gibson shot him in the head .
 Short but sweet . If you are looking for self indulgent director droppings , buy this DVD . The theatrical release was tight and relentless . I prefer it . One of the first times I preferred studio version to director version , but I did . It 's going to be a matter of taste . I wish I had rented , rather than bought . I would advise you do the same - they are two very different movies .
 Having owned and lost the DVD version of the original , I replaced it with the `` Director 's Cut '' and was disappointed . Apparently I do n't know a good movie when I see one , because I thought the original was head and shoulders better . In fact , I 've just ordered the original to replace the `` Director 's Cut '' . The original held my attention from beginning to end , while the director 's cut allowed a few trips to the kitchen while the plot thickened . The new ending was a disappointment and did n't give the same closure as the original . Viva la Original !
 I rented this Blu-Ray release because it had been quite some time since I saw Payback -LRB- I own it on VHS , but that 's collecting dust somewhere in storage by now -RRB- . Long story short , if you watch the extras -LRB- as I did just to figure out what the heck happened to the movie -RRB- then you 'll learn that this movie has changed hands many times over and apparently this is what the Director had originally intended.Personally , I like the original version much more than whatever this mish mashed remix edition amounts to as it equated to a much fuller story . I know it was more over the top but the movie itself was over the top to begin with so why not at least be consistent in that regard instead of trying to get serious at the end . I wo n't ruin it for anyone . . suffice to say that if you are looking for the Payback you saw in theaters , this is not it . It is something much different and I did n't enjoy it at all.Side Note
 This movie is not even close to the first . I was extremely disappointed . I wish I would not have wasted the money .
 Normally `` the director 's cut '' will contain a few deleted scenes and the like . Not this time.The original director was sent packing during filming , some script doctoring happened , and some new scenes were shot . The result was a fun B movie , well worth a watch.This is the movie that the original director produced . It contains many of the same scenes . However , it 's much more dark , and much less plausible . Implausible I can live with if a movie is trying to be a joy-ride . This movie was n't a joy of any sort .
 Did n't like this as well as the original version . Ending was way different and I liked Kristofferson in the original release .
 The original theatrical version of this move was -LRB- and still is -RRB- in my personal top 25 . All I can say about the director 's cut is that Brian Helgeland could n't have screwed it up more if he intentionally tried -LRB- and I 'm not so sure that he did n't -RRB- . The first two thirds of the movie are more or less the same and the character development is adequate . But he totally destroyed what was a clever and entertaining ending and replaced it with short-cut tripe . For anyone who has not seen this movie yet , I strongly recommend the original theatrical version . It occurs to me that this version may be nothing more than an attempt to make more money from the same film , but they could have done that anyway by relasing the original on Blu-ray . I would have bought it , I wo n't now . Now that I have already purchase this garbage !
 I greatly enjoyed the theatrical version of Payback . After watching the Director 's Cut of Payback , I can see why major changes were made in the final release . Do n't waste your money purchasing the Director 's Cut .
 This is quite frankly one of the worst movies ever . The plot is almost non-existent , the characters are completely unbelievable , and the setting is so dark and gloomy you have to wonder why no-one turned the lights on!Though I am usually a Mel Gibson fan this has to rank as his worst movie to date ! Avoid it at all costs !
 I loved the original theatrical release . I picked up this blu-ray figuring I would watch this over and over . I WILL NOT ! Absolutely the worst `` Director 's Cut '' ever . They completely changed the story line and eliminated several characters . The new version is awful ! DO NOT BUY THIS BLU-RAY !!
 The plot just did n't grab me . However the acting and camera work was fine . Just an OK movie for killing some time .
 My brother and I love the theatrical cut because of the dark humor throughout the film . To the director 's cut credit , we always thought the kidnapping part of the rich son was stupid . So we watched this D.C. last night and we were both disappointed . My problem w / the d.c. is that eliminates a lot of the dark humor . The new score is a more serious one which does n't mix well with the exsiting parts that were funny or the subtle things all the actors did to give it a `` smart-a ** '' feel . The new voice over for Kris Kristoffersen 's character , Bronson , is done by a woman . The new scene with William Devane -LRB- Jack Bauer 's nemesis -RRB- & Porter on the phone with Bronson , does n't work for me . She sounds like grandma acting ticked off rather than a `` head boss '' . It gets dumber when she 's on speakerphone w / James Coburn . She 's says Porter has hit the `` end of the road '' and will go nowhere in one breath . Then Porter shoots the alligator bags , while Bronson thinks it was Fairfax , and then she just gives in and says Ok , you win pretty much . Again , another `` smart-a ** '' Porter part they cut was the toe torture scene.The ending is totally different . I did n't mind the newer one but it was the `` everyday '' shootout . I miss the old phone trick and him blowing the car up with ciggy . I do n't see how the theatrical cut was any happier but for us it was funnier & a little less melodramatic.On the HD-DVD side of things
 They destroyed the 1999 version , which is much better . I but director 's cut thinking that I would get more , but I got less , it is like 11 minutes of less movies and change characters and removed interesting scenes .
 My wife bought this for me for x-mas as a replacement dvd for the original vhs version thinking that it was the same movie with the usual couple of cutting room floor scenes added -- WRONG ! A totally different movie . Missing is the great voiceover by Mel , the dark humour of the original script replaced and from about the halfway point on a completely different plot . It ends up being what goes in Hollywood today for an action movie , that is , blood-letting and killing with a terrible script , lousy dialogue and cardboard characters . The original taut little gem of a movie ends up being a bloated mess . If I could give it zero stars I would . Do yourself a favor and stick with the original production .
 I had Payback on DVD ... it is still one of my favorite Mel Gibson movies . I picked up the HD-DVD for cheap a while back and only just got around to watching it today . I assumed since I had it on HD-DVD that I could sell my DVD version on eBay , so I did . Now I 'm stuck with this crappy version of the movie . I have to say the Director 's Cut absolutely ruins the movie . It 's shorter and it ruins the end of the movie . It is not the same movie and in no way can I recommend buying the Director 's Cut . Buy it on DVD or wait for them to re-release it on Bluray either in a dual format -LRB- theatrical + director 's -RRB- or just the theatrical version . Most times the Director 's Cut is a decent improvement , or at least it does n't do enough to really change the movie at all . This is not one of those times . Do NOT buy the director 's cut in any format if you want to see the good movie that made it past the cutting room floor .
 Anyone looking for the theatrical version needs to look elsewhere . There is so much different with this movie that it should have a different title . Yes it has Mel Gibson in it and he lost his half of the money , and that 's it . The music , the inner monologue , even the outfit boss ; all different . Maybe some will like it , but I can see why the movie studio did not let this director keep directing .
 I LOVE Payback ... the theatrical release . One of the scenes that stand out the most to me - is when Mel gets his toes crushed by a sledge hammer . This version ... does not have that . In fact there are a couple people that he kills in the theatrical version - that dont die in this one . This version was a disappoinment to say the least .
 They destroyed a great movie with a horrible ending . They could have at least included both endings . `` The Real '' movie is one of my favorite movies of all time . Now , I am really regreting purchasing this movie . I really want to stress to everyone that they completely ruined the movie . I almost took the disc out and broke it after I watched it thats how horribly disgusted I was after watching this piece of trash . They should be ashamed of themselves for destroying an awesome movie .
 The ending for the Theatrical release of Payback is much better than the Director 's Cut . To top that off the Director 's Cut does not even contain the Theatrical release ending . Wish I could return it for the Theatrical release , but I 'll just have to buy the Theatrical release and dump this somewhere else ...
 Ca n't believe Mel Gibson signed up for this one . Hope his paycheck was hefty . Never seen a flick with more cigarette smoking and cheesy dialogue in my life . Ludicrous all the way around . There are enough explosions to satisfy Beavis and Butthead.Hey , Mel , tell your agent you want to go back to doing quality work . All the bills are paid now .
 Please do not believe a single word of the official review above . There is a good reason that they took the movie away and changed it - this version is awful . I was a huge fan of the original , which was an excellent neo-noir that had edges both in the noir-ish violence and the great dark humor . It was a dark , funny , generally awesome movie . This version takes out the great music , and somehow makes all the characters just feel less lively . The whole thing drags . If there is any justice in the world , they will re release the original theater cut .
 well whats up with the blue light through the whole movie ? ok , i thought mel was supposed to be the `` bad guy '' , he seems more of a anti-hero than bad guy . this movie is really boring , i was expecting mel to be a evil mo fo going around getting even , well thats what it is but mel is just not evil and kills only if shot at , what a wuss . and he has a stupid girlfriend i do n't care about , some bad guy . the movie is slow and boring considering mel is not the `` bad guy '' he was advertised to be and when it finally picks up and gets violent it ends .
 1st , I never even knew there were 2 versions of this movie , the original & the re-done directors cut.Let me also say I LOVED THE ORIGINAL Payback . Saw it was coming on one of my movie channels & was looking forward to adding it my DVR to watch over & over I liked it so much.I noticed right off the bat that something was ` odd ' & as the movie went on , it was obvious this was not the same ` Payback ' I LOVED.Now I see why . The version that came on was indeed the ` newer & re-done DC ' Version & all I can say is it SUCKED.It was n't even the same movie . I see up above in the description that they claim this is a far better version.NOPE . No friggin way ... They took a 5 star movie & TRASHED IT . Some may have liked it as everybody has different tastes , but imo , they RUINED this movie . If I could give the DC version negative stars I would , but it will only allow me to use 1 star & just to be clear , it kisnt even worth that 1 star.The original was GREAT ... This version absolutely sucked & was changed so drastically , it literally is a different movie.Way to go Hollywood . If it aint broke you still try to fix it & end up breaking it in the process .100 % disappointed in this version ... I mean sheez . . they removed ALL the stuff that made this the GREAT 5 STAR flick it was & turned it in to unwatchable TRASH.So for those reading , I give the original version 5 stars all the way & would give this negative 10 stars if I could . One of my favorite movies -LRB- the original one -RRB- but they butchered this so bad I deleted it from my DVR as soon as it finished as no way will I ever watch this new trashy version ever again .
 This is n't even the same damn movie . I do n't know what jackass got his hands on this movie for the remake but he should n't be allowed to work on ANYTHING again EVER . Completely ruined one of my favorite movies of all time .
 For those who enjoy the movie Payback in its original form , this movie is a huge disappointment . Gone are the wisecrack remarks from Mel Gibson and jokes from Lucy Lu . The original movie did a good job of portraying porter as the good guy . This movie shows his dark side . For those who enjoyed Gibson 's movies in the genre including Conspiracy Theory , you will wonder why they ever made this directors cut .
 What !! The best scenes of this movie have been edited and removed . I want payback ! One of my favorite movies and they go screw it up by cutting it . Dont buy this version , it sucks . get the original on DVD ! Way better which I own by the way .
 This version ONLY contains the director 's cut . Do yourself a favor and find the other Blu-ray release which contains BOTH the theatrical and director 's cuts . -LRB- Do n't be afraid of the European release . It 's region free and the NTSC/PAL problem does n't exist on Blu-ray -RRB- They are much different cuts.Personally , I prefer the theatrical cut because it has more of a sense of humor and a cleverness about it . In comparison , the director 's cut is not darker but is instead dulled and dour . The ending is anti-climactic without being any edgier than the theatrical version . I also prefer the opening , the look and the score of the theatrical version . ** The one bit I did enjoy from director 's cut was a quick bit at 1:18:20 -- which would n't fit into the theatrical version because at that point the plotline has diverged from the original .
 Loved the first version , although `` Porter '' was a criminal , you were able to care for the character , and wanted things to turn out right for him . In this `` uncut '' version , you could care less for Porter , as he beats his drug-addicted wife , and is generally a character with no redeeming aspects . I hated this version , and after watching it , it only left me wishing for the other . If you enjoyed the first , especially the character of Porter , I doubt that you will enjoy this version at all . Wish I would have never bought it .
 Warning
 I saw the original theatrical release at the theater and liked it so much , I bought another ticket . There was a dark comedic thing going on , but the bad guy was n't a dirtbag . There was a degree of chivalry and honor . In this version , I hate the bad guy . He is just a thug who beats the crap out of his wife . Ok , she deserved it to a point , but the original Porter loved her despite her drug addiction and forgave her for the most part . The music in this new version SUCKS ! The original was lively and enthralling . In this version the music is an afterthought and gets in the way . This new version is a completely different movie , a sucky one . I hope to heck that they release the original version to blu ray , and quite honestly I was very suprised that both versions were n't on the CD . What a waste of money . If you like the original , do n't bother with this trash .
 I have never given a review on anything until now and even now I am not going into detail because it has already been said . Read all the one star reviews above mine . I can not believe they dont have the theater version along with this bad directors version .
 This is quite frankly one of the worst movies ever . The plot is almost non-existent , the characters are completely unbelievable , and the setting is so dark and gloomy you have to wonder why no-one turned the lights on!Though I am usually a Mel Gibson fan this has to rank as his worst movie to date ! Avoid it at all costs !
 Typical of Gibson 's bullet flying , explosion everywhere kind of movie . One just copy the others . Looking back to the whole movie , you ca n't stop thinking
 This is n't even the same damn movie . I do n't know what jackass got his hands on this movie for the remake but he should n't be allowed to work on ANYTHING again EVER . Completely ruined one of my favorite movies of all time .
 SO GLAD that I rented this instead of buying it . This cut of the film is COMPLETELY DIFFERENT from the theatrical release ... even going so far as to change the gender of the head of the syndicate . COMPLETELY DIFFERENT in some pivotal places . Starts soft . Ends soft . NO NARRATION . Weird . Did this filmmaker get brainwashed by Syd Field after releasing the first cut?I 'm not against change . Peter Jackson scored BIG with the new cuts of all of his films . But this just seems to have been done from boredom.BAD FILM in it 's Blu-Ray form.See the SD version . It 's one worth owning.I only gave this two stars because the blu-ray transfer was nice .
 I have the orginal Payback DVD and now just saw the Director 's Cut version . I was so very disappointed by the Director 's Cut . The ending of the DC did not measure up at all to the orginal version with Kris K . They should have left well enough alone .
 Payback -LRB- the theatrical edition -RRB- has been one of my favorite movies since the day I saw it . It was witty , cynical , and B.A.This edition `` the director 's cut '' is really a remake with a brand new ending and a lot of the best part removed from the middle . This edition is terrible . Like any pieced together film , it really does n't even know what it is . Occasionally it 's a mafia movie and occasionally it 's the bitter drama of a murdered man.Buy Payback -LRB- the theatrical edition -RRB- !
 Wow , without spoiling the film for anyone , I 'd have to say that I am glad that studios sometimes come in and change a director 's vision . The original version was a lot of fun . The director 's version was terrible ! the ending was very bad . I perfer the fun original to the director 's cut . ` Nuf said .
 This is quite frankly one of the worst movies ever . The plot is almost non-existent , the characters are completely unbelievable , and the setting is so dark and gloomy you have to wonder why no-one turned the lights on!Though I am usually a Mel Gibson fan this has to rank as his worst movie to date ! Avoid it at all costs !
 Its obvious to me why the studio and Mel Gibson himself stepped in to spruce up this movie . The directors cut of this movie is just plain bad . Its boring and unfulfilling . Mels character is n't very well defined . The directors vision was to harken back to a seventies style Dirty Harry movie or the like . He triumphed . Its a bad version of a bad seventies movie . This version takes itself way too seriously . See the original theatrical version . Its just way more fun , period . I like an artsy fartsy movie as much as the next guy , but this falls way short . Its better seen for what it really is and to try to add integrity to a new and better , more serious directors cut is laughable in this case . I was seriously interested in what this version had to offer because ninety-nine percent of the time the directors cut is better that the original . This is one of the first instances i can think of where i can understand why Mel Gibson and the studio or `` the suits '' , as one reviewer here so eloquently put , made every change they did to spruce up this otherwise average to poor film , to make it a decent and enjoyable shoot 'em up .
 We are supposedly supposed to cheer on a guy who will do anything to get back $ 70,000 that was stolen from him . But he stole the money in the first place ; it 's not his . Gibson play the role of a total sociopath who thinks nothing of stealing from or killing anyone . This man has no socially redeeming value yet we are supposed to identify with him . Hollywood has gone a bit too far with this one.The action can be fun at times , but most of the goings on are really quite ridiculous.The only reason to watch the movie is to ogle Lucy Liu -LRB- from the Ally McBeal TV series -RRB- who plays an S&M prostitute .
 I recently bought Payback W / Mel Gibson for a $ 1.00 + $ 2.98 for shipping from NW Emerald City Books 1004 West 13th Street STE 210 Vancouver , WA 98660 . When I got it , I tried to play it on my DVD/Blue-Ray player , my PS3 and my Laptop and when I tried to play it on my laptop it stated `` no data on disc '' . So , I paid $ 3.97 to send it back , expecting to get another one , yet they simply put it as `` we 'll refund your $ 2.98 + $ 1.00 ... WTF So now I paid almost $ 4 and still have NOTHING !!! On top of that , it was suppose to be `` NEW '' !! When I returned it , I left a note asking to replace it with another one , and again ti seemed as if - `` Oh well , Bull#@!% happens '' !!!!! Did they even try to see or get another one ?!?!?!? NO !!!!
 Good movie gone bad is the only thing I have to say .
 I have n't been able to play this movie without it `` lagging '' on my Qosmio laptop with HD DVD player . I have been on tech . support for it , but it has not been resolved as yet ; therefore , the rating I gave reflects this situation , but the movie is a good movie .
 A typical , by-the-numbers , emotionless action movie like so many others . Mel Gibson plays a tough guy -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- that fights the real bad guys . Well , that ` s about it ... The beginning of the story is appealing , given that the direction is actually good and creates a tense mood with a dark blue ambience , a crime noir feel . Unfortunately , that ` s the only good aspect of this picture , since the plot is flat and the characters one-dimensional . Another boring blockbuster .
 IF YOUR A FAN OF HD AND A FAN OF THE ORINGAL VERSION THEN DO N`T GET THIS.sOME OF YOU MIGHT KNOW WHAT I ` M ABOUT TO TALK ABOUT.IN THE FIRST VERSION THE FILM HAD A TINT OF BLUE , TO GIVE IT A MORE DEEPER FEELING.I WENT OUT BUYING THIS ONE , THINKING O THIS WILL BE GREAT TO SEE THIS ON HD . . TO MY SUPERSIE THEY COMPETLEY CUT THAT OUT ... SO DO N`T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE ...
 C'mon , the original movie was much better , i love kris kristofersens role in the movie , his arrogance , egotism and and ruggid approach seemed to capture the audience . I wanst crazy about the ending , the dvd should of had both versions on this , not just the directors cut.Although some of the new scenes did me in such as porter hitting his wife for the crimes that she did against him .
 Payback is based on the 1967 film , Point Blank . However , Payback does n't even come close to the original film . In the original film of Point Blank the actors put their all into their roles , here it just seems to me that they are just going through the motions . I really did n't care if the Mel Gibson character -LRB- Porter -RRB- got his money or not . While in Point Blank I was actually rooting for the Lee Marvin character -LRB- Walker -RRB- . The villains in Payback are terrible . The actors playing them again just seem to be going through the motions in order to collect a paycheck . William Devane , James Coburn , and Kris Kristofferson were wasted in this film . I did n't believe for a moment that they were crime bosses . The original film , Point Blank , used the talents of Carol O'Conner , Keenan Wynn , John Vernon , and Lloyd Bochner to perfection . A major problem with remakes of old films is that the producers and/or directors feel they have to add a lot of violence in the form of shootouts , explosions , car chases , and vulgar dialog to make up for a poor script . This film needs all of that in order to make up for the actors dead performances . The only salvation of this film are the women . Lucy Liu and Maria Bello are very pleasant on the eyes . I 'm going to sum up my review by saying that if you want a no-brain shoot ` em up action film , Payback will deliver . However , if you want a tense , gripping , and intelligent film view the original film , Point Blank .
 Please bring back the original cut , it was much better . You would get a sale from me . Did the people who produced this DVD even watch this ? It 's atrocious . It 's like a totally different movie . Bring back the movie that people know and love when it originally came out . Quit messing with movies on DVD Hollywood . It 's annoying .
 The original 1999 movie has been destroyed for this `` directors cut '' and they didnt even have the decency to include the original theatrical release in the same package . A complete rip off.The original movie is great but you will only find it on dvd , not blu ray .
 I saw this movie in the theater ; loved it and bought the dvd when it was released.And I thought Porter hitting the Taxi Stand Clerk with a coffee mug was for some reason cut from the dvd -LRB- I remember this scene from the cinema or was I imagining the Clerk getting mugged ? -RRB- So when they released the ` Director 's Cut ' I rushed out and bought it.What a waste of money.I watch the original dvd every now and then but the director 's cut only once so far and that will be it.It has been chopped and changed so much that it 's not worth the effort.I hope they release the Original in BLU RAY soon.Can anyone shed some light on the taxi stand scene ? Thanks
 The Director 's version of PAYBACK was horrific . The theatrical release that the studio cut was much more interesting . The ENDING of the director 's cut was terrible . My advise is to skip this blu-ray and hope/pray the THEATRICAL VERSION is released soon . This was the worse director 's cut of a feature film I have ever seen . I have 20 years of experience working on feature film & television productions . I praise the studio executives for the the Theatrical Release ! I can not sell this to anyone without feeling GUILTY ! I will give this blu-ray to someone I do not like .
 The original was great . It was funny with good action . It had a great balance of both . Usually when you see directors cut its a few changes the ordinary viewer would n't notice or the movie could have done without . Either way it still stays true to the main movie you remember . But this movie sucked big time ! I see why they cut this out and went with the one in theaters . It is almost a totally different movie . The end was AWFUL . To make matters worse , They changed the mian bad guy in the movie into a women it was n't a good idea . You see her and your like WTF . This would have got a least 3-4 if they released this on Blu-Ray with original and this as the extra disc . I enjoyed the thearter version much more . I wish they would have warned me I would not have purchased this movie .
 I was truly disappointed as the movie progressed and I realized this is NOT the same movie I loved when I saw it on the big screen . This `` Director 's cut '' version is abysmal and an absoulte joke . The ending is pathetic . To only have this version available on Blu ray and not even include the theatrical relase as an extra is really unacceptable . The people who put out this product ought to be ashamed of themselves . The only bright spot is the unintentional comedy factor of watching the director describe the `` artistic merits '' of his version in the extras section .
 ironic but the studio people who butchered the director ` s version were RIGHT . the original version is funnier due to the voice-over which reinforces the bad ass character ie jaws as a person.Brian H version is okay but losing the humor takes the joy out of porter ` s desire of 70k . Plus the ending of the original was very clever vs the this version . Ending more moralistic SPOILER ie porter is almost killed.In commentary , director states that porter would not have kidnapped the kid . but i honestly wouldnt have cared if porter did . It ` s not like he killed the kid in the end ie just bait to get dad.so if you can get original version or you have seen it , then dont get this one . but if you have not seen it & like anti-heroes , then it ` s not a bad movie .
 I purchased the movie Payback -LRB- The Director 's Cut -RRB- for my husband . He was very disappointed with this version because it was a lot different than the original Payback . I guess neither of us realized that because it is `` The Director 's Cut '' that it would have so many differences including the ending than the regular movie . I think it would have been nice to have the options when starting the movie to choose which version you wanted to see .
 Where was Kris Kristopherson ?! Why was he taken completely out of the director 's cut ? Or was he added for the theatrical version ? Whatever the answer I feel like it was less of a movie without him . To me , the lady on the speakerphone seemed to be a bad edit to replace a very good character .
 My brother and I love the theatrical cut because of the dark humor throughout the film . To the director 's cut credit , we always thought the kidnapping part of the rich son was stupid . So we watched this D.C. last night and we were both disappointed . My problem w / the d.c. is that eliminates a lot of the dark humor . The new score is a more serious one which does n't mix well with the exsiting parts that were funny or the subtle things all the actors did to give it a `` smart-a ** '' feel . The new voice over for Kris Kristoffersen 's character , Bronson , is done by a woman . The new scene with William Devane -LRB- Jack Bauer 's nemesis -RRB- & Porter on the phone with Bronson , does n't work for me . She sounds like grandma acting ticked off rather than a `` head boss '' . A trash talking Kris Kristoffersen was better than that `` phone in '' . It gets dumber when she 's on speakerphone w / James Coburn . She 's says Porter has hit the `` end of the road '' and will go nowhere in one breath . Then Porter shoots the alligator bags while Bronson thinks it was Fairfax and then in the next breath , she just gives in and says Ok , you win pretty much . Again , another `` smart-a ** '' Porter part they cut was the toe torture scene.The ending is totally different . I did n't mind the newer one but it was the `` everyday '' shootout . I miss the old phone trick , him blowing the car up with ciggy , digging the bullets out of his back and `` fata-boy '' . I do n't see how the theatrical cut was a happier version but for us it was funnier & a little less melodramatic .
 Payback is one my favorite Mel Gibson Movies . I mistakenly purchase this director 's cut when getting the DVD for my home collection . This is a much different movie . It did n't feel complete , probably because the director was dismissed before completion . The `` villain '' on the phone was lame , and the ending made it feel rushed . Might of been OK if it was actually finished by the original director . If you have ever seen the theatrical release and are hoping to get that one . Be clear , this is n't it .
 For me the first version of Payback , interfered with by the hand of -LRB- Mad -RRB- Mel is the much superior version of this dark , violent and gritty movie . This feels like to me to be another case of Superman II syndrome . Film fanatics harp on for years about how great it could have been had it not been interfered with and then when we finally see a version as close as possible to the directors intended vision it comes as somewhat of a disappointment . I bought Payback : - Directors Cut DVD unseen based on the glowing reviews here on Amazon but I now wish I had simply rented first instead of wasting my money . For me , the last third just felt flat . The third act rolled along slowly reducing pace as it went until finally coming to a gentle stop . Porter got his money , but for the audience the sense of achievement felt for what Porter went through in the original to get this money is now gone . I 'm sure that had I not seen the original Payback , I still would feel the same way towards the third act in this version . I can also say for certain that this version suffers greatly by the exclusion of Kris Kristofferson as the original Bronson who brought a great sense of villainy to the role as a much larger , threatening character who also builds the anticipation of a confrontation between Bronson and Porter . In this version Bronson is nothing more than a woman 's voice on a speaker and even at that injects nothing into the character . As a result she does not come across as someone who would be tough enough to have risen to the top of an organisation such as The Syndicate . Gibson in his version added a voice over monolog , while I ca n't say that I missed it from this directors cut , given the choice , I would rather have it in than out so I 'd score Gibson on that one also . The shutout at the train station also seemed very poorly staged and felt like something you would see on an episode of Criminal Minds or CSI . Helgeland has not proven since Payback that he is in anyway a match for Gibson as a director . Helgeland 's follow up to Payback was the somewhat popular but overrated A Knights Tale and the dreadful The Order . Both these movies speak for themselves in my opinion as to who knew best in the case of Payback . Perhaps if Heath Ledger was more of a star , he to might of had words with Helgeland 's ability as a director . As for Gibson 's version , I 'd give it a solid 4 stars and I 'd also have to agree with many other reviewers here on Amazon.com rating this directors cut very low . In short I think that Gibson did all the right things with his version and should be commended for doing an excellent job in rescuing this movie from what could have been a very forgettable movie experience even leaning towards losing the audience 's attention in the third act to something much superior that can hold its head up as a modern day re-imaging of the great Point Blank with Lee Marvin . If you are a fan of the original cut then I 'd recommend renting first before a purchase .
 Straightforward revenge plot with Lucy Liu as eye candy and many rather unbelievable plot twists . Good as cheap action Flicks go , but Mel Gibson could have gotten better scripts along the same lines . He does well with what he had just he did n't have a whole lot to work with . Something to take teenagers to that want to see explosions but that is about it .
 `` getting back to someone '' pretty much sums up the whole movie . Nothing much else . Although I like many of Mel Gibson 's movies , this one was let down by senseless violence and plot . His acting is fine , but the plot is very shallow and does not make any logical sense beside getting `` payback '' . Another one time rental .
 Killing people for just $ 70,000.00 is ridiculous and did you see those old car cellular phones .
 1st , I never even knew there were 2 versions of this movie , the original & the re-done directors cut.Let me also say I LOVED THE ORIGINAL Payback . Saw it was coming on one of my movie channels & was looking forward to adding it my DVR to watch over & over I liked it so much.I noticed right off the bat that something was ` odd ' & as the movie went on , it was obvious this was not the same ` Payback ' I LOVED.Now I see why . The version that came on was indeed the ` newer & re-done DC ' Version & all I can say is it SUCKED.It was n't even the same movie . I see up above in the description that they claim this is a far better version.NOPE . No friggin way ... They took a 5 star movie & TRASHED IT . Some may have liked it as everybody has different tastes , but imo , they RUINED this movie . If I could give the DC version negative stars I would , but it will only allow me to use 1 star & just to be clear , it kisnt even worth that 1 star.The original was GREAT ... This version absolutely sucked & was changed so drastically , it literally is a different movie.Way to go Hollywood . If it aint broke you still try to fix it & end up breaking it in the process .100 % disappointed in this version ... I mean sheez . . they removed ALL the stuff that made this the GREAT 5 STAR flick it was & turned it in to unwatchable TRASH.So for those reading , I give the original version 5 stars all the way & would give this negative 10 stars if I could . One of my favorite movies -LRB- the original one -RRB- but they butchered this so bad I deleted it from my DVR as soon as it finished as no way will I ever watch this new trashy version ever again .
 I consider Payback to be one of my `` desert island '' movies , but the Director 's Cut does n't make that list . The director watered down the movie 's character and stripped away some of the artistic stylization by making that cuts that he did . This is an inferior piece of work .
 ` Payback ' ca n't decide if it 's black comedy , edgy action/thriller , or pulp fiction . In typical Hollywood fashion , this was a project pulled in too many different directions by producers , et al. . There was real potential here , and I 'm pleasantly surprised Mel Gibson would attempt this kind of role , but I found the film wholly unsatisfying .
 i can see why mel gibson makes money when he puts his touch on a movie . this movie was different but not at all what i was expecting after hearing all the hype the director made . for us normal guys not into the big language that these `` critics '' use i will put it best i can . this movie was ok ... it left a lot of open ends , the scenes did n't have the flow the original had , and instead of the voice over there was a lot of wierd music . just did n't feel right . personally i would have just added some scenes and called it `` extended '' hehe . even the ending started to look good but then went queer . no real build up . oh and does saying the movie is gungier mean they killed the dog . seemed he let a lot more ppl live then in the original lol . i still am confused about the lady on the phone by the way ... mrs.bronson ... what was up with that ? i think i will just stick to the original and keep this directors cut in my stash so i can say i have it . that 's about it ... i hope i helped a little
 My husband bought this movie without realizing that this movie would be compeltely different than the theatrical version . We are extremely dissapointed and feel we were ripped off . It would have been nice if they could have at least put both versions on the disc .
 Wow . Normally I like Director 's cuts . I just watched this version of `` Payback '' on Netflix and it was horrible . They cut out Kristofferson , his son , the kidnapping , the torture of Mel and threw together a hokie , contrived ending that the viewer could see from a mile away . This movie lost all it 's appeal for me and I had to apologize to my friends I invited to watch it with me . Original was strong , somewhat unique action piece . This version fell flat and I recommend that people pick the first version .
 The Gibson version of Payback with Kris Kristofferson is better !!! This Director 's cut is not as good as the original version .
 This is NOT a typical Mel movie . It 's dark colors throughout make you think something 's wrong with your TV ! It 's a very slow-paced movie -- a near yawner . But just at the point where you 're ready to turn it off something happens , usually involving bullets or explosions . There is n't much of a story line . Overall it 's not a good movie -- true MG fans will be disappointed compared to some of his other roles .
 I need to read the fine print better on Amazon.com , this DVD did not include both the Director 's cut AND the Theatrical Cut like most Director 's cut versions do . Impact - the Director 's cut only DVD ... well ... sucks .
 I was extremely disappointed with this movie . I did not know or realize that the directors cut was going to be so different from the released version . Hated this ending , it just kind of ends . Get the original movie and you will be happier for it .
 Okay , so I made a mistake.I wanted a not so expensive blu-ray disc to test my PS3 capability . And since Payback is quite an excellent movie , I thought I 'd try this one . Wrong.This version is not better than the previous one . Its inserts make the main character slightly less likable . The ending sucks . And the format is not 16:9 , which kinda defeats the whole purpose of up-scaling -LRB- since that apparently leads to down-sizing -RRB- . Big mistake .
 ... its called `` Point Blank '' with Lee Marvin and Angie Dickinson . It is better in every way than this typical Hollywood tripe .
 bad bad bad it sucked it was not good at all i liked the real one better
 I was duped . Had no idea someone tried to improve the wheel ! It was part of a four pack of blu-rays and I did n't look at front of the box closely enough , and could not see the back at all ... lesson learned !
 The picture quality was great but I did n't like Devane 's version , I enjoyed the original better
 this movie was so boring . . the ending was cool ... but it had the biggest cliches you 've ever seen in a movie and I hate the film they used ! it 's all blue-ish and whatnot ... not colorful enough to interest anyone ...
 If you saw the theatrical version of this movie do n't bother buying this one . It is not better at all ! In fact it is a completely different movie . However if you teach editing courses at school this is a perfect movie to buy along with the original to show how different one movie can be . Besides this version sucking , they also changed the score and let the guy who composes temporary scores to compose a whole new soundtrack for the movie . Not impressed at all .
 Save your money and do n't purchase the `` Director 's Cut '' ! It 's sucks ! If you can ... get the original . If it ai n't broke ... . do n't fix it !
 This movie was horrible . The original release was far better . Instead of adding to the original , they took scenes out , including the ending . Extremely disappointing . I feel like I was ripped off .
 This is not the original movie . I thought it came with the directors cut and the original . The directors cut severely lacks a great story . Up until he frames the cops the movie is the same but after that it is terrible . Kris Kristopherson is not even in it . The main person of the outfit is a woman who they do n't even show !!!!!!! I repeat do not buy .
 I enjoyed the original theatrical version much better because the ending was much more action-packed and the best part of the whole movie . The original version was a 4-star film.The Director 's Cut has an anti-climactic ending that leaves you limp . When I saw the credits roll , I said WTF & OMG ... it 's like they chopped off the entire ending of the first film , so that you only got to watch 2/3 of a movie.I 'm going to buy a DVD of the original version . If they come out with a Blu-Ray of the original version , I 'd buy it in a heartbeat and then sell the DC version .
 I know the directors cut is different from another edition which is more popular , the non-directors cut is a much better movie with a way better ending . I wish this were n't the directors cut , I 'd definitely buy it then . Good movie regardless .
 This movie sucks , the directors cut lost its edge , I love the original version , the darkness and the style , the gore , the background music and it 's dark form is gone . I 'm not a big Chris Cristopherson fan but even he 's gone from this version , all scenes have been deleted , no smashing of the toes or the kidnapping of his kid . This director 's cut is a whole different movie , different ending , and beggining . Its just an average movie , no wonder this cut was n't release in theaters , once again it sucks , it may be good for a `` B '' movie but very dissapointing . I would 've not waste my money if I 'd known , I gave it 2 stars before the movie was over and when I finished watching it I tried to change it to 1 star but I could n't is that bad !!! .
 It 's obvious what the director was reaching for in his cut of the film . Unfortunately , his reach exceeded his grasp . Which is why the studio had him do a rewrite , add scenes , and actors . The original theatrical release is an outstanding example of contemporary Crime Noir.Fortunately , the Blu-ray release in the UK has _ both _ versions of the film , and can be had for only a few dollars more than this disc -LRB- and there are no problems with playback on a stock Oppo BDP-93 -RRB- .
 The Blu-ray director 's cut is horrible . The picture quality was very poor for Blu-ray and the additional scenes actually make the plot worse . Original DVD is much better . Sorry I wasted my money .
 While the editorial review on this film certainly argues the point that this version is less mainstream , it would only make one wonder why any review has to argue anything to get you to watch the movie.This version is a very straight forward and realistic take on what would have happened in the film for sure , but personally I found it to be considerably less entertaining to watch . To be fair I personally like more main stream movies , and I would say that anyone that enjoyed the original version of the film as much as I did probably wo n't like the changes made in this.While this is my personal opinion I would at least treat it as a warning to the `` average '' movie watcher that you 're probably better off with the original version .
 What exactly happened here ? Where 'd the cool movie go ? I 'm used to director 's cuts , extended/unrated versions , etc. , but this is just too much . It even has praise of the original on the jacket . But it 's nowhere close . There 's no voiceover . Kris Kristofferson does n't show up , but we get an offscreen voice of a main character in the outfit . Everyone seems two-dimensional
 My husband and I were both completely disappointed by this product . To begin with , we did not enjoy the director 's cut version . I understand this is what the director had in mind , but I found this version to be a flat story without any climax - it wound around but did n't have the finishing touches of the theatrical version . I know not every movie is meant to entertain , but I just liked the theatrical version better . That being said , I would have preferred if the disc had both versions , so you could watch the one you liked better , or at least compare the two . Many films do this , but it is frustrating that some do not . Now the director 's cut is the only one you can find . Whenever a movie is released as a director 's cut , I think it should have the original as well . That it did n't was a serious lack , especially because we felt cheated by the new version . My opinion .
 The original Flicka is so much better this one does n't even compare . The parents in this movie are too young for the kids or the kids are too old for the parents . In the original movie the boy was a 12 year child not an out of control teenage girl . Very Hollywood .
 There 's just no reason to plod through this unnecessarily butchered remake of Mary O'Hara 's book . They could have found an original script about horses , I think , instead of more `` remake-itis '' that Hollywood is stuck in right now . Rent the 1943 version and the 1945 sequel `` Thunderhead . `` They 're old movies , but they ca n't be improved upon . The technicolor of the Big Outdoors is sumptuous , the horse stunts nearly impossible to tell they were staged as when Flicka 's mother rears under the sign while she 's being trucked out and brains herself . Or when baby Flicka escapes the barn by breaking through a glass window and jumping out and the heart rendering scene where she is caught in the barbed wire fence . Ca n't watch either of these movies without a BIG box of kleenex ! Flawless horse training for movies as was the fight to the death of Thunderhead and the Albino in the sequel . PLus there was the music score by the great Alfred Newman whose son , Thomas Newman , did the superb score to Horse Whisperer.If your horse-loving daughters really need to see a horse movie , get them training tapes by the gentle and effective trainers out there such as Pat Parelli , Chris Cox , Clinton Anderson , etc. . At least they 'll learn something . There 's nothing in this bastardized version to like . And the only tear I shed was that 2 horses had to die for this turkey .
 Peter Hartlaub of The San Francisco Chronicle sums up the film 's lesson like this
 They should not have called this movie Flicka in the first place . It bears no resemblance to My Friend Flicka the book or movie starring Roddy McDowell.Disregarding having read the book and seen the movie many times this remake is n't a very good movie at all.Love looking at Tim McGraw but he is stiff and wooden in this movie . I had to force myself to watch the entire movie and certainly wo n't be buying it or watching it again.Most horse crazy little girls know more about horses than whomever wrote this screenplay . I know I certainly did ... . and a hokey movie is a hokey movie even when you are a kid ...
 I 'm sure this film is a really sweet story , but they killed two horses making it . I was really excited about this movie until I learned about the deaths , and then learned on top of it all they were paying people off who worked on the set NOT to talk about it ! If you really love horses , skip this hypocritical fantasy and do n't support a film that shows such disregard for it 's own subject . Read the book instead , or even better , plan a family trip to a horse rescue . That way you wo n't be hurting the very thing you 're there to see .
 This film is awful and insulting . Nothing makes sense , and the charactersare stereotypes that ca n't even get their stereotype right . The tough guy Dad is soft and the girl ... how annoying is she ?? And all that `` america is wild and free , blah , blah '' , and then she wants todomesticate her symbol of freedom ??? HAHA ... this movie SUCKS !
 Fox is counting on getting the money of animal lovers for this movie , and all that can be done about the unfortunate and preventable deaths of two beautiful horses is to BOYCOTT . We have to show entertainment companies that we wo n't tolerate the sacrificing of animals , especially for mindless junk like this one .
 Being a horse and animal lover , I was greatly awaiting this release . Having since found out that at 2 of the horses were killed and Fox has tried bribery to cover this up , I can assure you I wo n't purchase this nor be seeing this in the theatre . If one of the actors hand so much as scrape we 'd here it all over the news . Animals ca n't speak for themselves , we have to .
 Two horses died in the making of this film due to neglect and abuse . There was no reason for it . Any of the actors that were in this and failed to report it do not deserve any support either . Tim McGraw could have played a big part in seeing the horses were properly cared for but chose not to . Thankfully , one extra that was on the set when it occured has shared his report of events which other people have already posted about.Do not support this . If you saw this movie in the theatre and enjoyed it that is understandable but please do not support the killing of the two horses any further .
 I know horses . I 've raised and bred them and enjoyed horses my entire life . Deliberately creating a scenario that 's fatal , or puts any animals ' safety at risk for the greed of money is unacceptable . Fox Films is n't getting my support on this one.My Friend Roland shared this with me . He was on the set of Flicka and witnessed the unnessesary death of 2 horses : Fox Films should not be rewarded for animal cruelty ! The horses that died did not die by accident ! They died of greed and neglect ! I witnessed one of the deaths first hand . I was an extra on the set of Flicka and watched in horror as Fox Films orchestrated a chaotic scene of a wild horse race , terrifying the horses involved , driving them into the stadium wall , all the while the horses were dragging lead ropes behind them . Only someone who did n't care about the horses safety would have allowed such a thing ! An idiot could have predicted what happened
 When was the last time you saw a movie involving animal stunts where the advisory `` No Animals Were Harmed ... etc '' did not appear at the end of the movie ? It just has n't happened -- until now . If you have n't heard , during the making of `` Flicka '' , two horses were killed two weeks apart during the filming of a spectacular scene in the movie . Fox Films was condemned for their reckless and inhumane treatment of these horses by mainstream animal protection organizations . The film 's theatrical release was boycotted . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I refuse to see this movie and I urge anyone who cares about the welfare of horses and animals to do so as well . This is NOT a movie for horse lovers . FOX killed 2 horses in the making of this horrible movie and then tried to cover it up and did nothing to try to help . Look it up for yourself!BOYCOTT FLICKA ! LET FOX KNOW THIS IS NOT OK !
 I have not seen Flicka because I have read several reputable reports that at least two horses died very inhumanely in the making of this movie . If you care about horses , you should research the claims for yourself and hopefully you wo n't rent or purchase this movie .
 The fact that two horses reportedly died during the making of FLICKA is an irrelevance . This film is otherwise so juvenile that only an adolescent female and her horse could love it - i.e. , 5 star `` family entertainment '' . For the adult world , which I like to think includes myself , it may be one of the more forgettable films of 2006 - 2 stars.Katy McLaughlin -LRB- Alison Lohman -RRB- attends a pricey , boarding prep school in Wyoming . Returning home at the scholastic term 's end , she must figure out how to tell her parents , horse ranchers in deep hock because of the tuition and hard business times , that her performance on a final essay was so dismal that she 's being academically held back a year . Her Mom and older brother , Nell -LRB- Maria Bello -RRB- and Howard -LRB- Ryan Kwanten -RRB- respectively , are sympathetic . Her Dad , Rob -LRB- Tim McGraw -RRB- , is angry and disgusted.Her first morning back on the spread , Katy goes horseback riding and is thrown from her mount by a cougar , which is subsequently scared off by a lone mustang . Being rescued by the animal ensures Katy 's love for it , and she gallops forth again the next day to rope the horse and make it her own . She only succeeds in driving the mustang into one of her father 's domestic herds , stampeding the latter . After the dust dies down , the mustang is captured and brought back to a prison corral up by the Big House . Rob wants to sell the beast to a rodeo ; Katy names her Flicka and wants to keep and train it . Considering Katy 's low standing with Ol' Dad at the moment , the subsequent conflict between father and daughter is , well , as strident as you can imagine.The best part of FLICKA is the gorgeous Wyoming scenery , though , with the tell-tale oak trees , the set looks suspiciously at times like coastal California . Indeed the big time rodeo ostensibly set at the Wyoming State Fair more resembles an event staged for the camera in Simi Valley just north of Los Angeles . The storyline was otherwise oh so predictable
 the death of animals as a means of eating or survival is one thing . but to murder an animal for ` realistic ' screenplay , to make a profit or for any form of entertainment is a horrible example of mankinds cruelty . supporting this film reduces you to the level of those who enjoy fighting pit bulls . do n't be that person . tell fox films that innocent blood will not be shed for our entertainment .
 Contrary to the lovely scenery , moving storyline or `` family '' values espoused by the makers of this film , potential buyers may be disturbed to find that two horses were in fact killed in the making of this movie , and witnesses to the events were offered bribes to cover it up . If you truly love horses and remember the original -LSB- book -RSB- story of Flicka , you will boycott this film as Fox Films do not deserve to profit off the cruel death of two of these gorgeous animals . For more information , visit -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Hi well to start I was excited about watching this movie cause it looked a lot like dreamer which I enjoyed . BUT IT WAS HORRIBLE !!! Katie is selfish and has a bad attitude which never gets better throughout the movie . The characters are allways yelling at each other . And Katie is also dumb and tries things whith Flicka that get her hurt and in trouble . I hated this and so did my Mom but my Dad strangely liked it . Anyways this is one of those love it or hate it movies . And I personally hated it . Well got ta go hope this was helpful Brooke .
 Please do some research before you purchase this DVD . It is beyond question and well documented that at least two horses were killed during the filming of this movie . The ASPCA and many people involved with the film have all testified to this.The original release boycott cost FOX $ 12 million , and we need to keep sending the message that endangering and killing horses is not o.k.IF YOU ARE A HORSE LOVER , PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS DVD !!!
 I have not seen Flicka and I will not see Flicka . My decision was made not just because a horse died , but because 2 horses died , and because of how they died
 Before the release date of this movie , it came out that FOX films had caused the death of two horses - which is why you wo n't see the disclaimer in the credits `` No animals were harmed in the making of this film '' - and FOX tried to pay off witnesses to the event.No matter how good the movie might be , there is no reason to support an evil company that does this . Oh , and regardless of what fans of this movie write here , Flicka was pretty much panned by critics and did n't do well at the box office ; I had predicted that Flicka would be the `` Gigli of 2006 '' and it did n't even do as well as that flop .
 Fox Films should not be rewarded for animal cruelty ! The horses that died did not die by accident ! They died of greed and neglect ! I witnessed one of the deaths first hand . I was an extra on the set of Flicka and watched in horror as Fox Films orchestrated a chaotic scene of a wild horse race , terrifying the horses involved , driving them into the stadium wall , all the while the horses were dragging lead ropes behind them . Only someone who did n't care about the horses safety would have allowed such a thing ! An idiot could have predicted what happened
 My 11 year old horse-crazy daughter disliked this movie , and so did I. It 's not just that they swapped a headstrong teenage girl for the book 's original young , quiet , sensitive boy . We both just thought the girl in the movie was a horrible , spoiled , annoying , selfish brat . We could n't abide her and so no amount of pretty horses could make up for her one-dimensional character . The book is so lovely , so nuanced -- it 's a gem that was n't even adequately portrayed by the 1940s `` classic '' version of the story . Strange that such a subtle story has not been adapted successfully for the screen , whereas the fun but mainly action-adventure `` Black Stallion '' story was turned into the beautiful , lyrical , timeless film of the same name .
 I was so disappointed in this movie , being a great fan of Mary O'Hara 's original book . Tim MCGraw was better than I expected -- everything else was worse !
 As the father of a 9-year-old girl , I 'm always on the lookout for a good age-appropriate movie she 'll like.Neither of us was much impressed by this pro-forma effort 's weak , very contrived script . Yes , if you have a child my daughter 's age you 'll be glad to know the movie contains no profanity or gratuitous violence or sexual titilation . But it is , alas , entirely forgettable.I suggest renting it only if and when Amazon prices it at 99 cents .
 I was greatly surprised by this movie , it was not as good as I was hoping it 'd be . It was slow , and for me , a little gory . The acting was good , but that 's about it .
 Shoul have been sold as less than poor condition . Cleaned yuck off of disc and still does not play through on rather side .
 ox Films should not be rewarded for animal cruelty ! The horses that died did not die by accident ! They died of greed and neglect ! I witnessed one of the deaths first hand . I was an extra on the set of Flicka and watched in horror as Fox Films orchestrated a chaotic scene of a wild horse race , terrifying the horses involved , driving them into the stadium wall , all the while the horses were dragging lead ropes behind them . Only someone who did n't care about the horses safety would have allowed such a thing ! An idiot could have predicted what happened
 Whoever green-lit this remake needs to be horsewhipped . Now I do n't expect every viewer to be coming from my perspective -- I read the 1941 novel My Friend Flicka , watched the 1943 movie many times throughout my childhood and , like the protagonist of the story , broke my own horse to ride . However , I do expect that anyone with an iota of horse sense will immediately agree that this is one lame remake.The basics are in place
 This movie should carry a warning about all the whining and arguing contained in it . Why on earth a smart horse like Flicka did n't have enough sense to run for the hills , away from this dysfunctional family is beyond me . I for one have had it up to here with smartalecknowitallkidteachesdumbparent movies . At least in the original movie , Roddy McDowall was respectful to his father . The character of Katie in this movie is just obnoxious . The whole family could benefit from some counselling . The scenery and horses are beautiful however .
 I borrowed this movie from the library first , to see if it was worth buying . Unlike the first Flicka , this movie is less about a horse and more about taming a girl , transforming her from an independent and skillful young woman into a subservient and obedient child . The Dad even talks about disciplining her being like taming a horse to ride , breaking its spirit . If this is the message you want to send to your daughters , fine . You will like the movie . If not , I suggest you pass on this . There are other girl-horse movies out there that do not do this .
 Since not just one , but TWO horses were reported to have been killed during the making of this film , I have no interest in seeing a fairy tale that was produced by people who apparently know and appreciate a lot about making money but little about consideration for horses . I have lived with horses for nearly all of my 65 years and can find no justification for any such unnecessary human exploitation of animal life .
 Before the release date of this movie , it came out that FOX films had caused the death of two horses - which is why you wo n't see the disclaimer in the credits `` No animals were harmed in the making of this film '' - and that FOX tried to pay off witnesses to the event.No matter how good the movie might be , there is no reason to support an evil company that does this . Oh , and regardless of what fans of this movie write here , Flicka was pretty much panned by critics and did n't do well at the box office ; I had predicted that Flicka would be the `` Gigli of 2006 '' and it did n't even do as well as that flop .
 1 star is not low enough to rate this piece of crap ! 2 horses were murdered in the making of this film and offered one of the extras $ 1250 per horse to shut up about it ! -LSB- ... -RSB- My name is Roland Windsor Vincent . I 'm an attorney and I own and love horses . Last year I was an extra on the set of the Fox Films ' shoot of Flicka , and witnessed the cruel use of horses in what is known as a `` Wild Horse Race . '' Wranglers chase frightened horses around a ring , and try to drag them down and mount them . The horses are terrified , and in the case I witnessed one was tripped on its rope , kicked in the head , and died an agonizing death . There was absolutely no justification for subjecting horses to this inhumane treatment , except to shoot a sensational scene to make money for Fox . This was the second horse to die at the hands of Fox in the re-make of My Friend Flicka . You can get the whole story by googling `` Flicka Horse Death . `` When I broke the story to the news media , Fox offered me $ 2500 to keep quiet!Just as disturbing was the fact that the film 's star , Tim McGraw , has n't had the guts to even comment on the death of that poor horse . I had been a big fan of Tim McGraw , and I 'm sure many of us now are terribly disappointed in him . Shame on you , Tim!Please visit my page for more information .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Here is a first hand account of what transpired on the set of Flicka : Fox Films should not be rewarded for animal cruelty ! The horses that died did not die by accident ! They died of greed and neglect ! I witnessed one of the deaths first hand . I was an extra on the set of Flicka and watched in horror as Fox Films orchestrated a chaotic scene of a wild horse race , terrifying the horses involved , driving them into the stadium wall , all the while the horses were dragging lead ropes behind them . Only someone who did n't care about the horses safety would have allowed such a thing ! An idiot could have predicted what happened
 According to the American Humane Association , `` Four Certified Animal Safety Representatives monitored the filming of Flicka , and American Humane deeply regrets the death of two horses that occurred on the set . '' and `` The ` No Animals Were Harmed ` End Credit obviously can not be given when an animal actor is fatally injured during production . '' If they say two horses died , then I believe them . I just ca n't watch a film knowing that animals died to make it .
 I made the mistake of renting this and watched a few minutes -- only to discover with a little online cruising that I should have done ahead of time that two horses were killed in the making of the movie . I did n't watch any further . Who can consider being entertained by any movie knowing animals were tortured and killed during the making of it ? It 's nauseating and disgusting .
 The film transfer is very good . However , Reel Enterprises has placed an RE watermark in the lower right hand corner . That is so distracting I ca n't watch the movie . I bought this DVD as a test of Reel Enterprises ' products . I will not buy another RE product until the watermarks are removed .
 Ah , Venice . The gem of Europe with it 's swimming pool colored water , incompetent police force , and English-speaking citizenry who occasionally string together a many as two or even three simple Italian words together just so you know you 're in Italy . And how could one forget the roaring man-eating great white sharks patrolling the surface in broad daylight that nobody ever sees and ignores even when they tear through a gondola or two and then spend two minutes chomping at minuscule floating bits of bait while one wonders where the rest of the person they are supposedly eating is . Either way , the populace simply report these people as missing and the police do their best to assure everybody that it was just a boating accident even when there is no evidence of a boating accident aside from the occasional gnawed torso floating around . Because they would n't want tourism to go down , see ? Personally , I 'd go to Venice right the hell now if there was a chance I 'd see a great white shark eat a dude . Now what 's REALLY scary is all of those boating accidents . Good God , what was I thinking when I rented this ? Oh , right
 This was hilariously awful . It was so bad that at one point you clearly see Stephen Baldwin 's leg floating in the water after being bitten off by -LRB- I assume -RRB- the shark , and in the next scene , he walks out of the hospital without a mark on him . Not only that but his expression never changed through the entire movie -- not once . Not when he got bitten , not when his wife was kidnapped , not when his father died -- throughout the entire thing he looked like a guy trying to wake up from an Ambien hangover who is also slightly constipated.I laughed through the whole thing . Definitely worth renting but next time every time something completely implausible happens , I 'm taking a shot of Maker 's Mark . I 'll be good and trashed in the first half hour .
 I normally have no problem with anything film makers want to put up on the screen -- I 'll cut them a pretty large amount of slack because after all it 's only a horror movie and not educational material we 're dealing with here , but when archaeologist David Franks -LRB- Stephen Baldwin -RRB- read from his dead father 's notes in SHARKS IN VENICE my brain recoiled in terror and revulsion from the idiotic misinformation that was assaulting me . Who on God 's earth could n't have taken the time to at least check out a couple of facts before they wrote that LOUIS THE XIV -LRB- who lived in the 17TH CENTURY -RRB- sent one of the DE MEDICIS -LRB- who did n't come into prominence until the 14TH CENTURY -RRB- to head up the 8TH CRUSADE to CRETE ? That would have as quite a shock to LOUIS THE IX who actually took the 8TH CRUSADE to SYRIA and then TUNISIA ! The importance of all those dates is that the last Crusade had been at the end of the 13 century ! Oh yeah , there was also some of crap about King Solomon 's treasure being hauled around by MARCO POLO in a GALLEON , a ship that did n't come into being until the 16TH CENTURY -- by which time Marco would n't have had much use for it because he was long DEAD . Oh well , I 've long associated the names of Writer and Director Boaz Davidson and Avi Lerner with bottom of the barrel films , but this time they abused the privilege of being rotten , subpar film makers . Oy vey !
 You know what you 're getting going into this just by looking at the cover artwork . If only Vanessa Johansson had been eaten during the opening credits , the rest of this insipid tale might have been sufferable . Despite this being a shark movie , her acting was truly the most horrifying thing on the screen . The rest of the wooden acting , totally implausible story and CG effects are no worse than the majority of the other recent shark movies out there .
 Danny Lerner 's Shark in Venice is one of the more recent attempts to recreate the magic of Steven Spielberg 's Jaws . To my mind , I do n't think I 've seen a decent shark film since Jaws , but I have seen many shark films . What can I tell you other than what the title suggests ? Well , there is an attempt at a story here . David Franks -LRB- Stephen Baldwin -RRB- and his girlfriend Laura -LRB- Vanessa Johansson -RRB- head for Venice to find out about David 's father who has gone missing during a diving expedition in Venice 's intricate canal network . It is n't long before sharks start appearing and picking people off one by one . Where have they come from and what was David 's father searching for?I 'm not a marine biologist but even I can come to the conclusion that sharks in Venice is somewhat implausible . There is an explanation where they have come from which is equally improbable for as far as I am aware sharks do not keep very well in captivity . David 's father was searching for some treasure linking back to the days of the Crusades . It turns out some artefacts have been brought back to Venice from the Holy Land and hidden in a place accessible only by diving into the canals . You 'll be pleased to know the Crusaders are not responsible for setting sharks up in the canals to guard the treasure . My relief when that storyline failed to materialise was palpable.After one nasty encounter with a shark , David and his girlfriend decide enough is enough and they want to leave . They do n't count on the local mafia though led by Vito Clemenza -LRB- Giacomo Gonnella -RRB- . Those names were both used in the Godfather films if I 'm not mistaken but this mafia group are certainly not at the same level as the Corleone family . Of course , we get the inevitable request of I want you to bring me the treasure and I will kidnap your girlfriend to facilitate your acquiescence to my foolhardy venture and so on.Shark in Venice is dreadful . I try to hold back but although this is n't the worst shark film out there it is n't one of the great ones either . The treasure storyline is akin to the adventures of Indiana Jones , while the Italian police with their insistence that there are no sharks in Venice are just bizarre . The film falls short of 90 minutes which is a great relief . Any longer and you will be tempted to throw yourself into the canal uttering a pitiful cry of `` Make it stop ! '' I believe it is possible to make a good shark film even though Jaws will take some beating but this is another example of how not to do it .
 Filmmakers obviously disagree , since they keep putting him in these kind of roles , but Stephen Baldwin just is n't action hero material , particularly at this stage of his career , when the pudgy actor seems to struggle when doing stunts or fights.Baldwin is archeologist David Franks , in Sharks In Venice -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , a dopey , poorly written , and disjointed adventure , involving sharks , crime , and an ancient hidden treasure . The actor mostly sleepwalks through the rather dull proceedings , as his character , a college professor , journeys to Venice , upon learning that his father has disappeared while diving underwater . Also along is his girlfriend Laura -LRB- Vanessa Johnson -RRB- . With the assistance of police Lt. Sofia Totti -LRB- Hilda van der Meulen -RRB- , Franks looks into his father 's case , and finds evidence that sharks may have been involved in the deaths of others in the diving party.The police regard the shark theory as preposterous -LRB- the fools ! -RRB- , and Franks follows in his father 's wake , taking the plunge below the Venetian waters . He manages to survive a shark encounter , and also discovers an entrance to a hidden cavern , which is loaded with the hidden riches of the Medici . Unfortunately the Mafia is also looking for the treasure , and Laura is kidnapped to try and force Franks to reveal its location.With a gutterball story and terrible dialog , Sharks In Venice is a disaster that entertains because it is so bad . The editing is also awful , with incongruent scenes often stitched together , and the fight scenes are poorly executed . The special effects and editing involved in the shark attack scenes , are completely lame and ridiculous , adding more comedy than excitement . The whole shark storyline is a joke , as Franks miraculously survives multiple attacks with all limbs intact . Baldwin 's performance is generally listless , with anything requiring coordination and physical skills being something of a poorly executed parody . He tries , but he just does n't seem to have the skills.As this lovely often appears on the SyFy schedule , you may want to view it there first , before deciding to buy the DVD .
 could n't get through the end , but somebody tell me : Was there a point at which we saw the comedic main character in some weak moments , or powerless , or temporarily without advantage , or desperate , or neurotic?Was there any point at which it was n't merely the mob guy running circles around the other straight-person characters?Was there any point at which the straight-person characters were given some attention , and some power of thier own?if not , then to hell with this piece of crap . Watching the mob guy continue to take advantage of the other characters , without any of them doing anything relatively interesting in response is not amusing !!!
 Nora Ephron 's screenplay for WHEN HARRY MET SALLY was so brilliant , and I 'm a big Steve Martin fan , that I really looked forward to seeing this film . But it is so bad it 's unbelievable . I think I laughed once through the entire film .
 ... but it 's a holiday present for my father who would enthusiastically declare this movie to be the greatest of all time . If slapstick is you thing this is the movie for you ; slapstick is not my thing , therefore this movie is not for me .
 There are many things Steve Martin is , but an Italian mobster is not one of them . The fact that he was even cast in this role is really insulting to my intelligence . His accent was awful , and he looks nothing like the part . Do n't get me wrong , Steve Martin is a funny guy , but this just did n't work.The idea of casting Rick Moranis as an F.B.I. agent actually is funny , but the idea is as about as far as it gets.The script to this movie is no good , and the acting is never more than mediocre . There 's just nothing enjoyable here , nothing to make ya laugh .
 Few films get a one star from me . There is some humor , some cleverness , some wit , charm or insight that elevates it from dreadful to just bad . Not this turkey . It was one of those `` What were they thinking ? '' films , where I wondered aloud repeately `` How could they do that ? '' From the Father Guido Sarducci accent to the jokes that fall like eggless souffles , this film stinks.And I never for a moment felt anything other than This Is A Movie . Suspend disbelief ? I wish ! I was suspended , into animation .
 They say that sarcasm is the lowest form of wit . Well , I can say , `` this is a really great movie , like I 'm sure ! '' , sound in the knowledge that there is , indeed , a lower form of wit . I sincerely believe that `` Schindler 's List '' is more likely to raise a laugh and can only hope that `` Customers who bought this video also bought : '' A home labotamy kit . Preserve your intellectual integrity and look elsewhere for laughs .
 A woman in power who 's got a major chip on her shoulder . A female law enforcer who 's so blinded by love she gives her GUN to a criminal on trial and later has his baby while he 's married to TWO other women . the same mafia goon is elected MAN OF THE YEAR . give me a break and please do n't insult my intelligence ! the thought that crossed my mind most frequently during the movie was
 Okay , so I sinned and purchased a film that is n't anamorphic , heck this DVD is n't even widescreen ! But it did n't cost much more than the VHS tape . Unfortunately there are n't any extras on the disc , behold why so inexpensive , and the picture and sound quality make me wonder if I would have been just as well off purchasing the VHS version . The only problem would be that I do n't pop in my VHS movies any more . This movie is very funny . Steve Martin plays a great italian mobster and Rick Morranis plays the perfect boring federal agent . If you do n't find yourself quoting this movie then either you 're too serious , or I 'm too easily amused . The movie is a 4 star movie , if only this movie could get a quality DVD transfer some day .
 Slow , ended up sleeping the last half . Very dated , not how I remembered Steve Martin.was cool to stream from an kindle fire
 Although I love the movie , I 'm not here to review it , since there are other places better suited for that.Granted , it 's been a while since I last saw it , but have I always watched it in full screen , and not widescreen ? Have I gotten so used to the wide expanse of high definition televisions that I find watching something in full screen barely palatable -LRB- with the exceptions of the really old movies like The Wizard of Oz , where I know there is n't another option because that 's how they originally filmed it -RRB- ? Even if you overlook the black bars on the left and right edges of the screen , you still ca n't help but notice the characters are on the very edge of the film , oftentimes with part of their bodies cropped out of the picture , which constantly reminds you this was filmed in a different format.Okay , enough complaining about the full screen . It is also evident that this was a very poor transfer from film to DVD . They are able to convert film to high definition , but this video looks like it was transferred from a VHS tape.The only defense is this is the only format that is available from anyone . Oh yeah , the movie also came out in 1990 , not 1999 as shown .
 The acting is fine and the direction competent . But the script is extremely weak . Oh , Nora , you failed us again . There are very , very few laughs .
 `` feckless ''
 You know how when you go to Paris expecting that all French are rude and end up only meeting the rude French ? This is what you get when you expect every nation to have exactly the same sense of humor , the same mentality , and sensibility as your own . Especially , to someone who is looking for funny stuff , they will criticize and belittle everything they encounter.Pointless , and tiring-just not funny jewish shtik ! .
 I must say that the cultural differences are fascinating !!! From that perspective , this film is very interesting . On the other hand , Phil Rosenthal is so INCREDIBLY condescending and annoying , that this is a difficult film to watch . To be fair , I should mention that I find the American version of this show equally annoying ... almost as much as the creator . I agree with the Russians that this is simply not a good show . If we 're going to export comedy , why not something that has more layers of comedy or even simply more less stupid ... `` The Simpsons '' comes to mind as something that , while not as good as it used to be , is still very smart . How about something like `` The Office '' or `` Arrested Development '' or `` Archer '' or `` Friends '' or `` Big Bang '' or classics like `` I Love Lucy '' or `` Star Trek '' or `` Twilight Zone '' ... or a test pattern . It 's embarrassing that a show this bad is being exported , and that the idiot culpable had the nerve to treat the Russians with such condescension . What an embarrassment .
 I simply do n't know how a show which came off its funniest season to date COULD completely jump the shark with that abomination of a first Season 4 episode . I am tired of all the ` sports related ' guest appearances . I understand the premise of the show is far-fetched to begin with , but at least try to make it a bit more relatable to those of us that actually indulge in a bit of fantasy football . Seasons 1-3 did a phenomenal job of doing so , but all of a sudden now you have these guys being whisked away to Cowboys training camp , or having a different athlete every week be in the middle of the story line . ENOUGH ! What saved this season from getting a 1 star was the Hoodie Episode . More Episodes like this , Less Episodes like the 1st one or the one where Kevin is running for Judge -LRB- HORRIBLE ! but fast becoming the norm -RRB- .
 I am a huge fan of the first three seasons . But this season opener is pathetic . This episode attempts to replace raw , edgy humor with about 9 billion cameos from football players and coaches . If I wanted to see football players , I 'd watch football . When I watch The League , I want it to be funny .
 While the first three seasons were highly juvenile , there were enough chuckles to make it worth watching . However , I would strongly caution past viewers from paying almost $ 2 per episode to watch pretty much all the same old jokes re-hashed . Perhaps $ 10 would be worth it for the whole season , but the current price is simply too high .
 I really loved the first 3 seasons . They have lost some steam in season 4 . If you see an early Rafi sighting ... watch the whole episode , it 's worth it .
 There were still a few decent jokes , but the show has nothing to do with fantasy football anymore , which was really the draw before .
 The first couple of episodes were pretty funny . The rest of the episodes seemed to be crude without a point to being crude . The show has gradually become less funny because as the show has progressed they have dealt less and less with the fantasty football aspect of the show . The charecters and plots of episodes have become less believable . It is too bad because this once was one of the better shows out there .
 This movie caught my attention with it 's name , `` A Stranger Is Watching '' , more or less because I enjoy a good horror movie . This movie had none of that . What you get is mostly a very uninteresting movie about a killer with a good chase scene coming too late to redeem this uninspired B-movie . The only true suspense was wondering when it would ever get off the ground and really get interesting . Long story short , it never happened , the best part of the movie was the title .
 Chow Yun Fat plays a minimal role ; maybee because its one of his early movies ; cheapie moive with some nice Run Run Shaw type fights which does not measure up to the newer ones . If you are looking for satisfcation , forget this one .
 This movie left quite a bit to be desired . The plot had potential , however , for me , it never seemed to get off the ground and get moving . The fight scenes were well done and fast , moving along very well . I enjoyed the fight scenes much more than the rest of the movies , these scenes stood out as well done . Chow Yun Fat stole the show with his easy going mood and quick reactions when attacked . I glimpse of what was to come in his future movie making.Overall , I was disappointed with the movie and feel I must rank it below average .
 Extremely slow paced , even the action scenes have seemingly endless moments of no action.Someone must have thought this was suspense or funny . Total miss.Just a lousy movie overall ; not `` the worst '' I 've ever seen , but one thatis dull , lifeless , non-witty , and has nothing I can recommend.Not funny , not silly , not scary or spooky ; just dull , dim witted , generic.I like the genre , like `` Mr Vampire '' which is great , and I usuallylike the star `` Samo Hung '' in other films , but this is just a waste of time.And the actor 's lines repeat themselves over and over again.It does have nice lighting , sets , and audio ; but otherwise all 3rd rate.I hope your fast forward button runs at 32x .
 On your website it was actually stated that it was acted by Alfred Cheung -LRB- Gui Meng Jiao -RRB- but after i have received the movie it was not.So , i do n't know how to rate .
 I do n't know what 's written on the english box , but on the DVD-box I have it says `` Amazing 30 minutes ending fight '' , but as the movie ended I still have n't seen that fight yet ... During the whole movie there were like 2-3 fights , only one of the worth watching ... I do n't count the fights against the mummy for fights , since all he did was jump around avoiding the mummyIf you like to watch two sourceres -LRB- sp ? -RRB- keep throwing fireballs at each other , this movie might be something for you , but if you 're looking for just a little bit horror , comedy or martial arts , then go look somewhere else , since this movie contains none of those elements : -LRB- Sammo Hung is among the best martial arts actors in the world , so I ca n't believe he would ever do something like this : -LRB-
 I do n't write many reviews here , but this film had none and I just watched it and wanted to help others avoid wasting their time and money.I watched two independent films in one weekend , Rain in the Mountains and Channels . The former suffered from bad acting and unskilled post-production , but had a charming story and acceptable writing . Channels was the exact opposite , with good acting/production but horrible writing . I found the former to be much more forgivable.The film is a mess . It is about a man who finally finds happiness with a fictional woman from a soap opera who is magically brought into his living room every so often due to a lightning strike . Unfortunately , we are given no reason to care about the man or the woman . We have little explanation as to why they are so unhappy at first , and no real feeling that fate was justified in putting them together . They share a couple of tame dates with each other and fall in love , but the middle of the story drags as all the writers could think of was to have them talk and talk about how great those dates were and how much in love they are.The beginning is bearable , the middle is long and torturous , and the end is once again bearable as he tries and save her from being written out of the soap so she can come back one last time forever . Overall , though , the sloppy writing , slow pacing , and bland editing make this a clunker to avoid at all costs . If you still want to see this movie , do n't buy it , I 'll give you my copy .
 This is a fantasy movie about a Hollywood moviemaker who falls in love with a woman from a TV Soap who magically appears from his TV.The move starts very slowly and confusing . The beginning and the ending were annoying.The most pleasant thing about the movie was the performance from the actress Kimberly Oja .
 I watched this mess last night , and I was extremely disappointed . This absolutely has to be the worse movie that I have watched in years . My only joy in this is that I only wasted $ 4 on it instead of $ 30 . The HD picture only enabled me to see how lame the special effects were , granted this was an indie film , but I 've seen better done with less . One particular sequence that stands out is a dream of someone riding a train , and it absolutely had to be the worst CGI that I have ever seen on a pressed disk . Not only was this scene awful , they kept showing it over and over and over again , like they did n't see how bad it was.The plot of the film is just as lame as the special effects . Black is a depressed producer has lightening strike his TV , and the female character that he admires from a crappy syndicated soap opera comes to life in his livingroom . When her show comes on , she disappears , and then returns . black then lets his life spiral down the tubes as he tries to hold on to this woman , which ultimately , he can not do . resulting in him ending up more depressed than he was at the beginning of the film .
 ... and that 's Nat Christian , who did the triple job of writing , directing , and acting . Apparently this stretched him too thin , because Channels suffers from a weak script and a lackluster performance by him as the male lead . In contrast , Kim Oja , the female lead , is a breath of fresh air.The story of `` Channels '' is a pretty straightforward fantasy . A Hollywood producer with professional success but a humdrum personal life falls in love with a TV character . Something inexplicable happens , and she suddenly pops into his life -- and the next day pops out again . When he tracks down the actress who plays the role , he discovers that she 's not the same sweet woman he met ; instead she 's a foul-mouthed shrew . Somehow the TV character has acquired a life in the real world -- except for the time when her show is airing.The two hit it off , with his work and her show forcing brief separations . But then the character is killed off her show , and he goes to great lengths to try to bring her back from TV limbo . I wo n't give away the ending , but that 's probably the weakest part of Christian 's script for this movie.In her dual roles as TV character and the greatly different actress , Kim Oja brings much-needed spirit to `` Channels '' . Taylor Negron , Ed Asner , Joan Van Ark , and John Kassir are quite good in supporting parts . The production values are good , considering this is clearly a low-budget picture . But overall I have to rate `` Channels '' a flop , because Nat Christian 's reach exceeded his grasp .
 this film is really entertaining , and it has some great action sequences that are sure to spark your interest . however , in the remastered DVD version , the overdubbing was remastered as well , and the voices used this time around are 100 % lame . as someone who enjoys the classic , cheesey-style kung-fu movies of the 70s and 80s , i was very upset by this . it really takes away from the whole viewing of the film . but besides that , the new picture and surround sound seemed really crisp . i just wished they had n't changed the dialogue .
 This is not the worst movie in the world , but it is rather slow at times and has some pretty atrocious acting and costumes . There are a couple of nice fight scenes and the ninja action is out of hand , but these scenes are few and far between . The rest of the time is filled with attempts at arty wuxia drama which just does n't work . It was one of the earlier `` arty '' kung fu swordplay movies , so it was novel when it was made , but in hindsight , it is just not nearly as entertaining as later classics like Swordman II , Dragon Inn , etc. . HK fanboys and collectors should check it out for historical reasons , but casual kung fu fans should check out some of those other mentioned titles instead .
 You watch this whole movie to see a fight between the japanese 's best fighter and the chinese 's best fighter . Then at the end the chinese guy doesnt even want to fight . Its already bad enough you sat and watched through the corny and terrible storyline thinking you may at least see a good fight at the end . What happens is you are greatly disappointed and determined to put this movie on the garbage list . Its not even worth a 2nd watch and theres only a handful of kung fu movies that make me feel that way . Examples are the guy with secret kung fu , and hitman in the hand of buhdda . My list of terrible kung fu flicks is low , but this is a lock for it . Do not buy this movie .
 the movie had poor production , poor sound effects , stupid story line , and bad acting !!!
 MAN ! Im soo ashamed . The FOX version says that the movie is `` Digitally Remastered '' and it 's true , but what they DO N'T tell you is that they RUINED the sound effect synchronization !!!!!!! All the sound effects are heard before the action . If you can tolerate this GREAT mistake then you can enjoy this movie , but if you do n't , then stick with the original chinese version.P.S
 I went into this knowing it was going to be brutal and realistic , and it was . I watched it intently with two others , and we all three had the same reaction . It was an ok film , terrific story , but that was about it . there is nothing here that one does n't already know from a historic perspective . Vikings come , and predominately does n't `` discover ' the new world , the glory of that came with Columbus ' journey . The movie tried to tell an interesting story , with a Viking child raised by the natives , who later fights with the natives against the dragon people , or Vikings . This concept is n't really anything new . Dances With Wolves anyone ? I expected better , and for all its intents , is just an ok movie , worth a see , but that is it . I would n't want to see it again . The special features are not that special either . Customary deleted scenes , annoying commentary , boring set features and making of oddities . The only interesting one was about Clancy Brown
 This is another movie in the lines of 10,000 B.C. where you have the ingredients for a fun filled dumbed out action fest , but instead you it cooks for too long , the flavor of fun is burned out , and all you have is the residual DUMB.How could you mess this up ? The story is simple enough . Unlike 10,000 BC , it does n't make the mistake of not really giving us enough action . The problem here is the directing of the action . Darkness is fine , but I still like seeing what I 'm . . seeing . The armor the vikings was so convoluted and generic looking , they were like the old timey equivalent of the convoluted Transformers from the live action movie . Take a camera . Put it in a burlap sack filled with bones , pots , pans , dirt , and some blood . Now give the sack a good shake and splice the footage into this movie in place of the action scenes . Nobody would notice the difference . I did n't love 300 , but at least it got the job done .
 This is potentially the stupidest movie I have ever seen . The special effects are awful , the acting poor , and the story line is dreadful . I paid $ 4 for this DVD and I overpaid !
 I ca n't be more disappointed in a movie . Simple premise used in many other movies
 `` Pathfinder '' is the tale of Ghost , a Viking left behind during a failed raid on North America by the Norse , only to find himself raised in the company of native Americans . When the Vikings return to pillage and kill , however , Ghost must confront his former people and drive them from the land once and for all . It 's a compelling concept loosely based on fact with a heavy dose of the `` what if , '' and considering that Vikings and American Indians have enjoyed so few couplings despite historic record , this could have been a perfect marriage.But that 's where everything falls apart . `` Pathfinder '' is a mess of great ideas poorly executed by director Marcus Nispel , who seems far more intent on visuals than storytelling . And the visuals are certainly pleasing to the eye , despite an overdone use of slow motion . Even his lopsided portrayal of the Norse invaders works when the bad guys are in full armor , as their bestial , almost alien nature is befitting of how they must have appeared to the natives at that time . Still , there is not one believable or well-drawn character in this film -- not even Karl Urban 's Ghost . The lack of empathy would hamstring the story even if it were exceptionally good ... which it is not . Too much of `` Pathfinder '' is men hacking and slashing each other to computer generated spumes of blood , or quite simply men walking from place to place in silence . The unrated director 's cut does nothing to alleviate these issues , but instead throws a few more guts your way as well as a laughable underwater dialog scene.I wanted to like `` Pathfinder , '' but it 's a bad movie , pure and simple . There is some entertainment value to be gleaned from it in terms of candy-coated visuals , violence , and unintended humor -- but if you 're looking for a tale that does the subject matter justice , it looks like you 're on the wrong path .
 Beautiful scenery ? Check . Good fight sequences ? Check . Compelling action ? Check ... sort of . Good characters and a solid plot ? ... well , you ca n't have everything.Sure , I know there was a plot . Left-behind Viking boy saves adopted family from complete annihilation by another wave of Viking warriors . But that 's it . That 's all there was to this story . There 's no in-depth characterization . Nothing to make you root for the good guy other than the fact that , well , he 's the good guy ! No emotional connection to the characters , or between the characters . Yes , we know they respect -LRB- and maybe even love -RRB- each other , but it does n't come through the script or the acting . It 's simply two-dimensional . And while the action scenes were exciting enough , getting to them felt like wading through treacle . I spent a lot of the movie was spent with the ` all right , get on with it ! ' feeling.I suppose it 's fine as far as mindless action flicks go - as I said , it 's very pretty to watch - but I 'd rather spend my time watching * funny * mindless action movies . My guess is , if you loved 300 -LRB- which I 'd rather have watched on fast-forward , just to get most of it up to regular speed -RRB- this would be a movie for you . But if Bad Boys is more your ` blow 'em up action movie ' style , give this one a miss .
 Good grief . Vikings were certainly as mean and nasty as , say , the Mongols , though I think for body count of innocent victims the Mongols would win hands -LRB- feet , and heads -RRB- down.After 15 years this boy remembers his native tongue perfectly . He also managed somehow to learn expert swordsmanship and Viking style fighting by the age of 7 or so ... all of which he remembered as he practiced by himself over the years.The movie answered once and for all the question of nature vs. nurture . I realize most video gamers never heard these terms or understands what they mean . It 's mostly nurture it turns out.This movie is definitely entertaining . I learned a lot . I did n't know more Vikings appeared as the original ones were killed off ... no matter the attrition rate up until the end their numbers stayed pretty constant ... spontaneous generation of full grown full of hate Vikings ? Maybe.I also would never have guessed that Vikings were in the game just to kill and maim etc etc. . I thought they were after loot too ... but nothing seems to interest them as they rummage around villages they as they destroy them.I was also surprised that the Vikings would cross giant mountain ranges just to kill easy to kill natives ... and come to think of it why did n't the natives loot the wrecked Viking ship for swords and other useful stuff ? Like maybe portable GPS gear ? I mean , your average gamer probably does n't realize they did n't have such technology.Anyone who takes this movie as seriously factual is in need of further education if he/she is over ten years of age . It 's great fun and worth ten bucks . Glad I did n't pay more . If you want to learn anything about native american culture , viking culture , or history you best not get this movie . If you know anything about these things keep it to yourself as you watch ... And just exactly what breed of dog did those natives have ??????
 I did n't even finish watching this one . Violent just for the sake of violence . Do n't waste your time or money .
 this is one of the most violent movies i have ever seen . while it is well done . . the acting is n't bad . . the editing etc is ok . . and all the gory , non-stop violence is certainly convincing . i did n't like the depiction of native peoples as , sort of , flower children who needed a white savior to protect and save them . and i did n't enjoy someone being guted , decapated , choped in half , every two minitues for the entire move . not exactly a brilliant plot . i threw the DVD away .
 Ok , this movie is soooo cheap , its filled with bad acting , ugly action , and a really bad story , its a waste of money , wait for it on cinemax or something then you will uderstand .
 I ca n't understand that I saw as many good reviews of this movie as I did . I thought this was quite possibly one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The acting was terrible , the plotline was convoluted , and it seemed to drag on with no point.I was n't fooled at all be the CG blood and gore either . This movie is a waste of anyones time and I do n't recommend that anyone watch it .
 The Vikings had settlements in north America . They did n't raid the places where they settled . The settlements were found , they were n't . Did you wonder why ?
 You can lecture me on history and wisdom but the bottom line is that this movie was terrible.I was looking forward to see Karl Urban in a lead roll since he 's done a very good job as a supporting actor and let me tell you he was a huge dissappointment . He cant carry a movie yet.The native americans all looked hispanic , they had a strong anglo accent , and they all had teeth that made them look like the chic from the orbit commercials -LRB- anyone heard of make-up -RRB- . Im not going to write any spoilers but this movie had some serious plot holes . People just got up and left and the ones who stayed were talking and laughing and no one cared . I was really looking forward to this movie and it was soo poorly done .
 This movie was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Literally , its in the top five worst movies of all time . There was n't a single ounce of story driven content on the screen . There was maybe 5 words spoken in the entire film , and there was no reason behind anything that anyone did . You feel absolutely nothing for any of the characters . O wait , I felt something . I was hoping everyone would just die so the movie would end . But no , it kept going on and on and on , just showing more Viking deaths and killings , but getting nowhere in the process . `` Lets make a movie with no story , and we can throw in random , choppy `` fight '' sequences to make up for it ! '' That 's probably what the director was thinking when creating this movie . Too bad the fighting scenes are terrible . The editing is terrible . One second the characters are over here attacking a Viking , the very next shot has them in a entirely different scene fighting someone else . Did I mention there is no story behind all this ? It 's just a montage of random killings . There is also no logic to back it up either . `` Let us climb onto a mountain pass , and lets tie ourselves together , so if one falls , we all fall ! '' You 'll no what I mean when you see it -LRB- although I highly , HIGHLY recommend you do n't waste your money AND time -RRB- . So to end this review of a worthless , terrible , despicable and time-wasting movie , I will again say there is no story . Only random , gory deaths that had nothing to do with anything . I again recommend you skip this , unless you really enjoy films with absolutely no story and lots of cheesy , laughable -LRB- although they were going for the opposite effect -RRB- deaths .
 While beautifully filmed and lit , this movie never begins , and never gets off the ground . Performances are wooden , and superficial . Our hero never brings his character to life . Our heroine is not desirable . Russel Means as The Pathfinder seems mummified and/or on life-support . Production is overdone , and the Nemesis is not believable , even for Fantasy , made me feel embarrassed and self-conscious , even though I watched it alone . The plot and premise and denouement were just plain silly and made no sense .
 A long time ago , a Columbus scholar came to my undergrad college to continue a debate about the significance of Columbus ' discovery of America . I , being the snarky student that I was , asked a question around the Viking discovery of America
 This is the setting
 Supposedly this film was a remake of the Norwegian film Pathfinder -LRB- Ofelas -RRB- . I find that extremely hard to believe . The Norwegian film was quite well done and unlike the Conan-ish poop pile recently released , had a very good story . Others have gone into greater detail as to why this movie is so awful . I will just say that every time Hollywood does another worthless remake I get the feeling that they are getting more devoid of creativity and pathetically desperate . Do yourself a favor , avoid this and see the original.Pathfinder
 This movie is very much like Apocalypto in three ways.First , it 's a chase movie . In Pathfinder , a Viking man raised by the Native American was pursed by the Vikings . In Apocalypto , a central American native was hunted by men from another tribe . Second , the time was long long ago . Third both the movies are violent . That 's where the similarity ends.The color in Apocalypto is vivid and beautiful while the color in Pathfinder is dull , and dark - it contains only black , dark brown , brown , dark green , and a little white . In many scenes , it 's so dark I could hardly see what the actors were doing.There 's no suspense in Pathfinder . I was not afraid for the main character 's life when he was wounded . On the contrary , in Apocalypto , I was emotionally attached to the movie . I cared for the main actor 's life . I kept wondering what 's going to happen next.The fighting scenes in Pathfinder are not exciting at all . Partially , it 's because it 's too dark . Most of all , it 's because the acting does not look as realistic as the one in Apocalypto.No wonder it 's a flop at the box office . I regret renting this movie .
 I read all the bad reviews on Pathfinder and even read that the release date kept getting pushed back because of horrible test screenings , but I walked in the theater with an open mind . The story sounds cool enough and I really wanted to at least have an enjoyable time . Having wasted two hours of my life and nearly ten bucks , I will hopefully save everyone reading this your time and money . I left the movie with not one good thing to say about it . Say what you will about 300 , at least it entertained me . Pathfinder makes 300 look like the best epic action film to ever be made . The dialogue is beyond the worst I ever heard in a feature film and the acting is good for more than a few laughs . The action scenes are the main reason I wanted to see the film , but they were n't inventive and it was hard to tell what was going on . If you must see this movie , catch it on TV for free . You should n't have to wait more than a few weeks .
 I 've been waiting for Pathfinder 's release for a very long time since I saw the trailer in a theater . I had big expectations because the trailer looked pretty promising - you know , when you got this feeling the upcoming movie will utterly impress you ... I had this feeling , I thought it 'd be one of the greatest recent action flicks . And I was extremely disappointed , Pathfinder is such a let-down , definately a multi-million dollar budget down the drain . I 'll try to explain.Many historians believe that about 600 years before Columbus vikings were travelling by sea and reached America . That seems to be true because they had great boats and visited the remotest corners of the world , they were in Greenland and that 's pretty close to America . Anyway even if they never came to America it does n't matter because cinema is here for us to make crazy assumptions and to speculate on something that hypothetically could occur . So - vikings are on the Eastern coast of America . They kill everyone they meet and havoc indian villages . Then a small boy is left behind who is later raised by native americans . After 15 years norsemen come back to bring everyone death one more time , only now the boy who had grown up will stand against them.I liked Marcus Nispel 's Texas Chainsaw Massacre . No matter if it was better or worse than the original , that film was done professionally and masterfully concerning all the aspects of cinematography . So I was expecting the same from Pathfinder . And for its first 5 minutes it lived up to my expectations . But then strange things began . The scene where the main character -LRB- played by Karl Urban -RRB- is sliding down the hill on a shield trying to escape from the vikings who chase him on indian sleigh reminded me of some worst moments from James Bond movies and made the audience in the theater laugh . To say the least it looked just silly . It was the first moment that made me frown and . There were lots of such moments and lots of flaws . Here 's an example - vikings are chasing Urban 's character and his girl through the woods at night . They see their traces on the ground and the viking leader says
 It `` could '' have been fun , but they did n't manage to quite get there.For one , it falls victim to a trend I have noted a lot in recent films
 lot 's of gore and gut 's . very poor dialog and acting.the plot was promisingbut after 15 minutes it was a forced `` Tarzan meets Rambo meets Conan '' .
 This movie is one of the worst films I 've ever seen . Horrible dialogs , bad acting and historically this film is about as accurate as Scotland winning world war II .
 I shudder when I conceive of the type person who considers this an excellent film ! This film is non-ending gore , bloodshed and butchery from start to finish . Since I do n't usually consider this my normal type of entertainment , I found it shocking and disgusting . On a more subliminal level , I found it also hilarious , a perfect candidate for that old Comedy Central TV show `` Mystery Theater 3000 '' -LRB- where a film was shown while being amusingly panned by an audience -RRB- . Typical Scene 1
 This has to be the worst example of graphic novel turned into a movie that I 've yet to see . Nothing about it seems accurate -- from the smiling , perfectly made-up and coiffed early Indians to the lack-lustre choice of Ken Urban as the bigger-than-life hero . Indians in those long-ago days were either totally naked or they wore very little . In this flick , they 're all covered to the gills in layers of neatly pressed costumes withnot a smudge on them . The indians are so glossy and well-fed and cute that they could be models from a Sears Catalogue . Urban is in no way a physically heroic figure . He could be your nextdoor neighbor who works for Wal-Mart . He 's flat looking with no pecs or powerful looking limbs . I think this is why the movie 300 proved to be such a staggering blockbuster . At least , the main characters were amazingly glorious looking . Urban should have spent at least a week or two in the gym before making his movie . The overall movie has the poor little indians victims of the terrible Vikings . It 's like the writers processed their script through a Politically Correct food grinder to come up with this embarassingly bad movie . About the only good looking thing about this movie is the DVD box and the previews . At least they gave a hint of what could have been .
 I ca n't be more disappointed in a movie . Simple premise used in many other movies
 With scenes lifted straight out of `` The Last of the Mohicans '' and `` Alexander Nevsky , '' `` Pathfinder '' is little more than a 107-minute-long exercise in nonstop gore and bloodletting.Located in a sepia-toned forest that looks like a leftover set from the `` Lord of the Rings '' movies , `` Pathfinder '' chronicles the ongoing battle between a tribe of peace-loving Native Americans and a bunch of blood-thirsty Vikings who invade their land . As the movie opens , an Indian woman stumbles across a frightened little boy , the sole survivor seemingly of a Viking raiding party . She takes him to her tribe where he is brought up as one of their own . Then , after the boy has grown to full manhood , a new group of Viking warriors lands on shore to once again rape , ravish and pillage the native population ad infinitum and ad nauseam . The young man now gets to defend his adoptive people against his native one.Once we get beyond the corny , self-reverential dialogue and all the pantheistic mumbo-jumbo common to movies of this type , we 're pretty much left with just the violence in the film , which is so constant and so over-the-top that it becomes utterly ludicrous after awhile . The mud-soaked , grungy look so painstakingly established by the costume and makeup departments is almost completely undermined by the fact that all of these 9th Century savages have the most amazingly glittery , perfectly aligned teeth this side of a Crest Whitestrips ad.Despite this rather amusing orthodontic anomaly , I 'm afraid your enjoyment of `` Pathfinder '' will depend largely on just how many decapitations and impalings you 're willing to put up with in a two-hour period .
 The story behind Pathfinder is that a crew of Vikings raid the coast of North America , killing all the Indians they see . One young boy , about 8-10 years old , refuses his father 's order to kill Indian children and is left behind when the Vikings leave . He is then raised by an Indian woman , accepted but not entirely by the tribe . 15 years later the Vikings return and the boy now a man has to defend his adopted people.What a load of stinking , festering garbage this movie is . Its affront to history is unbelievable , as is everything that happens in this film . The makers got absolutely nothing right with the Vikings . The swords and axes they are carrying are not authentic , but some cheap fantasy made up in a Hollywood prop house . None of them are carrying spears even though this was a favorite weapon of Vikings . One of them is using a flail which wo n't be invented for another 200 years . The helmets they are wearing are abominable . They are not the correct shape or size and Vikings did not wear horns on them . Some of them are wearing shoulder pauldrons and chest plates . Again , not used in Northern Europe for a few hundred years . Some of the Vikings were riding war horses . If this was raiding party , the ships they were using would be small and light to cross the water fast . No room for giant horses . The boy would not have been part of any raid . Why would a band of seasoned Vikings raiders , coming to plunder , rape and steal , bring along a 10 year old boy ? Besides that Vikings never raided in North America . They tried to settle here and begin trading with the Indians . Hostilities eventually arose because of a language barrier and cultural differences . Because the Indians greatly outnumbered the Vikings , the Norse eventually left and gave up colonizing North America.Even if you overlook the travesty of the Viking portrayal , this is still a stupid movie for so many reasons . When the Vikings come back after 15 years and have wiped out the village and the one they left behind is the only one left , they recognize that he is not an Indian . So they give him a sword to see if he can fight . Yeah , that 's what you want to do . Deliberately arm your unarmed enemy . Then he kills one Viking and plucks anothers eye out with the tip of the sword . So somehow during 15 years with the Indians , who do n't use swords to fight , he has become a master of the broad sword . Later in the film he is supposedly leading the Vikings to the next village so they can do some more slaughtering . An Indian woman he is in love with is angry at him for complying . To let her know that he is tricking the Vikings , he says something like `` they come from the land of endless snow . They do n't know about our spring . '' He then begins to lead them across a frozen lake that is thawing because of the rising temperatures and the ice breaks , killing several of the Norsemen . Newsflash
 I almost never totally pan films or books I take in , but this one is a deserving exception . I have never seen such a lousy interpretation of history as this film hands us and , as the author of an historical novel about Vikings and Indians in North America circa 1050 AD -LRB- The King of Vinland 's Saga -RRB- , I am particularly qualified to comment.I spent a decade researching the Norse incursions into North America before undertaking my novel and can say with confidence that there is absolutely no reason to imagine any of the kind of horrific , horror film stuff portrayed in this movie was ever perpetrated by vikings on American shores . Setting aside for a second that all the evidence about the Norse suggests they did not wear horned helmets , as they are shown doing here , the film has them riding huge mounted steeds as they run down the hapless Indians.Considering how hard it was to get over to North America , even from nearby Greenland , in the small open ships they relied on , there is absolutely no reason to believe -LRB- let alone evidence -RRB- that they came here with horses . Indeed , even in the heyday of the vikings -LRB- which is actually MUCH earlier than the events portrayed here -RRB- , the Norse , Danes and Swedes rarely sailed with horses at all . Sometimes they carried livestock , possibly including horses , in their knorrs -LRB- wide beamed trading vessels quite unlike their feared dragon ships -RRB- for settlement purposes , but viking raiders never brought their horses along for battle . Period . And they did n't fight from horseback either but , rather , dismounted and fought on foot in the much vaunted shield wall -LRB- among other formations -RRB- . The vikings portrayed in this film are inhuman monsters who appear like ferocious automatons and whose sole aim is to exterminate the natives in the area so they can `` colonize '' the country -- it 's someone 's nightmarish view of ethnic cleansing circa the tenth or eleventh centuries . This , too is patently absurd . The real Norse who came here tried to trade and otherwise get on with the native population according to the actual saga record . Unfortunately , misunderstandings soon led to violence and the overwhelming numeric superiority of the natives made the difference as the locals drove them out . The Norse settlers were certainly guilty of contempt for the human beings they found living on American shores at times , and some of them were callously brutal -LRB- as in Thorvald Eiricsson 's visit in the wake of his brother , Leif 's , earlier expedition -RRB- . But the idea of killing off the locals was unthinkable . There were way too few Norse out of Greenland -LRB- a very small outpost on the edge of the known European world -RRB- for them to even hope to accomplish that , let alone to need such a removal in order to make room for themselves.The Indians in this movie , too , are portrayed abominably . They are invariably shown as kind hearted , gentle souls who fall prey to the ferocity of the relentless viking monsters invading their shores . The poor Indians are taken entirely unawares by the cruelty and savagery of these invaders -LRB- who , as mentioned by others elsewhere , seem more like Klingons , or even Borg , from Star Trek episodes than they do actual Norsemen from the outer edges of Europe -RRB- . There is not even a hint that the Indians were themselves quite formidable hunters and fighters , more than a match on their own turf for Europeans in an age before gunpowder . Steel swords and shields were an advantage for the Norse , to be sure , but not nearly as much as guns and cannon later proved to be.Moreover , we know from the record that many of the Indian tribes were quite fierce themselves and that those in the Iroquois/Pawnee/Aztec family -LRB- who appear to have been linguistically and culturally related despite the distances between them -RRB- , for instance , were not averse to torturing and killing helpless enemies . They also engaged in slaving as readily as the Europeans who ultimately overran them in later times and were themselves often prone to a little `` ethnic cleansing '' . The Europeans did n't have a monopoly on that and they certainly were n't horned helmeted humanoids looking to eradicate lesser species as this film makes the Norse out to have been.Overall this movie , though it is certainly fast-paced , is an utterly false and misleading interpretation of history . Though the cinematography is nice , despite its unrealistic nightmarish quality , the whole thing looks and feels like little more than a comic book come to life . Well , maybe that is what the filmmakers intended . But that is still no excuse to propagate such an impoverished and misleading view of actual history or to give us characters without any inner dimension at all.I spent years getting the facts for my novel right and , frankly , I was looking forward to this film when I first heard about it , especially because of the subject matter . But the dark , nightmarish , blood drenched vision it presents completely distorts history with a story that even lacks the semblance of reality as the Karl Urban character teaches himself the highest level of swordsmanship after having been separated from his `` Norse '' heritage for some 15 years since having been discovered as a boy , the lone survivor of his ship , by a sensitive , caring native American woman . In the boy 's nightmarish recollections , he recalls his brutal viking father beating him mercilessly because he refused to use his sword to slay an Indian child as commanded . This too is simply nuts as the Norse loved and cherished their children no less than any other people . There 's little reason to think that a Norse father , having brought his son along on a raid -LRB- even if raids on the North American coast like this were n't anachronisms , at best -RRB- , would have then nearly beat him to death for failing to do his bidding . Or that the leader of the later expedition would kill one of his own men out of pique some 15 years later . Indeed , the number of vikings in his crew seem , on screen , to be inexhaustible so there 's no reason for him to worry about killing a few if they get under his skin . But , of course , in reality that is ridiculous since , in a foreign land , far from home , the numbers you 've got with you count . Moreover , Norse crews were notoriously democratic and followed their leaders not from fear but from a committment to common goals or personal loyalty . It 's not easy to be loyal to a leader who murders his own men at the drop of a hat.Were there brutal Norsemen ? Certainly . Were the vikings fierce and fearsome raiders ? This is well known . But vikings never actually raided the coast of North America because there was nothing here to take , only land to settle , and vikings were n't settlers . When the Norse actually found North America it was , in fact , at the tail end of the viking age , the people who came here being farmers looking for better land than they had available in Greenland . The odds that any of them had had any real experience as sea raiding vikings were minute . This film does an injustice to the memory of the Norse and to those seeing it today because of its historic distortions and hopelessly thin storyline . I 'm glad I missed it in the movies . I should have skipped it in DVD , too.SWM
 Reading the reviews on this site and on another , I have to admit I was duely warned . Many if not most of the criticisms levelled against the movie , Pathfinder , seemed pretty on the spot . And yet I did enjoy the movie , at least on the level of action & adventure.In my opinion , the movie has invested almost all of its creativity into style , but everything else pretty much suffers . Things like plot , character development , and acting are uneven at best , and sometimes just embarassingly misplaced . Even the setting was unrealistic ; in minutes I realized that the film was not shot on the east coast of Canada , where Vikings historically landed , but found out in the credits that the film was done in British Colombia . This disregard to accuracy is seen in many places and contributed to the unbelievability of the story . It 's sad , because I like the idea of this story & I enjoyed the style in which it was photographed . But there 's so many other things that detract from the movie that I ca n't give it more than two stars .
 This is n't P.C. but I 'm going to say it , Vikings are cooler than Indians . If you agree with that , you probably will not like this film . First , the Viking 's are cartoons , caricatures not resembling historical Vikings in the least . In the film they more closely resemble zombies or orc 's accompanied by the sound effects of dogs barking or a subtle lion 's growl when speaking . They are faceless and silly.Undoubtedly due to political correctness the Indians are angelic , and plain . Unfortunately the audience spends plenty of ` down time ' with them leading to many drawn out scenes , slowing the pace of the film . The filmmakers took liberties only with their habitats which are strongly reminiscent of the ewok village.Again , due to political correctness the Indians are the angels and the Vikings are the devils , but unfortunately the filmmakers did n't have the gall to make an Indian the protagonist . Instead the hero 's an orphaned Caucasian ! The premise is the Vikings do n't colonize because the Indians fight them off . -LRB- If you 're familiar with world history at all , ` liberties ' taken in this film may also diminish it . -RRB- But by putting a Caucasian as the hero instead of an Indian , the filmmakers are inadvertently saying that an Indian lead would n't be attractive or palatable enough for a mainstream audience . At the same time they are belittling the Indians by saying , they could n't have fought off the Viking 's with out the leadership of a white man . This film was obviously sculpted into something they wanted politically correct but instead it is riddled with irony.The plusses , the cinematography was great . Visually the film was attractive and Clancy brown -LRB- highlander -RRB- as the lead Viking was fantastic . He learned Icelandic for the role and made me want to see him in his own film.But this film , Pathfinder ... not so good .
 Pathfinder holds the World Record for most heads chopped off in a single movie -LRB- even topping Conan the Barbarian -RRB- . Frankly I lost count.The movie could have been good if the producers had worked on a couple things...-more dialogue -LRB- I did n't even know the main character 's name -RRB- - more LIGHT -LRB- never has daytime seemed so dark -RRB- - lose the silly underwater scene -LRB- silly -RRB- - better use of Clancy Brown -LRB- he 'll always be the Kurgan to me -RRB- - more heads being chopped off -LRB- just kidding , there 's plenty of that -RRB- Pathfinder does have plenty of action . It also excels at making the Vikings uber bad-guys . I would NOT want to be a Viking.The DVD also includes some interesting featurettes and a commentary track -LRB- I think the director sees more artisitc flair in the film than I was getting -RRB- . All-in-all this is a standard action film with little else to offer . Definite rental - ONLY .
 This story about a Viking child found in a wrecked longship and raised by Indians , somewhere in XI century in what is today Canada , had the potential to be a great film . Sadly , the uber-idiotic scenario destroyed this film as completely as a raid of Norsemen against a Skraeling 's village.Life of a strange looking child amongst an Indian tribe was by itself an occasion for some good cinema moments - but we hardly see anything about it . Then the whole idea of a contact between two so completely different cultures -LRB- Vikings and Indians -RRB- was another occasion - which was also ignored . Vikings are shown as hairy grunting monsters , interested only in killing and torture , as they take no prisoners and there is hardly anything worth plundering in Indian villages -LRB- in real history Vikings expeditions from Greenland came to Vinland mostly to look for timber -RRB- . Indians by contrast are very noble and civilized , but they are also all completely hapless when facing the Norsemen - the only guy able to fight them seems to be Ghost -LRB- Karl Urban -RRB- , the white child who is now an adult man . Also , excepted for Ghost , all Indians are idiots who let themselves lure in the most evident traps ... There is virtually no conversations in this film , just an accumulation of action scenes , which are all the same - a Viking comes swinging and boom , Ghost kills him . Another Viking comes , and boom , Ghost kills him . Then some Indians are butchered by Vikings . Then boom , Ghost kills more Vikings . Etc , etc. . There seems to be a love story between Ghost and Starfire , an Indian girl played by Moon Bloodgood -LRB- who by the way is half-White , half-Korean -RRB- , but both actors play it in such a wooden way , that a couple of days after watching this film I already forgot that there even was a love story.As if all those things were not enough let 's just stress here , that in the real history things were the exact opposite of what this film shows - the relentless hostility and agressivity of Skraelings forced Viking settlers -LRB- who were very few and who were farmers rather than raiders -RRB- to evacuate Vinland after only a brief attempt to settle there around year 1000 . Later Greenland Vikings visited Vinland mostly to bring timber and hunt deer for meat and hides , as forests in Greenland were rare and the big game completely absent.It is amazing how bad is this film especially considering that it is a remake of a very original and much , much better Norwegian film `` Pathfinder '' -LRB- a.k.a. `` Ofelas '' -RRB- , which very desservedly was nominated for Oscar of best Foreign Language film in 1988 . There are some nice pictures of snowy mountains and this is the only good moment in this awful , horribly bad film which bored me almost to death . Avoid it at all costs and watch the original 1987 Norwegian `` Pathfinder '' instead .
 Some pitches are completely foolproof that you could n't screw them up if you tried . Vikings versus Native Americans is one of them , so credit where credit 's due to director Marcus Nispel for turning Pathfinder into such a yawn . An incredibly loose remake of Nils Gaup 's acclaimed 1987 Norwegian film relocated to America centuries before Columbus , it sees Karl Urban as the sole survivor of a previous Viking expedition who was adopted by a local tribe and now has to find out where he really belongs if he is to save them from a new group of unwanted Norse immigrants . The opening discovery of the Vikings wrecked ship is encouragingly atmospheric , but the film does n't take long to disappoint . The script offers everything you need for a decent action film , but does n't deliver characters you care about , and unfortunately the film is denied even a charismatic lead to fill the gaps with old-fashioned star power . Karl Urban makes for a particularly bland void at the film 's center , playing his entire part like a very shy kid on his first day a school who does n't really want to be noticed . He 's matched by the anonymous villain of the piece . Clancy Brown 's Viking is more a costume and a hairstyle with no room for anything else , his subtitled dialogue not adding authenticity -LRB- hardly in a priority in a film whose look is inspired by old pulp novel covers and Hells Angels movies -RRB- but making him a distant , underdeveloped adversary.So , everything hinges on the action scenes , but here Nispel offers lots of style but little panache . Backlit swamps , desaturated shorelines and algae green tints ensure that America looks like somewhere you would n't want to visit let alone fight for , while the action scenes look designed to be intercut with a particularly bad Heavy Metal group singing about thunder and plunder rather than as scenes in a movie . There 's far too much slo-mo , which does n't make action scenes more exciting but just makes them slow . Not that the film allows you to ever really get into the frequent action scenes . There 's little sense of a journey or even of progressing from one scene to another , just a couple of perfunctory shots to get from one scene to the next as quickly as possible , and the fights are treated in the same perfunctory manner . This monotonous pacing ensures there are no highs and that no scene ever carries any real weight or is allowed to build to a climax
 the whole acting crew and site setting are great , but the story is quite boring , good to watch , not worth to keep it !
 A brief history lesson -- the Vikings were the first Europeans to land in the Americas , almost five hundred years before Columbus . They even settled down to live there for awhile , though it did n't last.There 's a brilliant movie somewhere in that story -- an epic of exploration , discovery and struggle between two very different peoples . Too bad `` Pathfinder '' is n't that movie , with its mindless action , ridiculous characters , and a pompous stream of wretched dialogue and silly direction . It 's a disaster , pure and simple.An American Indian woman found a little boy abandoned in the ruin of a Viking ship , and brought him bck to her people , where he was renamed Ghost and brought up as one of them . But though Ghost -LRB- Karl Urban -RRB- becomes strong and well-liked , he 's still haunted by his Viking past -- until the day he sees dragon boats coming to shore , and his village is brutally slaughtered.Wounded and left for dead , Ghost is found by a hunting party that includes Starfire -LRB- Moon Bloodgood -RRB- , the token love interest . When the Vikings find him again , he must outwit the small army of Vikings , protect his remaining people from them -- and finally settle his divided feelings about his own identity.Yeah , it 's all a cliche -- outcast hero raised among peaceful people , finds inner peace by kicking savage butts of his birth race . Even in the hands of a good director this would be staggeringly unexiting -- and it is n't in the hands of a good director . It 's in Marcus `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre Remake '' Nispel 's hands.And Nispel has clearly decided that this is his magnum opus
 I never go by someone else 's review when I want to see a movie ; I choose by story-line . This sounded like a good story . This movie was a middle-school production -LRB- financed by HSBC
 Good premise for sure but the execution was sloppy . Too many quick cuts , poor lighting and poorly set up . All combined to make the action very difficult to follow . Rent , do not buy .
 If it was n't for the cartoon -LRB- CGI -RRB- blood squirts coming out of every blow , this might have been halfway tolerable.There is alot of violence only there to shock you and perhaps make the movie better . But it 's just there for the sake of being violent and does n't do anything for the movie . The writing is terrible.The one redeeming factor for Pathfinder is the costumes and sets . They are kind of out of place because they 're pretty good . However the lighting guys decided to ruin that too.Save yourself the time , money and feeling stupid for purchasing this DVD .
 the movie was ok but was pretty annoying . That man left behind would of been killed in five minutes if it was close to realistic .
 Viking raiders could n't have make it here . Big disappointment . But of course a historically accurate movie about farmers trying to make a living and getting killed would n't had selled as much now would it ? It takas real work to make THAT interesting.After the Screenwriters strikes some years ago , Hollywood 's screenwriting went to hell ... and this shows .
 Pointless , gratuitous violence and two-dimensional characters , lacking in any historical or philosophical meaning . It 's a completely biased and inaccurate portrayal of Vikings and a stereotypical , lame portrayal of Native Americans.I guess if you are looking for a mindless dark horror fantasy then you will enjoy this , but it has no redemptive value whatsoever .
 A ruthless murderous movie about ainciet viking mercenarie warriors killing north american indians.The vikings considered the indians to be crazy people.A white boy survivor abandenned from past viking mercenary missions , raised by an indian tribe , seeks revenge against the next viking gang of mercenaries for the indian tribe that raised him .
 THIS IS HORRIBLE ... . BEING NORWEGIAN , WE THOUGHT IT WOULD BE INTERESTING AT THE VERY LEAST ... IT 'S NOT . THANK GOODNESS I DID N'T PAY FOR IT , I GOT IT WITH PEPSI POINTS , BUT IT WAS A WASTE OF POINTS ... VERY DISAPPOINTING , IT SOUNDS LIKE IT WILL BE GOOD , BUT ... NOT !!!!
 I am a fantasy/horror fan in the darkest sense of the genre , so I was ecstatic to hear that the director of the great TCM re-make was doing a dark fantasy movie , I was very excited . What could be better than the merging of these two worlds ? A lot more apparently.This film is an unfocused vision . A study in what could have been . The stark contrast of the cinematography is a constant distraction from the meandering story and constantly changing weather patterns , geography , and landscapes . The pacing drags for the first 3o minutes and then takes off aimlessly . One minute the Hero is off to hunt in the woods with his Lil Sister , then he is standing at the top a snow covered mountain gathering pelts . This all happens moments after he promised lil sis he would protect her . How can he protect her if she is at the base of the mtn . in the woods , while he is at the summit ? Complete lapses of logic like this ruin any sense of suspense or dread that may have been building.Too many crazy leaps in geography are also to blame for the collapse of this film . Hero walks thru spring forest , then across snow covered shore and frozen lake , then in primeval forest . What ? The final battle takes place on a Mountain where the snow is coming down , the valley below is green and spring . How ? Indian magic?The story is equally pathetic . I lost interest at the 1 hour mark , but hung in til almost the end . I shut it off with a wish of better things to come . Avoid this one !
 Vikings and Indians . Living Indians dead Vikings , and that 's before the carnage ... A great movie except for the garbage . Well acted , realistic , except for the cartoons ... of course the vikings on raids were bloodthirsty murderous thugs , but they did not , by and large , actually step out of cheap video games ... do you know , they actually TOOK THEIR HELMETS OFF sometimes ? They were n't CREATURES from TOLKIEN , they were human beings who did terrible things ... that 's your movie , who WERE those guys ? How could they do those things ? Most of the vikings in this movie were like animate chess pieces with breath , their arms and legs moved , they made sounds , but these were pieces from a game box , not people , and usually not interesting . . At least one reviewer seems to feel this movie was on a par with living history , that we essentially go back in time and see the world as it was , one thousand years ago ... kinda hard to tell , ai n't it ? I mean , what was he doing one thousand years ago , that he would know , you know?Pathfinder could have and should have been a great movie . It was there in bits and pieces , scattered throughout the billowing reams of fast forward viking style horror/slasher movie total predictability ... you know the one where everyone thinks the creature is dead , BUT ITS NOT ! ... uh , if the movie 's makers had actually decided to make ONE MOVIE , and not three or four dissonant fragments , it might have been extraordinary ... again , the pieces , the examples , the possibiities were there ... the reality missed badly ... too bad , there was some good acting and some fine moments ... What a movie it might have been ...
 I 'm not sure why people feel the need to write 8-10 paragraphs about a film.I love action films , and enjoy the stupid ones , if they have something to offer.There is nothing here for anyone.All the boring parts are long and drawn out . All the action scenes are ... . well ... I 'd say `` too quick '' but they are tiresome to look at even as fast as they are.The director apparently believed in the Extreme Close Up . Then to createtension he puts the camera on a Paint mixer to shake it up a bit for the actionscenes . You never know where anyone is in relation to another.Note that every shot in this film is just a part of the body . Watch 300 or Apocalipto , then watchthis , and you 'll see a BIG difference . the both know how to show ACTION . This filmis a Hand , an eye , something metal flying past camera , a foot , a tree , a fist hittingsomething , and then the lower part of someone 's face talking.I know the previews make this film look god , but do n't waste your time .
 A brief history lesson -- the Vikings were the first Europeans to land in the Americas , almost five hundred years before Columbus . They even settled down to live there for awhile , though it did n't last.There 's a brilliant movie somewhere in that story -- an epic of exploration , discovery and struggle between two very different peoples . Too bad `` Pathfinder '' is n't that movie , with its mindless action , ridiculous characters , and a pompous stream of wretched dialogue and silly direction . It 's a disaster , pure and simple.An American Indian woman found a little boy abandoned in the ruin of a Viking ship , and brought him bck to her people , where he was renamed Ghost and brought up as one of them . But though Ghost -LRB- Karl Urban -RRB- becomes strong and well-liked , he 's still haunted by his Viking past -- until the day he sees dragon boats coming to shore , and his village is brutally slaughtered.Wounded and left for dead , Ghost is found by a hunting party that includes Starfire -LRB- Moon Bloodgood -RRB- , the token love interest . When the Vikings find him again , he must outwit the small army of Vikings , protect his remaining people from them -- and finally settle his divided feelings about his own identity.Yeah , it 's all a cliche -- outcast hero raised among peaceful people , finds inner peace by kicking savage butts of his birth race . Even in the hands of a good director this would be staggeringly unexiting -- and it is n't in the hands of a good director . It 's in Marcus `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre Remake '' Nispel 's hands.And Nispel has clearly decided that this is his magnum opus
 This movie was horrible ! I have never written a review before , but if I can save one person from wasting their 107 minutes it will be worth it . It was so bad that I fell asleep halfway through and once I woke up , I did not need to rewind to get caught up . Oh , Look at me I am a guy whose a viking that was raised by Indian . Those mean viking came back and tried to kill all of my Indian friends , guess all I have to do now is sneak around and kill those mean Vikings . The End .
 way to violent , did not even watch the whole movie , violent beyond discription , could have been good if more time was spent on a real story , too bad
 Though the movie does have some redeeming qualities with its cinematography ; it lacks a decent story line , it is kill , kill and more kill from beginning to end . I am not sure what I expected but it is not worth the two hours .
 I was excited about this movie when i purchased it . The setting for the story seemed like a good idea , and the action scenes had been compared to 300 . The action scenes did turn out to be decent , so if thats all you want then you should be pleased . It gets two stars because the dialogue is terrible , and the acting isnt much better . Some of the dialogue in the movie is so horrible its comical . Not a good thing for a serious action movie .
 This movie is very bad . It 's like a very bad copy of Apocalipto . Do n't waste your time watching this movie .
 If you expect some other thing than lots of fighting , spilling blood , cutting limbs and running , avoid this flick.I could n't help but remember and compare this one to `` Apocalypto '' -LRB- as other reviewer pointed out -RRB- and `` The 13th Warrior '' , and just felt sorry for it.I ca n't agree at all with the star review , the one Amazon put in front , regarding what it says about indians representation in this film . Is the worst I have seen in times . For starters , the times when indians only spoke English in Hollywood films are well left behind . The scenes where the whole tribe do not do other thing than walk around the same spot , shaking hands and touching kids heads , almost made me sick.For the Vikings -LRB- ? -RRB- portrait , just read the comment from a REAL Icelandic -LRB- yes , from ICELAND -RRB- guy in IMDB . I will just say that out of my little or zero knowledge of Vikings raids in VIII , IX and X centuries I believe that they did not carry horses , at least not in such number , in their raids covering almost all European shores from actual England and France to Italy in Mediterranean Sea .
 Not the audience , that 's for sure . Obviously inspired by the director 's days playing with his plastic Vikings and Indians on the living room carpet rather than historical research , Pathfinder is n't even enjoyably brain-dead . The cinematography is murky , the action scenes lack rhythm , and the blood and guts -LRB- not to mention nudity -RRB- quotient is disappointingly low for an R-rated film . Although this film apparently got bad press before it was even released , the critical dogpiling it received was justified , unlike the extremely underrated 13th Warrior . See it or the other Pathfinder , a Norwegian film from 1987 which supposedly was the inspiration for this piece of dreck , instead .
 So I was sitting here remembering what a god awful movie `` Pathfinder '' was and it made me so angry that I decided to write a review so as to warn other potential viewers away . I expected it to be another review read by about 2 people -LRB- I mean , seriously , who the hell would watch Pathfinder anyway ? -RRB- , but I felt obliged to save those 2 poor souls . Imagine my surprise when I looked up this crapfest and found over 100 reviews of the movie , some involving rather heated debates!Here 's the thing
 It has n't been that long since I rented this movie and I have already forgotten the thing . That might provide a clue as to how good a movie this is . I streamed it via Roku after paying Amazon for the privilege and though I think I paid less than $ 3.00 to rent it I still feel a bit ripped off.I can not recommend this movie in any way .
 This could have been a really good sci-fi movie , but it attempts to be `` Dawn of the Dead '' at the end . And fails miserably . It 's more watchable than the Sci-Fi network 's wreck of the week , but not by much . Good actors hamstrung by an awful script . Actually , I may have to take that Sci-Fi statement back . At least you know what 's going on , -LRB- and probably know the whole movie -RRB- , within the first few minutes . This piece of dreck does n't seem to know where it 's going or what 's it 's all about until half way through this slog . Confused about the first 2 minutes of the film ? Do n't worry . It ties back in somewhere toward the end . Assuming you want to wait that long to find out . Even if it was free , you 're better off re-watching `` Night of the Living Dead '' . You 'll feel dead after watching this crap .
 If you are looking for a good movie to watch at bedtime about a bunch of doctors walking around a hospital , then this movie is for you . Thats basically all that happens in this movie ; NOTHING.If you watch this movie , here is what you will get - Sleepy
 Let me start off by saying I love horror movies ... especially zombie flix . I have seen many good and even more bad horror movies , and often times I can appeiate the ones that are so great . There is usually some entertainment value . I have to say this is the worst zombie movie I have ever seen , and one of the worst movies . It was so boring ; the acting was aweful ; they threw things in that made no sense -LCB- random girl/girl kiss for example -RRB- . I kept hoping it would get better but it did n't . The only excitement was in the last few minuts , but it was so bad that you would just be excited it was almost over -LRB- that is if you made it this far -RRB- . There was not even a minimal level of enjoyment ... and I can usually find something to appreciate in most movies .
 I have to believe the positive reviews on this are fake ... poor acting - low budget -LRB- which can still work but , not in this case -RRB- no zombies till last 15 minutes ... weak ... and I love zombie flicks ... but , certainly not this one ...
 I rented this film but did not have time to watch , but as soon as I am able to see it will review it . It has got some descent reviews since its release .
 This had to be the worst movie i have ever watched . EVER !!!! Do n't waste your time renting or buying it .
 Being a sci-fi fan , I knew going into this movie that I was risking my money . At first all was good . Okay story , nice actors , and pretty cool visuals and aliens . Then the story just became more and more stupid with an ending unworthy of a trash heap . Talk about potential wasted .
 I 'm a long time fan of Sci-Fi and have seen my share of bad movies . This was another one . While the special effects where good , the story line was poor and cliches rule the day . -LRB- Spoiler alert -RRB- Aliens invade the earth to harvest human brains to place in their bodies and the bodies of their creatures . How they had the brains to make it to earth in the first place is unknown , Humans are mesmerized by a bright light and sucked up to the hovering space ships by the tens of thousands . While our small band of survivors try to hide out in an apartment building , the military bravely takes on the aliens . Scores of planes are knocked out of the sky but one still manages to make a direct hit on a ship with a nuke . Maybe the military needed to check the expiration date on the nuclear material . There is a big blast , the ship goes down in pieces but then slowly reassembles itself . The creatures and their equipment survive the nuclear furnace without so much as a scorce mark . Meanwhile , a few ground troops manage to take out a creature with a shoulder fired missle.The survivor group is hunted and whittled down to our two primary survivors . I 'll leave the revelation of their fate to those who want to suffer through this movie . Suffice it to say , the movie ends without -LRB- for me -RRB- a satisfactory ending . .
 I 'm a big sci-fi fan , and not particularly snobbish in my tastes . So I went to see Skyline , with my wife , on the opening weekend . And like most of the audience , I did n't leave the theater saying , `` that was awesome '' but rather `` what a piece of crap . `` Skyline stars Eric Balfour -LRB- the big jawed guy from Haven -RRB- as Jarrod , a graffiti artist -LRB- just what the world needs -RRB- who 's going to LA to party with his rap mogul buddy played by Donald Faison -LRB- Turk from Scrubs -RRB- . Their partying is interrupted by the invasion of aliens who can hypnotize any human who looks at them or their machines . Why did the aliens invade ? They came to steal human brains . They strip the brains from the dead humans they collect and use them as biological computers to run future death machines . I think the movie would have been much better if the aliens actually ate the brains as a delicacy rather than used them as bio-tech . I do n't know what the budget was for Skyline , but it looked cheap on the screen . The best of the special effects are indistinguishable from those of Battle
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever had the misfortune of enduring . The concept is interesting , but the special effects really are the only thing this movie has going for it , which is a real shame . The Asylum , who make the usually pretty dire SyFy Original Motion Pictures , do better than this ... six or seven times out of ten . Poor writing , really rather dumb , unlikable characters , and writers/directors who really seemed more interested in making video games than movies make this one one to miss .
 -LRB- Beware , this review contain spoilers . -RRB- No plot but very well executed special effects . I think most everybody could have developed a plot like this one . It is easy to think of a story about humanity perishing under the attack of interplanetary aliens . Come on , that 's really easy . The aliens come , shoot or burn or eat or disintegrate everybody , then end of story . No necessity for developing an ending where somebody saves the day , no matter how improbable . Just mankind disappearing . One of the worst movie ever .
 Great special effects . Everything else was horrendous , not to mention revolting . Oh yeah , and the black guy was the first to go ... who 'd a thunk it ?
 SkylineThis movie looked like it was going to be a really good movie and then it just ended , leaving the viewer to try and decide what happened . I do n't like things that do n't have either an ending or an implied sequel . I seriously doubt that they will have a sequel so it was just a dumb ending . I give all movies a 1 star that DVD manufacturer/producers have started making the consumer buy Blue Ray to view any of the extra features as seems to be popular with DVD movie makers today . Worse , they have a menu and sub-menus of extras . Each one taking you to a message that says you have to purchase Blue Ray to view . What ? You were n't making enough millions on DVDs ? I will NEVER purchase a Blue Ray system . DVD is just fine with me . I ca n't afford , nor will I let any producer shove formats down my throat . How possitively rude . By putting the extras ` tease ' menus on the DVD that lead to no where but your pocket book , you guarantee me not buying your product . Boycot these fiends !
 Yeah , normally , when you say that its followed with a '' ... you wont believe what happens '' Not the case , what I liked about the end , was the excellent rock playing as the credits rolled , AND the fact that the movie was done . I absolutely hated this movie . I felt like it had a cast filled with supporting actors , no heavy hitters anchoring it down . Now , this movie is compared with ID4 , Alien , War of the Worlds , whatever ... NO WAY ... ID4 has real heart , characters you care about , they have an affect on the outcome . Alien is cinematic classic , this doesnt even come close to touching Alien ... so forget that comparison ! Lastly , War of the Worlds , brilliant , beautiful , scary and like nothing I 'd seen , this movie doesnt touch IT either . Skyline largely follows in the footsteps are larger more successful sci fi movies , and gives you nothing new . Do yourself a favor , dont substitute the originals . You 'll be happier watching the ones that came first .
 Donald Donald Donald ... did n't Bill Lawrence teach you that you are supposed to READ your scripts BEFORE you sign on to do a film ?
 First , let me say that I thought the special effects in this movie were pretty impressive . Okay , now for the bad stuff -LRB- which is the rest of the film -RRB- . This movie is a near total rip-off of Steven Speilberg 's remake of `` War of the Worlds . '' The writing is incredibly bad , especially when characters are actually speaking to one another -LRB- as opposed to screaming or grunting -RRB- . I was especially offended by a brief scene where party goers use a telescope to spy on other condo tenants . See , they have a camera hooked up to their telescope so they can watch their peepshow on a big screen TV . Anyway , they spot a male neighbor who appears to be receiving sexual gratification . Well , surprise ! It turns out that he 's with another guy . The film 's editor then goes out of the way to show multiple looks of disgust on the faces of the crowd.So , this is a PG-13 film , but I wonder if it would have been if the gay men were here for more than a fast , cheap laugh that has absolutely NOTHING to do with the rest of the film . `` Skyline '' was written -LRB- and I use the word very loosely -RRB- by Joshua Cordes & Liam O'Donnell . And I 'd like to thank them because there was a very real danger that I might have made it through my day without remembering to despise myself . So , in that vein guys , let me also express that it must be hard to be cursed by having your name attached to something like this . I guess there 's more than one `` Irish Curse '' Liam . Right?It 's all starting to make sense now . Put away your telescopes boys & take a few writing courses . I saw this flick as a free rental & I still feel that I paid too much . Fortunately , I wo n't be spending any money to buy this DVD or any sequels they make . I hope the studio that released this gem is listening . I 'll just spend my money on better films .
 Quite simply put , Skyline was one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Let 's start with the characters . The main character is an absolute cretin , who wants to run out on his gf the moment he finds out he got her pregnant . Yes . This is supposed to be the movie 's hero . But going beyond that , the characters were 1 dimensional cliche 's at best . I actually cheered a couple times when one of the supporting cast died.Now the plot and story . I imagine the writing of this film must have been something like this
 There is nothing that justifies dreck like this . Not one single thing to redeam itself . Too bad you ca n't actually get money back . Thinking of sending it to the pubisher so they can take responsibility for filling the landfill .
 I 'll keep this brief . If I could give Skyline minus 5 stars I would . This was an absolute utter waste of money . I can sit through an alien movie with bad acting , but this had atrocious acting . It was down right off the scale bad . Aliens journey millions of light years to steal human brains ? Seriously ?!?! I 'm glad I did n't waste the money on the Blu-Ray disk . If you 're looking for a good alien sci-fi action movie , check out Battle
 Absolutely terrible . I loved Battle L.A. and District 9 for the record.This was almost as bad as that John Travolta `` Battlefield Earth '' and `` The Mist '' with the most depressing ending ever -LRB- which I believe came from the same director ?! I dont even want to review this , and why I hated it , because it will require me to think about it again . Go see Battle L.A for the same but done much , much better . Go see Avatar , or Aliens , for great Sci-fi .
 dont even waste your time , all the movie has to offer is in the trailer ... just watch that , its actually better than the movie just because its only a minute and a half long .
 Depressing , derivative , unoriginal , SKYLINE is somewhat of a merging of INDEPENDENCE DAY - meets - ALIEN - and meets - CLOVERFIELD . Then it contains everything that has come before -LRB- and after -RRB- it from WAR OF THE WORLDS , `` V '' -LRB- the old and new tv series -RRB- , ALIEN NATION , DISTRICT 9 , MARS ATTACKS , the current BATTLE L.A. -LRB- which is almost the same film released just a few months apart -RRB- , and the upcoming tv series FALLING SKIES ... etc. . Nothing worth watching except for the seamless special effects , but even the aliens and the alien spacecrafts of the film are n't interesting . There is somewhat of a social commentary about the negative ` Hollywood ' lifestyle and it 's denizens . It was so , that , nobody cares if the characters in this film live or die . This reviewer recommends just putting in INDEPENDENCE DAY , if one wants a rousing `` alien-attacks-earth / earth-fights-back '' / type film !
 JUST A WARNING DO NOT BUY THIS . I GOT TO SEE THIS IN NOV OF LAST YEAR AND IT WAS ONE OF THE WORST FILMS EVER MADE ! YOU BEEN WARNED !
 How this movie made it to the theatre is a matter for the Criminal Division of the MPA -LCB- If only one existed -RCB- . The short version is that `` Skyline '' will go down as 1 of the 10 Worst SciFi Movies ever , with the added tag of having 1 of the top 3 WORST MOVIE ENDINGS OF ALL TIME . The longer version is the movie starts off with a flash of special effect & Oh no . Then rewinds 15 hours with the intent to give some back ground to what you just saw . Unfortunately the replayed 15 hours only gives slight insight into our uncomplicated , shallow characters with absolutely zero information about the attack when it happens again . The mediocre story has few moments of ooh & awe in it & drags along to the Horrific `` only in writing that is '' brainsucking end of the film , yes I said they 've apparently come to suck our brains . Which is by the way the only tiny thing we learn about the aliens in the entire movie . Which leaves me forced to use the cliche ' >> 90 minutes of my life I 'll never get back ! Amazon I recommend you order only 100 copies for the entire country !
 I watched this movie with no anticipation of it being good or bad , but went into it with an open mind . All I can say is I want my hour and a half back to spend else where . This is the plot/story . Aliens Invade , Human Die . The End . Its a constant bored . At one point I really thought it would get better , the last half hour would be awesome . I was wrong , it was worst than the beginning of the movie , it just kept getting more retarded by the minute . The CGI work was good , the acting was horrid along with everything else but the CGI . Do n't waste you money on buying , or renting . Wait for it to hit cable tv , by that I mean the weekend night movie on TBS , or Fox , USA , Etc. .
 Judging by the trailers , Skyline looked pretty good , but I should have listened to the critics . The story , dialogue , acting and even the SFX were boring . Could the aliens be any less interesting ? I will admit that the first 30 minutes were entertaining and the final 5 minutes or so got a little better , but when you have to suffer through the other 60 , it 's not worth your precious time.The cast features supporting actors from shows like Dexter , Six Feet Under and Scrubs , but no big name stars . That normally would n't bother me , but it was desperately in need of a strong central performance.The CGI was n't too bad , but the overall scale was just not grand enough . Most of the time is spent inside a building with a handful of survivors as they watch the destruction that is going on outside . When the military finally shows up , it 's a rather pathetic attempt . A dozen drone fighters , a helicopter carrying a whopping three soldiers , and a few fighter jets thrown in for good measure . Wow , do n't mess with us , right ? I know it was just one of many cities , but it still seemed weak.Overall , Skyline was one of worst movies I 've seen all year . Nothing about it is worth recommending other than some decent FX and a semi-unique -LRB- that I still do n't quite understand -RRB- last couple of minutes . Let me put this way . Next to Skyline , Independence Day is a modern cinematic masterpiece . Ouch , it hurt just typing that .
 This movie started off very well . It had the right amount of action , suspense , and great special effects , but the ending was just borderline ridiculous . The movie itself was like a mix of Cloverfield , and War of the Worlds , but the ending was like a very cheesy 60 's sci-fi ending . Jarrod and his wife , Elaine go to L.A. for his friend Terry 's Birthday . Early the next morning , bright blue lights come from the sky and huge alien spaceships appear . If anybody looks directly into the light , they become entranced and burn their blood vessels . The aliens are stealing humans . Jarrod , Elaine , Terry and their friends try to survive . I would not recommend SKYLINE !!!
 This movie really sucks ! It looked like it might be good when I read the movie description , but I was sadly mistaken . The plot fails to develop and the ending will make you want your money back .
 Terry -LRB- Donald Faison -RRB- sees the light after a night of debauchery . Or does the light see him ? In any case he 's consumed with aliens . This is a real brain teaser . The noisy music is what probably drew aliens with better taste.I have never seen a more pitiful excuse for a movie . It 's the standard invasion movie you know like `` War of the Worlds '' without the pathos . Even Stephen King would barf . As you know even a Stephen King formula is to keep it almost believable , not inconceivable . A better duffus film like this would be `` Independence Day '' -LRB- 1996 -RRB- with a better actor Bill Pullman.I suggest you do not waste your time with this ridicules thing and if you must watch something that has aliens walking the streets and peaking in windows watch Target Earth -LRB- 1954 -RRB- . Target Earth ~ Richard DenningOver Sexed Rugsuckers from Mars
